2:licence-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	THE COMPANY    Employer is a midstream service provider to the onshore Oil and Gas markets.  It is a a fast growing filtration technology company providing environmentally sound solutions to the E&P’s for water and drilling fluids management and recycling.    THE POSITION    The North Dakota Regional Technical Sales Representative reports directly to the VP of Sales and covers a territory that includes North Dakota and surrounding areas of South Dakota, Wyoming and Montana.  Specific duties for this position include but are not limited to:     Building sales volume within the established territory from existing and new accounts   Set up and maintain a strategic sales plan for the territory   Present technical presentations, product demonstrations & training   Maintain direct contact with customers, distributors and representatives   Prospect new customer contacts and referrals   Gather and record customer & competitor information   Provide accurate and updated forecasts for the territory   Identify new product opportunities   Build long-term relationships with customers, reps & distributors    CANDIDATE REQUIREMENT    The ideal candidate will possess technical degree, preferably in the oil & gas discipline and/or 5+ years of experience preferably with exploration and production companies (midstream service companies are a big plus).      Other desired requirements include but are not limited to:     Consistent record of superior sales results & experience closing sales   Proven ability to cold-call, develop relationships   Excellent written and verbal communication skills.    Strong computer skills, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, e-mail, etc.   Strong work ethic and ability to work independently.   Must be willing to develop new business – not just maintain current accounts   Ability to travel extensively throughout assigned region    If you are a self-motivated individual with strong engineering, and leadership skills and a desire to build a stronger, more advanced organization we encourage you to apply.      Position is located in North Dakota, but sales representative could live as far away as Casper, Wyoming or Billings, Montana.     Successful candidates must pass a post offer background and drug screen.    EOE         
6:5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job bs-degree-needed supervising-job	JOB PURPOSE:    The Account Director is responsible for managing and growing existing account relationships through direct management of accounts as well as management of an account servicing team comprised of one or more account management staff.     The Account Director ensures that their account management staff possesses a consistent and complete knowledge of all program implementation processes, insurance and membership product design, direct marketing strategies, customer service, and fulfillment processes.     Act as a liaison between clients at a senior level to maintain a positive client relationship, always look for opportunities to grow their clients and the overall business in order to maximize the campaign performance.  Assists departmental Team Leader with management of projects and Account Management team initiatives.     ESSENTIAL JOB RESPONSIBILITIES, DUTIES, TASKS:  • Client / Partner Management Responsibilities:  o Drives overall strategy for client relationship and multi-product / channel programs.  o Provides excellent and frequent high-level client service.  Involves frequent client visits and managing special client requests.  Is responsible for research and follow-up on all client requests and issues.  o Oversees more complex communications with client, partners and internal team members.  o Possesses complete knowledge of competitive entities in regards to their particular clients and communicates this information to internal team members in order to drive the development of appropriate marketing strategies.  o Collaborates with other Account Directors in discussing other client relationships, sharing learning’s, etc…  o Leads client brainstorming discussions on things such as, but not limited to:   how to make-up negative variance   product ideation   creative ideation   results review / improvement initiatives.  • Management / Company-wide / Other Responsibilities:  o Demonstrates and portrays a complete understanding of the Company’s direction and mission, and manages client relationships and internal team members accordingly.  o Regularly provides leadership and / or guidance to all junior account management team members.  o Hires, trains and develops account management team members to meet organizational objectives.  Regularly reviews direct reports’ performance and addresses both formally and informally.  Continuously provides them with appropriate motivation and means to succeed.  o Provides direction to direct reports on the management of their clients, including, but not limited to, all aspects of program implementation, financial reporting, involvement in client conference calls / meetings as needed, and strategic and marketing planning.  o Understands the management of a business area and has significant responsibility for the functionality of that area.  This includes the management of team members, allocation / completion of workload, and the distribution of resources.  o Understands the spending / expenses of the business area, including decisions related to staffing levels and allocation of resources.  o Primary point of contact for all activity related to their business area.  o Takes ownership in maintaining their business area’s commitments and cross-functional team efforts.  o Leads other company initiatives such as task forces and results improvement initiatives.  o Manages additional projects or initiatives assigned by his / her manager.    • Implementation / Program Management Responsibilities:  o Drives client financials and compensation agreements, to include, but not limited to:   Client variances in the marketing budget / forecast and calendar, and is responsible for working with their account management team to proactively determine ways to make up any negative variance for client and the Company.   Analyzes all reporting throughout the life of the campaign to accurately speak to results, persistency, trends, what’s working, what isn’t, etc…   Mentors their account management team to conduct campaign post-mortem sessions with clients for all programs.   New program / product pricing, benefits, amendment / contractual needs, etc…   Complete and thorough understanding of clients’ and the Company’s compensation structures, pricing models, contract terms, etc…  o Works with all internal functional teams, clients and partners to develop integrated annual marketing plans.    SUPERVISING FUNCTIONS:  Two Account Representatives reporting to this position.    SCOPE:  This position is responsible for ensuring their team is staffed and trained accordingly so they may achieve accurate and on time delivery of all client marketing campaigns, and excellent client servicing abilities, in an effort to help the company and its clients hit their annual revenue numbers.    CRITICAL CORE COMPETENCIES:  • Leadership - inspires and gains the commitment and respect of functional team members and/or external partners / clients and Executive Management.  Must be a role model for other associates, and empowers others.    • Team Work – must have ability to work with all Account Management team members and functional teams.  Fosters a positive team work attitude and environment within the Account Management Team as well as across the entire organization.    • Thinking Clearly & Analytically - makes recommendations, follows though, and demonstrates good judgment on all levels.  Consistently takes the initiative towards solving problems and understanding inter-relationships and the “big picture” within the organization.  Anticipates business needs, thinks “out of the box”, questions status quo.    • Financial Management - understands financial impact of all marketing decisions and is fiscally responsible for their clients’ marketing plans.    • Flexibility – must adapt to new/different or changing business environments, respects and supports change, interested in learning new ways of working, stimulates and encourages change to push the business.      CRITICAL MANAGEMENT COMPETENCIES:     • Ability to Motivate - articulation of mission/goals, generates enthusiasm for accomplishing goals; organize team members to accomplish goals.  Ability to modify management style to each situation.    • Strategic Planning - keeps abreast of development in the Marketing / Banking industry, utilizes internal and external best practices.       • Ability/Willingness to Communicate to Staff - communication of the Company’s vision to staff members, must have willingness to share plans, goals etc.  Must be visible and accessible to employees.    • Decisiveness - makes choices quickly and surely, without having any doubts.    • Coaching, Mentoring - provides constructive feedback effectively and when appropriate, encourages growth and development and takes an active role in developing direct reports.  Gives others the opportunity to master new duties or projects.    REQUIRED: KNOWLEDGE / SKILLS / ABILITIES / EXPERIENCE / EDUCATION   • Four-year college degree in Marketing or related field  • Six plus years’ client management / servicing experience  • Proven ability to lead, manage, develop and motivate a team  • Strong interpersonal and demonstrated senior, and executive-level client relationship development skills  • Must be a detail-oriented self-starter able to handle multiple tasks with little supervision  • Must possess excellent oral and written communication skills with strong direct marketing financials and analytical ability  • Solid skills in MS Office products particularly in MS Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint    PREFERRED: KNOWLEDGE / SKILLS / ABILITIES / EXPERIENCE / EDUCATION   • Direct marketing and / or advertising experience.  • Financial Institution Marketplace and/or Insurance Industry experience.  • Experience with Six Sigma processes.    An Equal Opportunity Employer    
23:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	EXPERIENCE ONLY CLICK TO REPLY>>  GREAT OPPORTUNITY TO WORK WITH A TOP CALIFORNIA THIRD PARTY ADMINISTRATOR. LOOKING FOR AN INDIVIDUAL TO TAKE THE PROPERTY AND CASUALTY DIVISION TO THE NEXT LEVEL.  GREAT COMPENSATION PACKAGE. CPCU, MBA OR ARM A PLUS.   Job Summary The Executive Vice President of Property and Casualty Claims will lead the transformation of the Property and Casualty Division from its current stage into a mature operation. Specifically, the individual will  ensure  that  The’  Property  and  Casualty  Division’s;  fiscal,  operational,  sales,  marketing, technology and strategies are effectively implemented and delivered.   The Executive Vice President is responsible for providing strategic leadership for the division by working with Senior Executives to establish and execute long-range goals, strategies, plans, and policies.   LEADERSHIP and MANAGEMENT: Attract, lead, coach, develop, and retain high-performing individuals to the division Strong commitment to the professional development of staff; successful track record of recruiting and retaining a diverse team   PLANNING and NEW BUSINESS Design and complete the strategic business planning process for the division.  Build relationships in new markets, which includes insurance carriers, brokers and direct risk management clients Be the external presence in the marketplace responsible for generating enhanced brand awareness and reputation for the organization. Work with sales to assure that their efforts generate target opportunities for the division. Take the lead role in the modeling, design, preparation and facilitation of pricing for the division Performs pricing analysis to support decision making and to execute effective pricing strategies with customers Works with sales to analyze opportunities, develop pricing and to generate comprehensive proposals. Be an advisory on any contracts into which the Corporation may enter.   ESSENTIAL JOB REQUIREMENTS The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.  The VP will be thoroughly committed to the development and expansion of the’ property and casualty division. All candidates should have proven leadership, coaching, and relationship management experience. Concrete demonstrable experience and other qualifications include:      Minimum of a BA, ideally an MBA, with at least 5 years of management experience; track record of effectively leading an outcomes-based organization and staff; ability to point to specific examples of having developed and instituted strategies that have taken an organization to the next stage of growth     Prior Property and Casualty TPA experience ideal; management of a multisite, multi-coverage line organization preferred.     California Adjuster License required.  Additional state licenses a plus     Expertise in general liability, including relevant laws, civil procedure, contract law, property and casualty insurance policies, codes, practices and principals.     Excellence in organizational management with the ability to coach staff, manage, and develop high-performance teams, set and achieve strategic objectives, and manage a budget     Strong written and verbal communication skills; a persuasive and passionate communicator with excellent interpersonal and multidisciplinary project skills     Action-oriented, entrepreneurial, adaptable, and innovative approach to business planning     Competitive, passionate, integrity, positive attitude, and self-directed     Significant marketing/branding experience a must     A financially savvy and astute leader with the ability to set clear priorities, delegate, and guide investment in people and systems; keen analytic, organization and problem solving skills, which support and enable sound decision making.  Welcome to Essential Staffing, where we are profoundly dedicated to recruiting and staffing. Our core values of commitment and integrity drive our intense desire to obtain the best results for our clients, employees, and candidates.  Commitment. Dedication to a long-term course of action. We are committed to acting in the best interests of our clients, candidates, and employees.  Integrity. The quality or state of being of honest and sincere. In our relationships with clients, employees and candidates, we value honesty, fairness, and respect  Results. The consequence or consequences desired. We deliver the best results by doing the basics of our business superbly well.
41:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Civil engineering firm is seeking a *Geotechnical Engineer* with 5 years of experience. Must have a B.S. in Engineering and local experience preferred. Typical duties consist of assisting in planning, designing, and directing geotechnical engineering or construction testing/inspection projects by performing the following:      *Literature search     *Site reconnaissance for appropriateness of exploration (drilling or trenching)     *conducts utility clearance and logs material     *Perform routine lab tests, construction materials testing, and field audits     *Prepare routine reports including geotechnical, selected backfill, pad certification, etc.     *Serves as a project manager     *Analyze reports, maps, drawings, blueprints, tests, and aerial photographs on soil       composition, terrain, hydrological characteristics, and other topographical data to plan and        design projects     *Instructs draftspersons/technicians to reduce designs to working drawings  To perform this job successfully, candidates must have the ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations. Candidates should be a registered professional civil engineer or have the ability to obtain registration within 6 months.  TO APPLY, PLEASE COMPLETE OUR ONLINE APPLICATIONS AT www.example.com.  SIMPLY EMAILING YOUR RESUME WILL NOT SUFFICE.  GES is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
44:2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Our client a leader in the mining industry is looking to bring aboard a Quarry Plant Supervisor.   Duties Include:  Design, implement ,and monitor the development of mines, facilities, systems, and equipment.    Monitor mine production rates to assess operational effectiveness.    Review daily reports of quantity and grade materials and computing daily production from the weight of loaded vehicles.    Oversee and direct operations to meet production goals including directing operation of crushers,pumps, and furnaces and assisting workers with faulty equipment.    Supervise workers, safety procedures ,operations and equipment maintenance at the site.    Inspect mining areas for unsafe structures, equipment, and working conditions.    Perform daily and safety inspections of processing and loading equipment and scheduling necessary maintenance to ensure optimal performance and safety.    Prepare technical reports for use by mining, engineering, and management personnel.    Prepare schedules, reports, and estimates of the costs involved in developing and operating mines.   Education/Experience: Bachelor's Degree in Minining Engineering  2- 4 years Exp.   Highly competitive base pay    Comprehensive medical, dental, and disability benefits programs    401k plan    Tuition Reimbursement    A culture that values opportunity for growth, development and internal promotion.
45:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed salary	Denny's is seeking a Restaurant Manager in Concord, NC. Must have 2 years of current restaurant management experience. Excellent compensation and benefits package.     Email resume and salary requirements. We will contact applicants with experience that matches the needs of the position.   
46:supervising-job	*Major Oil experience HIGHLY DESIRABLE*     The duties and responsibilities of the Territory Manager shall include the following:  * Conduct routine site visits and effectively communicate company policies and enforce Brand Image standards at retail locations   * Ensure customers comply with all contractual obligations and business processes vital to the company.  * Continuously seek out opportunities for new business by visiting competitive sites and maintaining ties with local dealer networks and trade associations to make them aware of company's offering.  * Leverage supplier programs and company Capex to extend existing contracts whenever possible.  * Evaluate and propose site level Capex improvements that maximize profitability for operator and company.  * Always represent the company in an ethical, professional, businesslike manner.   * Provide prompt, courteous and responsive communication between the company and the customer.  * Maintain a current knowledge base of industry acceptable practices and business processes in order to educate and refresh the customer base.  Continuously work with all team members to refine and improve retail strategies and operational processes in order to deliver superior customer service and maximize profitability.
83:supervising-job	Hyperion Biotechnology is looking for a Personnel Assistant I to work at Langely Air Force Base in the Military Personnel Function (MPF) program.  Duties- You will:  Serve as professional customer service specialist and achieve customer satisfaction by delivering military HR services in a professional, courteous, and timely manner. Possess skill-level 2 technical proficiency across a variety of military HR functional areas. Perform as HR specialist within a work center such as Customer Service, ARMS, Awards and Decorations, In & Out Processing, ID/CAC Card Management, and Personnel Applications. Perform as HR specialist within a CPE that provides quality personnel support to commanders and appropriated employees.   Demonstrate in-depth subject matter expertise and extensive knowledge of related DoD and USAF governing directives, HR personnel policies, and base-level operating procedures. Research records, policy, directives, regulations and/or other military historical documents to verify accuracy of records or determine benefits eligibility, including to dependents and former spouses. Rely on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Exercise creativity and latitude in executing delivery of HR services. Collect workload and develops and implements performance metrics used to measure work center performance against quality control standards.   You must have a high level of proficiency in HR core competencies that include handling routine and complex customer inquiries via telephone and e-mail, and coordinating with supported unit administrative personnel, unit commanders, and other installation service providers. Conduct detailed briefings and counsels members and family members on detailed HR procedures. Access multiple automated systems such as MILPDS to update emergency documents (DD Form 93 and SGLI) and other Member data elements. Perform Transaction Register (TR) as well as Management Assessment Products (MAPs) analysis and assist in corrective actions with same when directed by higher level Personnel Assistants or Team Lead. Scan and transmit documents to AFPC, may serve as VO for issuance of CAC cards from the RAPIDS system, process personnel applications, and manage publications, forms and files.   Retrieve and revoke ID cards from Members and dependents as necessary. Respond to questions for Dress and Personal Appearance, military leave, permissive TDY and special leave, administer fundraising and voting programs and the Family Care Program. Proficiency required across a broad spectrum of HR major functions and mission-essential tasks, including a firm grasp of multiple, standard HR automated systems such as ARMS, MILPDS, MDCPDS, and DEERS/RAPIDS. Perform systems administration to the CPE, maintain computers and peripherals, user access control, and system security.  Uphold the highest standards of integrity, honesty, openness and professionalism. Committed to delivering quality and value to military Service Members, family members, and retirees in the installation area of responsibility.   To apply: Please tell us what you’ve done that makes you perfect for this position. Submit your resume through this website only; no phone calls, please. Include your availability and desired salary.  Hyperion is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state, or local law. You may self-identify on a voluntary basis. No question on the form is intended to secure information to be used for such discrimination. The company is required by federal regulations to report information as requested on the form. Your contribution of this information is completely voluntary and in no way affects the decision regarding your employment opportunity. The information you provide is strictly confidential and will be maintained separate from your application form. To access the form, cut and paste this URL into your browser: www.example.com
84:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	Wanted: Ace Wordsmith, Big Idea Writer Who Wants To Make A Difference    Renaissance Learning, a leading provider of technology solutions and programs for pre-K–12 schools and districts, seeks a copywriter with a strong background and portfolio, who can generate new, innovative ideas and bring them to fruition.  If that's you, and you are ready to take on the creative challenge of a lifetime, read on.      We’re looking for a copywriter who knows how to write headlines and copy that sell.   Become part of our growth while you work nestled in a woodsy, beautiful corporate location in central Wisconsin.  We’re seeking a writer who can deliver clear, results-oriented copy and who enjoys working in a fast-paced team environment.  We want a writer who can readily move from direct mail campaigns to web-site copy, to sales presentations, and more. A talented copywriter will not want for new creative challenges.    As a member of our creative team, you’ll write targeted, effective copy selling our world-class, award-winning products to K-12 educators nationwide.  You’ll also help brainstorm concepts, create offers, plan new campaigns, and analyze and address educational and direct marketing trends.  As the Senior Copywriter, you will be responsible for proofreading the work of other copywriters as needed, provide counsel and assistance to other copywriters, and give direction to outside agencies and freelancers.  In addition, you will collaborate with the procuction staff to determine direct mail package specifications that will deliver the most cost-effective results.    Qualifications include A Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or University  along with 5-8  years of copywriting experience.    If you have the appropriate experience, education and skills we’re seeking and want to make a difference in the lives of millions of children, we want you!   Come join a dynamic, industry-leading company that was recently named one of the “Most Trustworthy Companies.”      For consideration, apply on line: *www.example.com    
86:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Working closely throughout the Midwest/Northwest with the Urban Accounts and Regional Sales teams support Renaissance Learning’s urban strategy by developing, managing and fostering positive, high level relationships with 8 to 10 assigned, key urban accounts within a region with the ultimate goal of achieving a wall-to-wall, total solution presence for RLI products and services within the key urban districts.     - Strategize with RVP, Urban team and senior sales management to determine urban accounts that offer RLI the greatest opportunity to accelerate learning within a region.   - Strategize the approach and methodology to assure consistent presence in the named accounts. Be visible and frequent in these accounts.   - Attend all state/regional/local events that the superintendents’ for the named accounts in the region will be attending, building strong relationships with the key accounts and other Superintendents in the region as well as key deputies.   - Present and follow up on all opportunities.   - Do presentations with senior urban accounts team as needed.   - Build strong working relationships within the region with the RVP and sales team.     Bachelor’s degree from a four-year college or university in education or related field preferred; plus 5 to 10 years of K-12 sales experience into urban school districts.    Please apply to: www.example.com    *About Renaissance Learning:*    Renaissance Learning is a leading provider of technology-based school improvement and student assessment programs for K12 schools. Adopted by more than 72,000 schools, Renaissance Learning's tools provide daily formative assessment and periodic progress-monitoring technology to enhance core curriculum, support differentiated instruction, and personalize practice in reading, writing and math.     Renaissance Learning products help educators make the practice component of their existing curriculum more effective by providing tools to personalize practice and easily manage the daily activities for students of all levels. As a result, teachers using Renaissance Learning products accelerate learning, get more satisfaction from teaching, and help students achieve higher test scores on state and national tests.     Renaissance Learning has seven U.S. locations and subsidiaries in Canada and the United Kingdom.  
89:supervising-job 1-year-experience-needed	Sacred Heart Hospice is currently recruiting for a RN Case Manager who is looking to provide compassionate hospice care to patients in their homes throughout Maricopa County.  As a RN Case Manager, you will be responsible for providing initial assessments, creating plans of care; which involve the patient, family and the interdisciplinary team; educating patients and families; working with physicians; documenting in a state of the art EMR, all with goal of providing extraordinary care and customer service to your patients.  If you are an experienced health care provider who likes working in a team, is flexible, accountable and is committed to providing care and comfort to the terminally ill Sacred Heart Hospice, would like to hear from you.  Primary responsibilities: • Patient visits (facility, home, hospital) • Treatment planning and care coordination • Patient and family education and support • Interaction with all providers including Medical Directors, Social Workers,                   Physicians,etc. • Electronic charting, bed-side Required Qualifications: • Current, unrestricted RN license in the State of Arizona • 1+ years of clinical nursing experience preferably in an acute or sub-acute setting                   or hospice • Computer proficiency a must • Time management skills • Flexibility • Experience providing care in a team environment • Excellent oral/written communication and interpersonal skills • Must have reliable transportation, a valid driver's license and the minimum state                   required liability automobile insurance or access to reliable transportation • Ability to rotate on-call weekdays, weekends, valley wide travel         Bilingual perferred
91:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	*PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT YOUR RESUME IF YOU DO NOT HAVE QUALIFIED FEDERAL EXPERIENCE, WE WILL ONLY BE CONTACTING QUALIFIED CANDIDATES. PLEASE PROVIDE YOUR SALARY REQUIREMENTS, WORK AUTHORIZATION, AVAILABILITY, AND CONTACT INFORMATION.*    This posting is an open position, we will contact you back when we have a need for your skill set. Please do not submitt your resume more than once.    Thanks in advance.  FEDSYNC    *Essential Duties and Responsibilities (Day to day functions):*  -Locate and collect requested records (combination of manual and electronic searches), research and evaluate material, and apply regulatory guidelines and procedures that will assist it in determining what is releasable under the provisions of the FOIA and the Privacy Act.     - Locate responsive records which will require the electronic search of various automated systems or perform manual search for records as required.     -Submit reports outlining search findings and positions on any nondisclosable material, citing exemptions and providing specific rationale for nondisclosure of records. The report shall also discuss recommendations for required disclosure of records IAW the organization’s FOIA regulations.     -Upon approval indicating the report is acceptable, draft a determination letter, using preset exemption language. The letter must include citations for the exemptions used, specific rationale for nondisclosure of records as well as appeal rights of the requester. Finally, a statement of charges must be developed which list any search/review time associated with processing the request and noting any associated copying fees.     -Supervise a team of FOIA specialists and Analysts to complete work in a hectic environment. Help clean up a back log of 500+ FOIA requests to completion with in 6 months.    *Minimum Requirements:*  1) At least 10 years experience dealing primarily with actual processing of FOIA and Privacy Act requests (collecting records, reviewing, analyzing and determining disclosability of material and redacting nondisclosable material);   2) At least two years of experience in using electronic software to track and process FOIA requests;   3) At least three years experience in using software such as MS Word, Excel, Lotus 123, and/or WordPerfect.  4) Bachelors degree with FOIA related certification (prefered)    *Minimum Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:*  - Ability to work effectively and efficiently in a team environment and relate well to others   - Ability to show initiative and commitment to the company’s goals   - Ability to readily adapt to changing requirements   - Strong commitment to performing and producing at the highest level of quality at all times   - Ability to manage individual workflow effectively and improve processes when necessary   - Ability to communicate clearly and effectively with coworkers both in written and verbal communications   - Positive attitude focused on customer satisfaction      *Physical Requirements:*  While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; sit; use hands and fingers to handle, or feel objects, office equipment; use fingers and hands to type or write; reach with hands and arms; talk or hear. Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. Ability to Lift up to 10 lbs, bend, reach, carry, stoop, kneel, climb, etc.       This position is performed in a traditional office environment.    Please submitt a well documented resume with examples of how in the past you have completed the job description.     FEDSYNC is an Equal Opportunity Employer.      
94:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	*Job Summary:* Performs daily accounting duties and maintains the Center’s financial records on QuickBooks. Also performs financial analysis when requested by the CFO and assists Front Desk personnel occasionally on an as-needed basis. Oversee the Center’s daily business and financial operations.   *Major Responsibilities/Activities:* • Opening mail and distribute to appropriate person/ department • Assist patients with payment plan set up  • Provide IT Help desk support to staff with guidance from IT vendor • Answer call for patient’s billing questions, investigate solution, return patient call with answer after consulting with Financial Coordinator or Center Administrator.  • Coordinate patient billing questions to labs  • Liaison for medical billing vendor to investigate transactions  • Calculate inventory on hand, seek approval for ordering amounts, place order to vendors to replenish inventory, price items, and stock shelves. • Categorize daily cash batches by sorting items by product/service purchased • Audit the daily bank deposit slip in the practice management software system (Collaborate MD) • Process the daily bank deposit slip for bank deposit and copies relayed to medical billing team.  • Assist Financial Coordinator and Center Administrator when necessary   *Front Desk Backup Duties (occasionally as needed):* • Greet Clients, vendors and telephone callers and fine out the nature of their inquiry  • Provide information to assist clients or refer them to appropriate contacts • Arrange appointments for clients and vendors and obtain necessary information for the appointments  • Carry out word processing, filing, mail-outs • Route messages to providers and medical staff appropriately in Electronic Medical Records (EMR) system (Sevocity)  • Assist in the promotion of products and services provided by Vital Life Wellness Center • Open and address incoming mail and organize outgoing mail and postage.   *Minimum Requirements:* • Two years previous healthcare reception experience recommended • Two years previous customer service experience required • Competency in Microsoft applications including Word, Excel and Outlook.   *Required Skills:* • Excellent math skills • Excellent customer service skills • Excellent verbal and written communication skills a must.  • Excellent attention to detail  • Proficiency in the use of personal computers in order to complete work efficiently and avoid loss of time • Ability to multitask and adapt to changing priorities and situations  • Ability to establish priorities and meet deadlines  • Ability to problem solve • Excellent organizational skills • 10-key by touch 
97:licence-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed salary supervising-job	NATIONAL UPSCALE SPORTS BAR RESTAURANT COMPANY EXCELLENT SALARY, BONUS, BENEFITS AND 401K   NOW HIRING -GM - AGM - BAR MANAGERS - FOH SERVICE MANAGER!  MUST HAVE CURRENT OR MOST RECENT 3 YEARS MINIMUN FULL SERVICE RESTAURANT SALARY MANAGEMENT BACKGROUND TO QUALIFLY.PLEASE NOTE IF YOU DO NOT MEET THE CRITRIA WE WILL NOT RESPOND.  \"SELECTIVE RESTAURANT RECRUITERS\" represents some of the hottest concepts with outstanding opportunities. No fees for you and confidentiality is assured!   We have job postings with local Independent Concepts as well as Regional and National Growth Restaurant Companies in the following sectors: Fine Dining, Upscale Casual, Casual Theme and Sports Bar. We have openings in your area.   The companies we represent require a \"minimum of three years recent salary Restaurant Management Experience\" And offer great benefits and growth opportunities.   Please Email in confidence your resume to us immediately send to Attn.Tom   We have the following positions available!  DM/RM: 75k-125k + Bonus + Car + 401k  Gm: 60k-75k + 2 Bonus programs + 401k  Km: 45k-55k + Bonus + 401k  Service Managers: 40k-50k + bonus + 401k  Bar managers: 36k-40k + bonus + 401k  AGM: 45k-60k + bonus +401k Visit our web site at www.example.com
102:1-year-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	SF Police Credit Union is a growing organization honored to serve the Bay Area's First Responders' (Law Enforcement, Fire, Emergency Medical Technicians and their families) since 1953.   SFPCU is seeking self-starting Marketing Coordinator who shares our commitment to provide excellent service and education at every opportunity. We offer generous benefits, competitive compensation, and career development opportunities throughout our organization.  Benefits Include:  • HMO, PPO Medical & Vision Plan  • Dental Plan including orthodontics • 401k (Employer Matching & Profit Sharing Contributions) • Group Life, Accidental, Short and Long Term Disability Insurance • Pre-Tax Commuter Benefits  • Paid Time Off (PTO), holidays • Employee Loan Discount Program • Work/Life: Employee Appreciation Events, On-site Health & Wellness Fairs, Holiday Parties and Community Support Events • Educational and Tuition Reimbursement Programs • Professional Development Programs  The Marketing Coordinator is responsible for day-to-day support, maintenance and administration of various Marketing projects, programs and events. Provides support to execute plans and facilitates and coordinates communication internally and externally to our membership.  Must be able to:  • Assist in the production of materials for member communication and advertising/sales promotion materials and update and maintain marketing collateral library. • Structures and manages marketing materials for branches  • Coordinate all monthly statement files (Ads, Mailings lists, messages) and monthly targeted mailings. • Create and maintain internal communications, such as SharePoint content and employee-focused messaging, and calendaring documents. • Assist in writing and proofreading projects, including story creation for the APB Newsletter • Assist in the maintenance of SFPCU web presence (social media, web). May include generating and managing content, and interacting with  Members online. • Stay up to day on financial products/services, industry competition and trends • Utilize MCIF software for targeting and tracking as needed • Support member events (Annual Meeting, financial seminars and some community relations) • Maintain day-to-day operations and provide general department support  • Adhere to the policies and procedures of the SF Police Credit Union, including regulatory requirements of the Bank Secrecy Act  • Other duties not limited to those stated herein requested by the SVP Marketing and Strategy, COO, and CEO.  Education: •BA/BS in Marketing, Communications, or related field or at least 1 year marketing/advertising and/or financial organization experience  Skills & Qualifications: • Highly motivated and results oriented • Must be an innovative thinker • Creativity, flexibility, personable demeanor are a must • Ability to manage and coordinate multiple projects simultaneously in a deadline-driven environment  • Ability to be self-motivated and organized, and to work independently and also function as an integral member of the Marketing team  • Excellent oral, written and verbal communication skills • Strong computer skills, including MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Internet), required • Knowledge of HTML, Illustrator or other design programs desired • Current driver's license, proof of insurance, safe driving record and able to provide your own transportation  Physical Requirements: • Regularly required to use hands to finger, handle, feel, write and type on a computer keyboard and other standard office equipment.  • Frequently required to sit, stand, walk, reach, and stoop.  • Vision and hearing within corrected range.  • Must occasionally lift up to 10- 25 lbs.  *The job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by this employee. He or she will be required to follow other instructions and to perform other duties as required by the COO/EVP/CEO. SFPCU is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V*
103:salary 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Reports to the Director of Sales     The Sales Manager maintains a professional appearance and poise commensurate with the image of the hotel.  The summarize all of the features of the hotel, and states all specific data of the hotel accurately.  This person will develops profitable sales through outside sales calls, and maintains active sales contact on all assigned accounts and within assigned market segments.  Maintains up to date tracer files for follow up.     The Sales Manager will develop proposals, qualifies customers, and prepares contracts.  They services current clients and assertively rebooks them while reporting product quality feedback to the Director of Sales.  The Sales Manager will researche competition and assess general market conditions for the Director of Sales.     Position Requirements:    * 3+ years of Hotel Sales Management experience  * Full service hotel experience   * Knowledge and prior experience in the Princeton, NJ area  * Exceptional Communication skills    Position Offers:    * Competitive Base Salary  * Paid Vacation  * Market Leading 401K Savings Plan with company match  * Comprehensive Medical & Dental Insurance  * Voluntary Benefits; Long-Term Disability, Term Life and A & D  * Tremendous career growth potential!
112:supervising-job bs-degree-needed	Are you interested in working for a company that’s been dedicated to quality patient care for over 111 years? Does working with award-winning technology at an industry leader appeal to you? If that sounds good, then Walgreens might be the right company for you.     We are seeking pharmacists to fill rewarding positions in the ever-advancing role of the community pharmacist. As a pharmacy and healthcare service provider founded and run by pharmacists, our top priority is about improving quality of life through personalized, professional patient care. Some of the services that you will be able to provide as a Community Pharmacist at Walgreens include MTM'S, compounding scripts in our unique Compounding Centers and providing immunizations.     We are currently seeking community pharmacists throughout Arkansas, specifically in the following cities:    Benton  Bryant  Forrest City  Fort Smith  Harrison  Hot Springs  Little Rock  Malvern  Newport  North Little Rock  Paragould  Pine Bluff  Russellville  Sherwood  Warren    *Sign-on bonuses offered and relocation assistance provided!  (available based on location and for a limited time only)    In this market we are looking for future pharmacists that are dedicated to improving the health of their patients and have a desire for growth in their careers.  If you're interested in learning more about a career with Walgreens and advancement opportunities within this market, please submit an application on www.example.com to be considered.    To be eligible for a Pharmacist position you must have the following:  •         BS or PharmD from accredited college of Pharmacy  •         State Pharmacy license required  •         Certified immunizer or willing to become certified within 90 days of service    Equal Opportunity Employer/M/F/V/D. We welcome individuals of diverse talents and backgrounds. Walgreens promotes and supports a drug-free and smoke-free workplace.  
118:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed salary supervising-job	Director of Marketing and Communications  The ideal candidate will have a demonstrated ability to effectively supervise and lead staff including the ability to achieve results through people, strong written, verbal, problem solving and interpersonal communications skills.  Computer literacy is a must, with experience in word processing packages (Microsoft Office), basic graphic design, and database CRM software.  They must have a strong sense of urgency and initiative and be highly organized and able to achieve systematic delivery of product under deadline. Ideal candidates will possess a degree in communications, marketing, public relations, or a related field and must have at least 5 years of professional experience.  Critical Skills  • Able to develop vision, strategy, & plan for implementation • Understanding of creative and strategic direction and brand communications  • Knowledge of organizational branding and its relationship to customer experience • Ability to translate complex design challenges into clear customer-friendly experiences • Understanding of creative strategic development and creative tracks:  design, interactive development, copy writing and content strategy • Demonstrate positive energy to effectively represent brand internally & externally • Passionate about driving brand growth by better meeting consumer needs  Essential duties and responsibilities will include the following:  Marketing • Design, implement and facilitate annual marketing plan for the organization. • Create and manage successful marketing campaigns through multiple mediums such as online and traditional media outlets, direct mail, outreach and collateral. • Responsible for tracking campaigns, monitoring response, measuring data and performance, and making adjustments accordingly to maintain or exceed organization objectives and goals. • Manage all aspects of advertising campaigns, including research, budgeting, design, placement, ROI, and consultation with external agencies. • Implement competitive intelligence functionality supporting business development enrollment goals and strategies.  Communications • Plan organization’s external and internal communications efforts, including overall positioning processes and messaging development. • Oversee writing, design, production and dissemination of organization materials, including website and email content, printed materials, etc. • Establish and maintain a consistent organizational image throughout all promotional materials and collateral, as well as tabling and events. • Direct the development of press materials.  Interactive Media • Direct the development and implementation of the online and interactive programs of the agency. • Identify and develop new opportunities for interactive and web based marketing that furthers the organization’s long term business goals. • Manage the development of new content for all the interactive strategies for the organization.  Administration • Plan and administer the organization’s marketing operations budget. • Effectively work with the department leaders on all projects. • Promote organization to community in a positive and professional manner.  Please submit resume and salary history   ********************************************************** COMPLETE OUR ELECTRONIC APPLICATION:  www.example.com 
123:supervising-job licence-needed	200 bed health care facility in Queens, NY seeks registered nurse with extensive administrative experience in a long term care facility to become Assistant Director of Nursing.
124:full-time-job supervising-job	RN Supervisor for 200 bed health care facility.  Must have supervisory and long term care experience.  Bilingual English/Russian a plus.  Schedule is weekdays 7:00 AM to 3:00 PM, but must work every other weekend 3:00 PM to 11:00 PM, with 2 weekdays off.  Schedule is not negotiable.  Please do not apply if this schedule is not acceptable to you.
126:part-time-job supervising-job hourly-wage	P/T Assistant Manager needed for self storage facility in Vancouver, WA/Portland, OR area  10-20 Hours Weekly  Starting pay is $10.00 per hour    Job Description    Help manage day-to-day operations of the facility.  Greet customers and others in a professional manner.  Wear company required uniform and abide by company dress code at all times.  Show, rent, and clean units.  Perform market surveys as requested by the Corporate Office.  Answer the telephone in a professional manner.  Make collection calls to late tenants.  Process liens when necessary.  Perform daily lock check and patrol facility on a continual basis daily.  Inputs daily all tenant information in relation to walk-in traffic, move-ins, move-out storage unit conditions, etc.  Assists Property Manager in ensuring that all leases and addendums are completed accurately.  Maintains all current and previous tenant files.  Supports the overall marketing efforts and offers input and suggestions in regards to promotions, advertisements, rate increases, etc.  Maintains up-to-date knowledge of market and competitive properties.     Please send Resume(s) & Cover Letter  References & Photos are also accepted
134:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	*Human Resources Manager - Portsmouth, NH Location*  *Company Background:* Headquartered in historic downtown Portsmouth, NH, Q-Centrix is a dynamic, high growth and client centered outsourcing company focused upon providing clinical data abstraction, analysis and reporting services to hospitals throughout the country. We are instrumental in helping our clients collect and report patient care data for purposes of driving improvement in their healthcare process and clinical outcomes. We are the largest and fastest growing provider of quality related outsourcing services in the nation enjoying partnerships with hospitals and healthcare systems of all sizes and types.  *Position Description:* Reporting to the VP of Human Resources and Legal Affairs, this Human Resources team member will be involved with a broad range of human resources activities and responsibilities, with a focus on benefits administration, policy drafting, wage and labor law compliance, employee disciplinary matters, and staffing for on going client needs.   A career path to senior management is available based upon credentials and demonstrated leadership skills. Due to its growth, Q-Centrix has ongoing staffing needs for clinical abstractors throughout the nation. These clinical abstractors are experts in the collection and reporting of federally mandated care process quality data and metrics.   *Primary Responsibilities:* •  Assist in creating/revising HR policies and processes •  Manage employee benefits • Ensures consistency of policy/program interpretation & implementation • Participate in various employment matters, including employee education, grievances and    separations • Ensure compliance with multi state wage and labor law requirements •       Work with Human Resources Team and Client Services division to staff employees in order to meet client needs.  *Required Qualifications:* •  2+ years human resource experience  • Knowledge of principles and practices of human resources management • General knowledge of state and federal employment laws and regulations • Ability to work independently, manage projects, and balance multiple priorities •  Demonstration of strong business acumen, attention to detail and follow up • Able to establish and maintain effective interpersonal relationships with staff at all levels  • Multi-tasker that thrives on goal setting and accountability. • Able to quickly analyze complex issues and develop a response plan •  Willing to “roll up the sleeves”, take initiative and do what is necessary • Excellent verbal and communication skills   *Preferred Qualifications:* •     Experience drafting human resource policies  •     Multi-state HR management experience •     Experience in healthcare field   *Education/Training/Experience Requirements:* • BA/BS degree or equivalent combination of education and HR experience  *To be considered for this opportunity, please provide a resume and compensation history*
138:2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job supervising-job licence-needed	The AIDS Resource Foundation for Children’s / St. Clare’s Home is a well-established program working with medically fragile children in a transitional residential setting.  The St. Clare’s Home located in Neptune, NJ is seeking a Full Time Nurse Administrator to lead a strong and dedicated team.  Responsibilities include maintaining the mission and vision of the program; and overseeing the medical needs, care and well-being of children in residence.     A NJ registered professional nurse license and at least two (2) years experience in providing care to pediatric patients/residents required.  Must have knowledge of infectious disease procedures.    Valid/clean NJ Driver’s License required.    St. Clare’s offers competitive wages, great benefits, and a comfortable, rewarding work environment.  Visit our website at www.example.com to learn more about our mission. ARFC is an EOE.
139:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed salary bs-degree-needed	Corporate Headquarters in Morton Grove seeks an Assistant Manager for its Customer Service Department. You'll be responsible for leading a team of customer service representatives to provide the utmost in service to intelligent, tech-savvy customers who expect and receive exactly what they are looking for while shopping with this children's retail catalog. The Assistant manager will bring technology, innovation and efficiency to the Customer Service Team.  Must enjoy a quirky working environment. Well roundedness and fun loving attitude is appreciated. 5+ yrs. recent experience in Customer Service, sense of teamwork, excellent communication skills, sense of humor, desire to learn and grow and a Bachelor's Degree are all needed.  Salary $55-65,000.  
140:supervising-job	District Manager  Always Money – We Hire Great People!!!! Salary $55,000 - $80,000 + Competitive Performance Based Bonus Structure!!!!  It’s easy to apply, just visit www.example.com to upload your resume and complete the Culture Index Survey!  Position Purpose:  A District Manager is responsible for achieving the district key performance indicators, managing total operations and providing support, motivation and supervision to a group of energetic teams within a pre-determined geographic area.    Accountabilities:  • Manage multiple stores in a manner that will ensure maximum profitability and success. • Control debt and expenses through proper cash management and adherence to all corporate policies. • Ensure compliance of all policies and procedures. • Analyze and measure business trends – develop and implement plans to maximize sales and meet or exceed goals and objectives. • Train and develop staff on all aspects of the business.  • Maintain a working environment free of harassment and other inappropriate behavior. • Work with and maintain effective communications with the corporate support staff.  Position Requirements:  • Results oriented • Proven effective leadership ability • Previous experience with multiple store management (at least 6 stores) • Solid knowledge and understanding of Profit & Loss Statements required • Inventory management/shrinkage control experience preferred • At least 3 years of supervisory or management experience • Solid organizational and communication skills  • Experience with Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook • Small loan or lending experience preferred but not required. • Ability to travel within the district.   Benefits Include: • Competitive Salary plus Monthly Bonus  • Auto Allowance • Phone Allowance • Health, Dental & Vision Insurance  • Paid Holidays  • Paid Time Off
145:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	The Job Coach is conducting a confidential job search for a premiere software development company in Iowa. We are seeking an Application Developer with a desire to mentor other application developers, with 3+ years C# and/or Java experience, ability to create apps and a desire to consult to customers.    Here are some additional details:        * Develop in Java or C#, creating and maintaining database driven software      * Create software design documents for implementation by self and others      * Estimate work efforts and perform to those estimations      * Provide team leadership and mentoring to developers, as needed      * Communicate effectively and appropriately with internal team members and external clients      * Assist with creation of company Processes and Standards, supporting our CMMI initiatives    Sorry, but no Sponsorships are available.    With this company your brilliance will shine, you'll have amazing technology at your fingertips and experience a great company culture.  Here you have an employer that truly values your contributions and the people who work here, come to work because of the technology and teamwork, not just because it's a paycheck.  You'll also benefit greatly from great compensation and benefits, a better quality of life, and a reduced cost of living.    This community has one of the lowest cost of living indexes in America; yet you will have the opportunity to earn just as much as you would in 'the big city'. We're sure you won't miss the traffic... road rage... high crime rates.. long lines everywhere... high mortgages or rent... high gas prices... the list goes on.  Apply today!  
148:salary 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Description  Are you at the top of your field?  Do you want to be recognized for your hard work?  We are seeking an ELITE STAR- a lead HVAC Installer with 3-5 experience in all types of radiant heat, sheet metal fabrication, retro-fits, and control wiring.  Boiler experience preferred! We hire only the best and the brightest.  We are Horizon Services, a dynamic, rapidly-growing HVAC Installation & Service Company and we have been voted by our employees as one of the best places to work in Delaware and Pennsylvania- isn’t it time you found out why?      As the area’s Leading HVAC Company, this is what you will receive:  •Ability to earn the highest wages paid in our industry (base wage combined with an exceptional bonus program) •Incentives, bonuses, & awards  •Full family benefits package available, including medical, dental, vision, company uniforms, life insurance, Long term disability, short term disability, tool fund, truck policy, 401K with company match and much more!  •Paid Vacation Time  •Weekly training with a Nate certified instructor •Great working environment and a superb support staff  •Opportunity for advancement   If you consider yourself to be the Top Installer in the region, please forward your resume.  We will call you immediately.  You won’t be disappointed. Send resume to [Click Here to Email Your Resumé] or fax to  XXX    Requirements•3-5 experience in all types of radiant heat, sheet metal fabrication, retro-fits, and control wiring.   Pre-employment motor vehicle check, drug screening and background check required.
150:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	Manages the clinical monitoring process and the administration of assigned clinical trials within the scope of work, contracted timelines and budget. Supervises CRA’s, on-site monitoring, filing, and clinical trial administration. Oversees adherence to SOPs, Good Clinical Practice and FDA regulations.     Location: Raleigh/Durham NC preferred; East Coast; North Carolina will consider     Duties and Responsibilities:     •Provide management and direction to assigned project team  •Serve as primary contact for sponsor and vendors  •Ensure cooperative and effective communication between project team and sponsor  •Anticipate and resolve project needs  •Assist in development of protocol, CRFs and other study documentation, as needed  •Prepare project timelines and deliver project milestones  •Coordinate identification of qualified investigational sites and negotiate budgets/clinical trial agreements  •Plan and attend project team teleconferences/meetings as needed  •Ensure project team adherence to CPWW and sponsor SOPs and policies  •Attend investigator meetings and provide coordination support, as needed   •Assist in the preparation of dossier submissions as needed  •Ensure completion of all final and interim reports required by the sponsor  •Responsible for maintaining study budget and having a working knowledge of the contract.  •Coordinate development of Trial Master File  •Maintain a working knowledge of all active protocols/projects  Supervisory Responsibilities:     Directly supervises nonsupervisory employees. Carries out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization’s policies and applicable laws. Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring and training employees; planning, assigning and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding and disciplining employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems.    Job Posting Competencies:     To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies to perform the essential functions of this position.     •Analytical—the individual synthesizes complex or diverse information.   •Problem solving—the individual identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner and gathers and analyzes information skillfully.   •Oral communication—the individual speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations, demonstrates group presentation skills and conducts productive meetings.   •Delegation—the individual delegates work assignments, gives authority to work independently, and sets expectations and monitors delegated activities.   •Leadership—the individual inspires and motivates others to perform well, accepts feedback from others.  •Management skills—the individual includes staff in planning, decision-making, facilitating and process improvement; makes self available to staff; provides regular performance feedback; develops subordinates’ skills and encourages growth.   •Quality management—the individual looks for ways to improve and promote quality and demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness.   •Judgment—the individual displays willingness to make decisions, exhibits sound and accurate judgment and makes timely decisions.   •Planning/organizing—the individual prioritizes and plans work activities, uses time efficiently and develops realistic action plans.  •Safety and security—the individual observes safety and security procedures and uses equipment and materials properly.    Qualifications (Education, Experience, Skills)     •BS; MBA degree preferred  •Prefer a healthcare or life science degree; may require a BS, RN, or BSN degree or equivalent  •5 years functional area work experience commensurate responsibilities   •MUST HAVE FLU TRIAL EXPERIENCE- may accept infections disease experience based on experience  •Experience managing US and EU employees  •In depth and complete knowledge of all aspects of functional area.   •Excellent verbal and written communication skills.   •Ability to analyze and solve problems.   •Ability to prioritize and organize. 
154:supervising-job bs-degree-needed	URGENT - immediate need for Commercial Bank Underwriter    **Please note this is NOT a Mortgage Underwriting position.**  This is a Commercial Banking Underwriter position.    Responsible for underwriting business loans (up to total borrower exposure of $2.5MM) within the Wholesale Lending Services division; supports commercial and wealth & investment management lines of business. Reviews credit information to determine quality and sufficiency; makes recommendation for approval or decline. Depending on the size of the credit request, may work with senior credit approval officers. May underwrite loan requests that do not fit into defined risk pools. May act as coach and mentor to others. Incumbent would typically handle complex loans and/or loans of an exceptional basis requiring traditional underwriting. Recommends approval/declines on credits up to and including $1MM. Structures credit and recommends loan terms to credit approval officers. Prepares analysis and preliminary terms for credit approval officer review and approval for deals which involve high levels of unique or complex financial arrangements. Loans over $1MM requires working closely with credit approval officers. Provides higher credit authority review for less experienced underwriters.    Qualifications  Basic Qualifications: 3 years experience with commercial credit analysis AND commercial underwriting required.    Preferred Qualifications: 5+ years of solid Commercial Underwriting experience in a financial institution/production atmosphere highly preferred.  Bachelors degree also preferred.    Experience we are looking for in reviewing resumes:  •       Lending Authority- What limits  •       Ability to analyze Cash flow for Debt services  •       Review of financial statements  •       Knowledge of Key financial ratios, such as AR days on hand, Debt to Worth  •       Experience Underwriting Commercial loan products – Lines of Credit, Term Loans, Commercial Mortgages  •       Ability to analyze loss in the event of default – Collateral validation  •       Any experience Underwriting Not for Profits  •       Any financial software experience – Moody’s Risk Analyst  
157:supervising-job	_Search our complete database of 600+ jobs nationwide at www.example.com _        *LOCAL JOB: Restaurant Executive Kitchen Manager*     Medical Insurance  Dental Insurance  Vision Insurance  Paid Vacation time  401k    *Company Information*  This company is committed to the concept that every dish and meal is true to the culinary traditions and heritage of New Orleans! They are more than a restaurant; it is the family's promise to provide guests with the finest dining experience each and every visit.      *Position Overview*  You will be responsible for ensuring that guests enjoy a pleasurable dining experience through the preparation of menu items. Key responsibilities include food inventory, leading the kitchen team, and maintenance of kitchen equipment.    *Job Requirements:*       Overall responsibility of kitchen operations         Experience in a High Volume Scratch Cook Kitchen         Extensive culinary skills and knowledge of contemporary cuisine as well as classic          technique and previous ala carte restaurant experience         Excellent people management skills used to manage and motivate a diverse employee group on a daily basis with a team effort orientation         Sanitation certification and be able to ensure highest standards of hygiene and sanitation are in use on a daily basis         Ability to train, coach, and develop staff         Must be flexible in work schedule and hours based on operational needs         FOH Management Experience a plus      *Qualifications*  * Demonstrated ability to drive profitable growth while continuously improving customer satisfaction  * Strong leadership skills with proven ability to build relationships with vendors and associates.  * Proven track record in maintaining strong cost controls, and quality standards.  * Prior knowledge with Performance Management  * Prior knowledge with Coaching & Corrective Action  * Training & Professional Development  * College degree preferred but not required      *Why register your resume with Patrice & Associates? * The answer is simple: we have helped thousands of people get jobs and we make the process easy for you – *for FREE*.     *We have over 600 restaurant job openings nationwide and cannot possibly advertise them all. * We have many exclusive restaurant job openings with employers who don’t want to deal with the tsunami of resumes from online ads.      We know where the jobs are, we personally know the decision makers, we know where and when they are interviewing and we can get you immediate interviews! Don’t be part of the stack of hundreds of resumes companies receive daily – register with us for immediate attention from a recruiter!  
158:supervising-job	_Search our complete database of 600+ jobs nationwide at www.example.com _        *LOCAL JOB: Restaurant Assistant Manager*    No late night bar hours -- units close by 9pm every day!    6 new locations in 2010!        •40 locations in Maryland  •Negotiating for expansion in surrounding states for 2011 / 2012  •Operates the largest Wi-Fi wireless network in the country  •5-day work week  •Closes 9pm every night  •No Grease - No Alcohol     *Company Information*  Our client is a quick-casual concept that has ranked #1 on J.D. Power & Associates' annual restaurant satisfaction survey! They are committed to nurturing the success of its employees as much as its committed to nurturing the success of its restaurants. It's a franchisee of a widely respected chain that knows the secret to success does not have to include alcohol and fryers. Their managers consistently rate as being the most happy here than anywhere else!      As the General Manager, you will run the operations of a quick-casual restaurant. You will be expected to aid in the training and development of hourly staff members, use creativity in order to increase sales and build relationships with customers, maintain cleanliness of the restaurant, and other typical managerial duties.      *Responsibilities*    •Schedule employees to meet labor budgets   •Manage food inventory and kitchen operations   •Bar management and portion control   •Financial analysis and forecasting       *Some of their benefits include:*  * 401k  * Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance  * Vacation pay  * Sick pay  * Competitive salaries and bonuses  * Relocation expenses paid for existing managers.  * Ongoing training and development          *Why register your resume with Patrice & Associates? * The answer is simple: we have helped thousands of people get jobs and we make the process easy for you – *for FREE*.     *We have over 600 restaurant job openings nationwide and cannot possibly advertise them all. * We have many exclusive restaurant job openings with employers who don’t want to deal with the tsunami of resumes from online ads.      We know where the jobs are, we personally know the decision makers, we know where and when they are interviewing and we can get you immediate interviews! Don’t be part of the stack of hundreds of resumes companies receive daily – register with us for immediate attention from a recruiter!  
167:2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Job Description  WeddingWire is looking for a creative and organized Product Manager that is familiar with the growing Web 2.0 landscape and desires to contribute in a fast-paced environment.  The Product Manager is responsible for product planning, requirements gathering, and competitive analysis.  This includes prioritizing and documenting product requirements, defining and improving the user experience, and working with the Tech Team to deliver innovative features that support the Company’s overall strategy and goals.    As a Product Manager, you will participate in the entire life-cycle of product development.  Day to day responsibilities will include:  • Work with various departments to create and define new features based on strategic goals.  • Deliver detailed requirements and workflows for new features and enhancements.  This includes feature specifications and wireframes.  • Work with the Design Team to product elegant mockups for new features.  • Drive improvements to the user experience via feedback surveys, usability studies, focus groups, or any other methods deemed appropriate.  • Be an expert on the competition.  Keep up with competitive offerings and provide product enhancements based on competitive analysis.  • Stay knowledgeable about the ever-changing technology landscape, including social media, social networking, and mobile/tablet devices.    Requirements:  • A Bachelor’s Degree is required.  An advanced degree is preferred.  • 3+ years developing consumer-facing websites and applications.  • A great attitude that enjoys working in a close, highly energized, team-oriented environment.  • Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written a MUST.   • Demonstrate self-confidence, energy and enthusiasm.  • Present ideas, expectations and information in a concise, well-organized way.  • Manage time well, correctly prioritizing tasks.  
182:supervising-job	*Business Description*  We are a growth organization that was built from the drive, determination and capabilities of a few dedicated entrepreneurs. The model was to grow the organization internally, and seek out related acquisition opportunities with like-minded entrepreneurs. The model has proven successful, with an organization of over 300 full time employees.  *Position*  As the President, you are the boss, and are running your own business with all the support and infrastructure you need to be successful. We are expanding our footprint into new markets, and require high achieving aquatic professionals with the aptitude and desire to be the boss and create something special.  With a solid base of experience in swimming pool operations, you will automatically be enrolled in our Leadership Development Program.  *Description*  Provide leadership to position the company at the forefront of the industry in your local market. Develop a strategic plan to advance the company's mission and objectives and to promote revenue, profitability and growth as an organization. Oversee company operations to insure production efficiency, quality, service, and cost-effective management of resources  *Responsibilities and Duties*  • Develop a strategic plan to advance the company's mission and objectives and to promote revenue, profitability, and growth as an organization. • Oversee company operations to insure production efficiency, quality, service, and cost-effective management of resources. • Plan, develop, and implement strategies for generating resources and/or revenues for the company. • Adhere to company operational procedures, policies, and standards. • Review activity reports and financial statements to determine progress and status in attaining objectives and revise objectives and plans in accordance with current conditions. • Evaluate performance of employees for compliance with established policies and objectives of the company and contributions in attaining objectives. • Promote the company through written articles • Promote the company to local and regional constituencies. • Oversee foreign operations to include evaluating operating and financial performance. • Other duties as assigned.  *Experience and Skills*  • Swimming Pool industry knowledge is an asset (must be willing to take on prerequisite role to skill up in the industry) • Deep understanding of sales • Passion for delivering exceptional customer service • Experience in strategic planning and execution.  • Knowledge of contracting, negotiating,  • Skill in examining and re-engineering operations and procedures.  • Ability to develop financial plans and manage resources.  • Ability to analyze and interpret financial data.  • Ability to develop and deliver presentations. • Work requires professional written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills.  • Ability to motivate teams and simultaneously manage several projects.  *Working Conditions*  • Work requires willingness to work a flexible schedule • Work may require frequent weekend and evening work. Work may require overnight travel.  *Compensation*  • No up-front investment required • $50,000 +++ • Lucrative bonus program  The money you can make depends entirely on how much effort you put into your business.  The rewards can be big, but it doesn’t come easy, and there are no guarantees.  Like any entrepreneurial venture, managing your own business comes with successes and failures.  If you are looking for a regular old desk job, this might not be right for you.  If you know you can work hard, put in the effort, and be accountable to your commitments, we may be right for you.  You can count on our training program and ongoing support to help you through the successes and hard times.  We will coach and mentor you every step of the way!  *Benefits* • Other insurance programs available - Dental, Short Term Disability, Long Term Disability, Aflac programs, and a 401(k) with company match.
190:part-time-job bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Supply Chain Systems Analysis & Support     The Analyst will become an expert in Synapse WMS and closely related systems & tools. Analyst will be responsible for setup of new customers in Synapse and related systems.  Analyst will be responsible for ongoing configuration changes in Synapse and related systems to support changing customer requirements. Analyst will provide day to day support, coaching, and training to internal Synapse users & customers.  Analyst will work with customers and internal users to develop new and improve existing Crystal Reports.  Analyst will work with new and existing customers to support custom label development as needed.  Analyst will become a primary expert in the ProShip Parcel Shipping system and related shipping standards provided by the major parcel carriers.    The Analyst will be responsible for day to day operations of all Electronic Interfacing activities, including but not limited to, EDI, XML, and Flat File transfers between various business partners.  Analyst will be responsible for implementing new transaction sets and updating existing as business demands require.  Analyst will be required to adequately document all existing and new EI activities.  Analyst will be required to monitor logs and develop reports to ensure that EI transactions are completed successfully.    In addition, All IT department members are equally responsible for level 1 tech support of basic systems (non-WMS) issues, and will be expected to escalate internally or to outside resources as required.  IT department members are expected to participated in special projects, outside the scope of their normal position, as needed.    Essential Responsibilities Of The Position    *Works conjunctly with warehouse employees to investigate/examine needs, issues, and concerns about current and future warehouse processes.    *Become an Operational Subject Matter Expert of Synapse working hand in hand with both operations and Information Systems.    *Works in conjunction with Information Technology management to manage systemic improvements as they occur.    *Assist with applying business process improvement practices to re-engineer methodologies/principles and business process modernization projects.    *Assists with the development and application of organization-wide information models for use in designing and building integrated systems.    *Develop and maintain proper documentation of systems configuration and changes.    *Develop skills to utilize current reporting software.    *Responsible for ensuring smooth day to day operation of Electronic Interfaces with various business partners.    *Responsible for implementing new and changing existing Electronic Interfaces with business partners.    Essential Knowledge Areas    *Direct experience supporting a Warehouse Management Systems (WMS) package, or a Tier 1 ERP system with an advanced WMS module.    *Direct Experience in a industry with a strongly regulated or complex supply chain (Retail, Grocery, Medical, Automotive, etc.).    *Experience in implementing and supporting EDI for multiple customers and trading partners.    *Strong SQL Skills, Oracle Platform Preferred.    *Visual Basic &/or VB.NET     *Crystal Reports Experience    *Strong hands on knowledge of supporting Supply Chain technologies UPC/GTINs, GS/UCC128 Labeling, VICS Bills of Lading.    *Strong computer skills. WMS, MS Excel, MS Word, MS Access, Visio, Autocad.    *Knowledge of data reporting tools and techniques strongly desired, but not required.  Examples include SSRS, Crystal Reports, Business Objects, Cognos, MicroStrategy, FrX.    *Knowledge of Electronic Interfacing methods (EDI, XML, Flat File, etc.) and related transport methods (EDI VAN, AS2, FTP, etc.).    *Add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals.     *Bilingual Spanish/English skills a plus.    Essential Traits    *Seasoned self-starter, a thorough yet quick thinker.    *Effective oral and written communication skills at all levels.    *Proven ability to communicate and interact in a professional manner with customers and    employees.    *Possess a high attention to detail to detect discrepancies on records or reports.    *Have the ability to listen for hidden messages to obtain information from customers and warehouse staff.    *Be punctual, is concerned about attendance, and attentiveness. Meets commitments, accepts responsibility, and stays focused under pressure. Adheres to established guidelines and rules of the organization.    *Follow up and follow through on commitments made.    Key Results    Performing the responsibilities of the position will successfully achieve the ISO objectives to    *Improve productivity    *Increase warehouse revenue to labor cost ratio    *Maintain Ship accuracy    *Increase Revenue    Qualifications    The Analyst must be a highly motivated self- starter that has demonstrated the ability to meet deadlines most of which are driven by the customer.  As such, reliability and follow-through are required.  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills are necessary along with having strong analytical skills with an ability to present views in a convincing, creative, clear and impactful manner - both written and orally.    This position requires a background in Supply Chain management, Finance, and Business Management. The OI Specialist relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals and possess the demeanor and patience to work with anyone across all levels of the organization. Proficiency in Excel, Word and PowerPoint is necessary.    Physical Requirements    The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential duties of this job.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  While performing the duties of this job, the employee must:     *Regularly sit, and use hands to finger, handle or feel or to talk or hear.      *Stand for long lengths of time; walk the length and width of the warehouse; and stoop, kneel or crouch to process product.    *Climb and/or balance.     *Occasionally lift and/or move more than fifty pounds.     *Ability to safely operate heavy warehouse machinery.     Work Environment    The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential duties of this job.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.       * The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate to loud.    * The temperature in the work environment can vary from extreme heat to extreme cold in the elements of rain and snow.    Education/Experience    The minimum education and experience requirement for this is a Bachelors degree in Business Management, Supply Chain Management, Information Technology, or similar subject area. Relative experience in a logistics setting is preferred.    To be successful in this job, an individual must be able to perform each responsibility, have required knowledge and possess the traits listed in this document.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions.  
195:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed salary	JOB POSITION:  Dietary Service Supervisor       HISTORY:    Healthcare Services Group, Inc. founded in 1977 is the nation’s leading provider of Support Services that include Dietary/Nutritional Management for the long-term care industry. We provide our professional management services to Nursing Facilities, Rehabilitation Facilities, Hospitals and Retirement Centers.     GROWTH:   Healthcare Services Group has been recognized by FORBES Magazine as one of the “Fastest Growing Businesses in America.”   Healthcare Services Group, Inc. continues to grow at a rate of 5% each year, currently providing professional management services to over 2,300 Facilities in 47 states nationwide and in Canada.     OPPORTUNITY:   Healthcare Services Group, Inc. is committed to promotion from within. We believe there is no substitute for learning the business \"from the ground up\". We reward those individuals, who have dedicated the time to learn our culture and business practices, with truly unlimited promotional opportunities.     A BRIGHT FUTURE:   Healthcare Services Group, Inc. has several levels of management throughout our company, which allows different career paths.   • Account Managers/ Registered Dietitians   • Training Managers/ District Dietitians   • District Managers/ Regional Dietitians   • Regional Managers   • Regional Sales Directors   The key to our client retention rate and orderly geographic expansion has been our ability to assemble the finest group of managers in the industry. Clients receive daily support from on-site management and are also actively supported by the company’s District Manager. The development of experienced management back-up is reassuring to owners and administrators.           RESPONSIBILITIES:   As an ACCOUNT MANAGER (FOOD SERVICE DIRECTOR) for Healthcare Services Group, Inc. some of your responsibilities will include:   • Supervises the food preparation and service for resident meals according to established menus and standardized recipes.   • Insures food is prepared by methods that conserve nutritive value, is palatable and attractive to residents and of a quality that is acceptable to the resident.   • Insures that sanitation and safety standards are maintained above levels that are acceptable according to State and Federal regulations.   • Clinical data collection for new admissions, quarterly and annual reports.   • Managing a staff of 10-30 employees.   • Develops, writes and schedules all dietary employees' work schedules.   • Daily payroll, scheduling and management of your budgets.   • Purchases food and supplies according to the facility menu and within the budgetary guidelines established by Healthcare Services Group, Inc. and/or the Healthcare Facility. Maintains all cost records established by Healthcare Services Group, Inc. and/or the Healthcare Facility administration.   • Interviews, hires and orients dietary staff for the dietary department.   • Acting as a liaison between the facility and Healthcare Services Group, Inc.   • Promotional marketing of Healthcare Services Group, Inc.     BENEFITS:   With performance-based promotional opportunities, you have the flexibility to chart your own professional course.     COMPETITIVE SALARY PROFESSIONAL TRAINING:   Comprehensive benefit package includes health, dental, life, disability, 401k, stock purchase plan and awarding stock options.     REQUIRMENTS:   CandidateMUST be a CDM, DSS, or have a Bachelor of Science in Nutrition or related field, Culinary Degree, or Military Foodservice background.  2+ years experience required  
201:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job	*Job Summary:*  This position is responsible for the direct supervision of the Operations Accounting Local Counsel Group.  This group administers payments including incoming remits, account adjustments and commission settlements for network offices not using the SquareTwo Financial proprietary operating system.  This team consists of up to six full time hourly employees.  In addition to day-to day supervision responsibilities, this position is responsible for brainstorming, evaluating and implementing process and technology improvements.  This position is responsible for understanding, reviewing and reporting cost metrics associated various departmental processes.  The position involves volumes, complexities and staffing issues associated with a large company.   *Essential Functions:*  • Assign and delegate work tasks; • Monitor workload and workflow to accomplish all work requirements to meet or exceed established deadlines and standards; • Suggest, evaluate and implement process and technology enhancements to improve efficiency and reduce costs while maintaining the necessary level of internal control; • Review and report cost metrics associated with various departmental and cross functional tasks and work activities; • Oversee activities of other Operations Accounting Groups as required.  Lead and coordinate activities within and across groups; • Monitor and review work to ensure compliance with Company/Operations Accounting Policies and Procedures; • Identify decision, escalate and act as department representative to resolve daily issues by utilizing departmental and other Company resources as needed; • Work with Local Counsel Offices and other external partners to resolve outstanding issues and provide high level of customer service; • Work with Director Operations Accounting in hiring, training, evaluating, coaching and disciplining employees; • Complete and revise departmental written procedures as required;   *Education and Experience:*  • High School diploma or GED required; • College level courses and/or degree desired but not required; • Over one year of supervisory experience desired; • Three or more years of accounting, cash application experience required;  *Skills Required:*  • Strong Critical thinking skills in evaluating methods and developing ideas to streamline activities; • Strong communication and problem solving skills; • Ability to assign tasks, monitor team workload and employee performance; • Working knowledge of Microsoft Excel and Word; • Ability to prioritize workload and multi-task;   We recognize that confident people, with the right skills and proactive ideas, will enable us to continue our success.  If you want to join our SquareTwo Financial team and you feel that you meet these requirements noted above, please submit your resume for our review.    SquareTwo Financial is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
202:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	JONES-BLAIR Company is a fully integrated research, manufacturing and marketing organization headquartered in Dallas, Texas.  We consist of two divisions: (1) JONES-BLAIR High Performance Coatings for industrial OEM, maintenance applications and corporate re-imaging coatings, and (2) NEOGARD surface-applied waterproofing, seamless epoxy flooring, elastomeric roofing and wall coating systems.  We are currently recruiting for a Industrial Sales Manager for Houston, Texas.   Ideal candidate will have a minimum of 2-5 years sales experience in the coatings industry.    Strong sales and technical abilities a must.  Competitive compensation package.           Position Requrements:  1. EDUCATION: 4-Year College Degree preferred.   2. EXPERIENCE: 3 years working knowledge of paint or coatings. 2-3 years experience with coatings sales.  3. BASIC SKILLS: Presentation Selling and Relationship Building Negotiation  Microsoft Office Applications   4.PLANNING, ANALYSIS, PROBLEM SOLVING, CREATIVE THINKING Website Management Distributor Management Time Management Project Management   Jones-Blair Company is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. Our comprehensive benefits package for fulltime employees including medical, dental, vision, HSA, life insurance, short term/long term disability insurance, paid holidays, PTO, and 401K with employer match. Jones-Blair Company maintains a drug-free workplace.     
203:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed hourly-wage	IT Project Manager - Command and Control Center    Immediate Start:     Job Location:  Hanover, MD  Pay:  1099 Independent Contractor $35-50/hr (commensurate with exp)    Must meet the basic qualifications and be available to interview this week.    The role of the Command and Control Center (CCC) Shift Project Manager is to:   • monitor the execution of IT cutover projects  • Coordinate top level support functions to triage and take decisions as issues that affect functionality, and/or schedule deadlines. This includes coordinating the efforts of team members and third-party contractors or consultants in order to execute cutover projects according to plan.   • Serve as a primary interface in the communication of milestone status, dashboard reporting and issue escalation as required.  •facilitate calls such as shift hand-off, sunrise and sunset calls    Strategy & Oversight  • Oversee the activity for a Command and Control Center (CCC) during a shift    • Analyze, decide, and take action on issues escalated to the CCC  • Effectively communicate project status to Tower Leads, Value Center Leads, CCC lead and other stakeholders in a timely and clear fashion.  • Facilitate and coordinate 1st level liaisons with EIS, Apps, FSS, other IT/SS functions as well as VC/site leadership  • Continually manage project expectations with team members and other stakeholders.  • Track project milestones and deliverables.    Operational Management  • Run and coordinate daily shift handoff calls.  • Manage integrated cutover project plans and associated communications documents.   • Delegate tasks and responsibilities with support personnel.  • Provide status reports in support of daily sunrise/sunset meetings  • Follow issues raised to the CCC to resolution by working with / coordinating the appropriate support.  • Monitor and manage (as required) project dependencies and critical path.  • Escalate change requests to the overall CCC lead  • Provide daily updates to overall CCC lead as required on escalated issues  • Manage project support members to ensure that status reporting issue logs, and other documentation is accurately maintained.  • Compile status reports and maintain issue logs/tracking    Position Requirements    Formal Education & Certification  • Bachelors degree required; Masters degree preferred    Knowledge & Experience  • Minimum 4 years direct work experience in a project management capacity, including all aspects of process development and execution.  • Strong familiarity with IT project management  • Technically competent with various technologies     Personal Attributes  • Experience at working both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment is essential.  • Can conform to shifting priorities, demands and timelines through analytical and problem-solving capabilities.  • Flexible during times of change.  • Ability to elicit cooperation from a wide variety of sources, including upper management, and other departments.  •Strong written and oral communication skills.  • Strong interpersonal skills.  •Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment is crucial.    Other Conditions  • Flexible work patterns to support a 24/7 operation   • Overtime may be required in meet project deadlines.  • Physically able to participate in presentations and meetings.    
205:salary ms-or-phd-needed supervising-job full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Fresenius Vascular Care, a state of the art medical group, has an excellent career opportunity as the Regional Director in our MidWest Region based in the Greater Chicago area and covering the states of Illinois, Michigan, Missouri, Kentucky and Texas.  This individual will coordinate and direct the technical and clinical functions of centers assigned. Provides regional leadership for clinical management, setting direction and aligning priorities to achieve target outcomes. Responsible for overseeing the daily operations and serves as an administrative liaison between the centers, Fresenius Vascular Care, and the community it serves.         Qualifications we seek:    Education:  Master’s in Business or Equivalent Healthcare Masters required.    Experience:   • Five or more years Ambulatory Surgical Center/Outpatient Clinic experience required.    • Multi-site management experience required.   • Five or more years leadership/operations experience required   • Bi-lingual English/Spanish preferred  • Associate must be willing to travel minimum of 75% of time including overnight stays      Required Competencies:  • Ability to build the infrastructure and lead operations for areas of clinical care management.  • Strength in Change Leadership: demonstrate visionary leadership in helping to drive and sustain shared accountability through the continuum of clinical care.   • Effectively balance the degree of leadership influence versus control in his/her ability, to both build the case for and drive organizational change.   • A leader who partners with and influences others, guiding the team through ambiguity towards consensus and action-oriented decisions.  • Collaboration and Relationship Building Skills: In response to the significant competitive environment.   • Embrace the opportunity to build collaborative relationships between physicians and teams, bringing together disparate objectives towards a common vision.   • Successful in building relationships with his/her physician and staff colleagues by quickly establishing credibility as a well-respected and highly credible leader.  • Leverage strong listening skills, business partnering skills and the ability to quickly adapt to, be accepted by, and relate to the organization and its various internal and external constituents.    Required Leadership Attributes:  • Leadership expertise in providing a vision for what has to be done, winning the support to execute the vision and managing to achieve established business objectives.  • A thought leader who can build consensus and a shared perspective from a series of individually focused people and departments.  • An executive presence with skills in persuasively presenting innovative points to convince audiences to adopt a different course of action or to take ownership of newly introduced strategic initiatives.  • A builder of trust through strong interpersonal skills, the ability to establish credibility quickly, and a believer in the importance of relationships.  • A courageous leader who has vision and “fire in his/her gut” to impact the future of FVC, in terms of both quality and costs.  • A hands-on natural leader, advisor, and strategist with the demeanor, business maturity, intellect, and integrity required to establish immediate credibility.      We offer Competitive Salaries with Bonus potential and great benefits.   For immediate and confidential consideration, please contact David Westerman at Fresenius Vascular Care  XXX   No Agencies please to apply goto www.example.com 
211:supervising-job salary 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	Company:    EntryPoint is an SAP Gold Partner that was recently selected as one of only three Strategic Value-Add Resellers (VARs) in North America and we are aggressively growing our established consulting team to serve our expanding middle-market and F500 Divisional client base.  This recent Strategic VAR partnership is further proof of our recognized and respected long-standing relationship with SAP backed by strong client work.  Isn’t it time you also take a look at what EntryPoint has to offer?  If you are looking for a progressive, growing company that will leverage your expertise, value your contribution, help you grow your skills and provide work/life balance, you may have found it.  If you want to be challenged, have fun and work in a great team environment, then apply now and join one of the fastest growing SAP consulting teams in the U.S.     Senior SAP CRM Sales Consultant      EntryPoint Consulting is seeking a strong SAP CRM Sales Functional consultant to be an integral part of our SAP CRM Consulting Team. Experience in manufacturing or wholesale distribution is desired with competency in Sales (Performance Management, Accounts and Contact, Opportunity Management, Quotation and Order Management) Marketing (Campaign and Lead Management) and CRM Interactive Reporting.       Required Skills:    We seek experienced consultants having expertise in some of these areas:    -   Implementing SAP Sales Force Automation (SFA) as part of SAP CRM (must be Version 5.0 or greater);   -   Experience with CRM 7.0 a big plus;  -   Experience performing SAP CRM configuration: Sales (Performance Management, Accounts and Contact, Opportunity Management, Quotation and Order Management) Marketing (Segmentation, Campaign and Lead Management);  -   Full Life Cycle implementations of SAP CRM: Gap Analysis, Blueprinting and Realization;  -   Knowledge in the overall Sales process; business process analysis and redesign experience.  Knowledge of Customer Service, Marketing, and/or Interaction Center a plus but not essential;  -    Good consulting skills with an ability to analyze clients' business requirements and map them to best practices as embodied in SAP CRM, especially its Sales Methodology components;  -   Strong analytical capabilities; and  -   Ability to analyze business problems from both a qualitative and quantitative perspective.      Responsibilities:    -    Design, configuration, and testing of an online SAP CRM SFA system;  -    Team lead for CRM effort from implementation through production go-live;  -    Member of the EntryPoint SAP CRM team implementing SAP CRM Sales/SFA Solutions;  -    Lay the foundation for subsequent phases including expansion to E-Commerce, and Marketing      Preferred Background:    The successful candidate must possess and be able to demonstrate:    -   Verifiable subject matter and solution expertise - generally viewed as the \"go-to\" person on a project - acknowledged subject matter expert.  -   Terrific \"soft skills\" leveraged across clients' technical, project and business personnel.  -   Minimum of 5-6 years of professional experience (consulting, software/system implementation industry expertise).  -   Energy, enthusiasm and positive spirit - confident without arrogance.  -   Entrepreneurial spirit - will do what it takes to get the job done.  -   High level of commitment to follow-up and client success:  never let a commitment slip.  -   Desire to share expertise with team members and the client.  -   Bachelor's degree in a technical or business area.  (MBA a big plus)  -   US Citizen      Compensation & Benefits:    Compensation packages include competitive base salaries and an above-average performance incentive plan for top performers based on client satisfaction/loyalty, individual contributions to Practice growth and utilization.    Our Spectrum of Benefits is geared toward giving our employees the flexibility they need, and we offer the following to all employees:    -   Comprehensive national Medical Plan with low individual contributions  -   Comprehensive national Dental Plan with low individual contributions  -   Comprehensive national Vision Service Plan with low individual contributions  -   Term Life Insurance  -   Competitive vacation/holiday program  -   401(k) Plan  -   ... and a chance to make a difference!      
213:5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job bs-degree-needed salary supervising-job	American Power Systems, a world leader in OEM and military motive power manufacturing is seeking an individual capable of assuming the position of Director of Operations. Due to increasing demand of our products and services world-wide we must expand our management of program coverage of our generator and power supplies division.   \"GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES\":  Responsible for working with key American Power Systems OEM and Military Program managers to manage the program, product development, supply chain and production of our high performance power systems. Director of Operations would work with our existing staff to expand our coverage of product specification and distribution to meet goals and revenues and to market services such as reboxing and engineering design to key OEMs and worldwide accounts. Director of Operations (DO) would measure such performance and manage operations of key accounts and OEMs throughout the world for American Power Systems.  DO is tasked with also developing new accounts on a worldside basis to maintain APS dominance in power generation for OEM and worldwide accounts. This position’s duties will include working with application engineering, new product development and marketing teams, specific targeting key OEM, armoring and upfitting companies to insure APS dominance is mainatined in the world marketplace.   \"SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES\":  •Sets quantifiable goals and targets for all direct reports and departments.  •Work directly with National Sales Manager for targeting and tracking accounts such as NAVISTAR and AMG.  •Work directly with Program Managers for government and military accounts worldwide such as USDoS, BAE Systems SOCOM and DoD.   •Ensures that the NSM and PM area of responsibilty achieves sales goals by working with existing world wide accounts.  •Facilitates the development of effective training programs for managers to meet objectives. •Facilitates the development of new products and new key business alliances in product development.  •Ensures each department achieves channel profiability, as goals set with each department at beginning of year. •Ensures OEM and uparmored vehicle manufacturers have the proper collateral material and tools to effectively reach their production goals. •Maintains product inquiries and provides appropriate quotations and information to manage the business, meet objectives and maximize efficiency.  •Tracks competitor offerings for each market served and ensures the information is accurate and up-to-date. •Performs other duties as assigned or required.   \"PREFERRED EXPERIENCE/SKILLS\":  •Bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering, sales/marketing, accounting or related field.  •Master’s degree in electrical engineering, sales/marketing, accounting or related field.  •Five years in operations management or direct employment by a key military OEM.  •Accounting course work and the ability to read financial statements required. •Valid security clearance, or ability to obtain security clearance. •Must possess excellent written and oral communication skills.  •Knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, Microsoft Web Expressions and other office programs.  •Ability to work in an ever-changing, fast-paced work environment  •Ability to travel throughout the world a minimum of 15% of the time  •Valid driver’s license with satisfactory driving record.  \"COMPENSATION\" Base Salary of $95,000 Bonus based on program profitability, sliding scale. Estimated program volume $5,000,000 Health Insurance Option Expense Report Reimbursement Company Cell  American Power Systems is an equal opportunity employer  When submitting your resume please submit in Word or PDF.  www.example.com 
219:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	The International Rescue Committee (IRC) responds to the world’s worst humanitarian crises and helps people to survive and rebuild their lives. Founded in 1933 at the request of Albert Einstein, the IRC offers lifesaving care and life-changing assistance to refugees forced to flee from war or disaster. At work today in over 40 countries and 22 U.S. cities, we restore safety, dignity and hope to millions who are uprooted and struggling to endure. The IRC leads the way from harm to home.  Domestically, 22 offices across three regions ensure newly arrived refugees have food, shelter, and clothing, and work to help the newcomers gain self-sufficiency through English language classes, job training and placement services, and community participation activities.  The US Programs Department provides guidance and oversight for the domestic offices.  SCOPE OF WORK:  We’re looking for a training professional who wants to work for a nonprofit humanitarian organization. The Training Coordinator is a hands-on documentation and training role with primary responsibility for training regional office staff on IRIS, the IRC’s new refugee resettlement software. This position reports to the Program Officer – Communications/IT in US Programs, and has a dotted line to the Senior Technical Advisor, Learning & Strategy.   RESPONSIBILITIES:   • Lead all aspects of the development and rollout of IRIS (the IRC’s new refugee resettlement software) training across the United States • Become an expert on IRIS and its usage in the IRC context, and be able to articulate its benefits • Collaborate with stakeholders on the creation of training syllabi, help documentation, and eLearning resources • Implement a sustainable training plan and appropriate resources for self-guided ongoing user training • Conduct in-person and web-based super-user and end-user trainings (some domestic travel may be required) • Coordinate trainings with 22 US offices • Collaborate with stakeholders and IT project manager to document business process changes • Provide support for all offices as they go live on the new system in October 2012 • Schedule post-launch follow-up training sessions with super users   QUALIFICATIONS:  • Bachelor’s degree (training, instructional design, HR or related field preferred) • Minimum 2 years of professional staff training experience, preferably in a distance learning environment  • Proven ability to develop training curricula, help documentation • Experience with webinar software, preferably Blackboard Collaborate or Elluminate • Top-notch writing, editing, and presentation skills • Experience with eLearning content creation software, particularly Articulate and Captivate, preferred • Database application knowledge preferred • Proficiency with the MS Office suite • Familiarity with intranets and learning management systems • Ability to work independently and meet deadlines in a fast-paced, detail-oriented environment  • Fast learner, creative problem solver • Ability to travel domestically on a very limited basis • Excellent interpersonal and communication skills: ability to effectively liaise with colleagues on all levels in a multicultural environment   Big Plus: • Familiarity with the US refugee resettlement process, case management in a social services context, Immigration and Refugee Information System (IRIS) refugee resettlement software, and/or IRC’s Refugee Resettlement System (RRS) software a strong advantage  Please apply at: www.example.com 
227:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	The Benefits Coordinator provides high-level customer service, including in-depth benefits problem-solving support to Human Resources Staff, Employees, and Managers on all benefits plans, including health, dental, disability, life, and retirement.  The Benefits Coordinator responds to a large number of employee inquiries in person, by phone, and via email, providing guidance and assistance. This position ensures transactions are processed accurately and in a timely manner for assigned plans. This position also audits data, works with third party administrators, and the internal Payroll and Human Resources departments on a regular basis. This position works on special projects as assigned.  Responsibilities: •Administer employee benefit plans including health, dental, life and disability insurance, as well as retirement, COBRA and other plans which includes the reconciliation of monthly invoices •Coordinates all activities associated with new employee on-boarding, open enrollment, including educational meetings •Ensures that benefit information and deduction amounts are accurately entered in the HRIS and carrier systems • Assists with benefit audits; liaison with Accounting Department for benefit-related needs • Ensures that all 401(k) contribution/loans changes and feeds are timely and accurate • Resolves Administrative problems with the carrier representatives • Assist with the timely filing/distribution of SAR's, 5500's, plan amendments, and benefit related notices. • Coordination of internal and external audits associated with benefits. • Schedule and recordkeeping for all 401 (k) Plan Committee Meetings. • Assist with Leave of Absence Administration and other HR related duties as required  JOB QUALIFICATIONS: • Minimum of 2 years of benefits administration/HR administration experience. • Strong project management skills and ability to work independently • Outstanding communication skills - both verbal and written • Ability to multi-task day to day work with larger, long-term projects • Strong Microsoft Office skills, specifically Word and Excel • Bilingual – English/Spanish  Preferred: Experience with Benetrac/Paychex  Please note that this is a summary of duties for this position. It is by no means an all-inclusive list but rather a broad guide to expected duties. It is neither complete nor permanent and may be modified at any time.
233:supervising-job licence-needed full-time-job	Responsible for the overall supervision of the nursing home  Responsible for other duties as assigned  Current R.N.  Geriatric experience  Supervisory experience  CPR certification  Full Time  Competitive wages & benefits
236:2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Position Summary:   The International Client Accounting Services Manager is responsible for coordinating and managing the day-to-day activities of assigned client engagements.  This pivotal role is the central point of contact between HSPs’ Account Management team, the client (which includes working with all levels of management within the client organization), and overseas local service providers (“LSP”), working closely with each group to ensure adherence to standard processes and quality assurance.  This position will coordinate, manage, and review work provided by the LSPs (such as payroll, accounting, bookkeeping, cash management, and monthly financial packages) to ensure seamless and timely delivery of quality services to the client.  This position reports to the Manager of Recurring Services.     Responsibilities:  • Review engagement documents to gain an understanding of a client’s overseas operations requirements and  the overall scope and terms of an engagement;    • Manage quality and smooth delivery of services by ensuring information provided by the client is complete prior to sending to LSP, and review for accuracy all work returned or initiated by the LSP prior to sending to the client;   • Coordinate between the client and LSP on all funding of international accounts for each engagement, ensuring balances in the accounts are sufficient for the monthly cash needs to operate the entity (i.e. payroll, employee expenses, taxes, vendor payments, etc);  • Work closely with LSPs to ensure quality and timely delivery of services such as in-country payroll, bookkeeping, and cash management services such as net payroll, payroll taxes, employee expense reimbursements, and other supplier invoices;  • Coordinate and oversee international payroll and A/P payments processed by LSPs.  Ensure timely submission of any changes to payroll by the client, and review and submit the payroll information to LSPs for processing, and review the final draft before payroll is processed for the client;  • Interface with client, LSPs and US based account relationship management team to address outstanding accounting issues related to monthly operations;  • Review monthly intercompany accounting reflecting the client’s headquarters and its overseas operations.  Ensure accuracy and submit to client with monthly reporting package;  • Oversee bookkeeping management services provided by in-country LSP;  • Review the monthly financial reporting packages produced by LSPs to ensure completion, accuracy, consistency and quality prior to submitting package to the client for consolidation.  (Monthly financial reporting packages include a Balance Sheet, Profit & Loss / Income Statement, Trial Balance, General Ledger detail, Fixed Asset Register, Balance Sheet Reconciliations, and monthly Intercompany Service invoice);   • Coordinate activities related to completion and filing of in-country VAT (or equivalent) returns;    • Coordinate funding of the entity, and oversee all accurate processing of transactions within client bank  account(s) (inter-company wire transfers, etc);    Education/ Skills/Experience:  • BS or BA degree in Accounting, Finance or equivalent;  • 3-5+ years in corporate accounting, participating in month-end close activities, responsibilities including balance sheet reconciliations, journal entries, bank reconciliations, and preparation and/or review of corporate financial statements, or/and 3-5+ in public accounting conducting corporate financial audits is preferred;   • Exposure to intercompany accounts is a plus.  Experience supporting finance and accounting requirements for non-US operations, including consolidations and FAS 52 compliance experience, also a plus;  • Solid understanding of US GAAP accounting requirements;  • Must be able to self-direct, work well in a fast paced team environment and consistently meet deadlines;  • Candidates must possess excellent interpersonal skills, with an ability to quickly build rapport and establish trust and understanding with others;  • Experience interacting with employees at all levels throughout a company is necessary;      • Strong project management and organizational skills are required.   An ability to successfully manage multiple, complex projects and be able to identify and work with details and ensure follow-up and completion, is a must in our fast paced environment;  • Candidates must be experienced in managing work to strict and specific deadlines, and be able to deliver quality work within set timelines;  • Outstanding written, verbal and listening skills are required.  The ability to understand what is communicated orally and an urgency to resolve issues quickly and appropriately is a must;  • Advanced Excel skills (macros, pivot tables, etc.) are required.  Proficiency in MS Word and Outlook is required.  Some experience with ERP systems (e.g. Maconomy), or web-based portal applications (e.g. SharePoint), is  a plus;   • Foreign language skills, cross-cultural competence and awareness a plus;    ABOUT US  High Street Partners, Inc. (“HSP”) is a privately held, venture backed international business services firm.  We provide a range of cross-border services to companies with existing operations overseas or cross-border expansion plans, and assist them with the implementation and ongoing management of international subsidiaries and other entities.  HSP provides a single source for the implementation and ongoing management of international subsidiaries and other entities, including set-up, payroll, accounting, tax compliance, advisory and HR localization services.      Why HSP?  As an International Client Accounting Services Manager at HSP, you can be confident that you represent a RECOGNIZED LEADER in international business services.  Since 2004, HSP has helped the most progressive companies and organizations capitalize on their global expansion opportunities.  Our proprietary solution, HSP OverseasDirect®, simplifies international operations for Finance executives so they can focus on strategic imperatives and gain greater control.     HSP has EARNED A NUMBER OF AWARDS related to its leading presence and rapid expansion in the emerging international business services industry.  Our continued success is due to relentless innovation around our unique delivery model and core set of services, and an unwavering commitment to quality and excellent client satisfaction.   Our Core Values of Respect, Entrepreneurship, Diversity, Accountability, Quality, and Service has enabled us to create a culture that fosters teamwork, collaboration, information sharing and learning, creativity, and a friendly, sociable work environment.      HSP offers employees competitive benefits and compensation, including participation in a rewarding Employee Stock Option Plan.  If you would like to learn more about HSP, please visit us at www.example.com.    High Street Partners, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  
237:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Bandwidth is a nationwide supplier of voice and data communication services to  small and medium sized businesses. As a complete business communications  provider, we offer IP voice (VoIP), hosted VoIP, data and managed network services,  powered by our nationwide, 100% IP voice network.      Job Summary: Lead integrated marketing function, including brand strategy, public relations, lead generation and online advertising to acquire U.S.-based small and medium business customers for newly emergent mobile business unit. Position, message and promote mobile phones, applications and wireless services to minimize cost per acquisition, maximize conversion, drive cross-selling and continually improve return on advertising spend.    Specific Responsibilities:  Create and maintain online media campaigns to achieve subscriber acquisition targets within monthly budget across all acquisition channels, including search engine marketing (SEM), search engine optimization (SEO), affiliate marketing, email marketing, display advertising, social media acquisition.  Ensure through tracking, measurement and analysis of cost per acquisition (CPA) and CPA to lifetime customer value (LTV) ratio. Continually study key metrics to optimize media placement, campaign implementation and sales funnel yield.  Devise programs and supporting procedures to support cross-selling of mobile business unit products and services by other Bandwidth BUs (i.e. Voice, Data and Wholesale). Collaborate with functional peers across the company to maximize collective opportunity.  Evolve and maintain phoneboothmobile.com website, social networking presence and other online properties to achieve mobile subscriber acquisition goals.  Define and implement creative promotions and public relations tactics to support subscriber acquisition goals. Manage existing PR agency relationship within monthly budget.  Manage cross-functional team of several direct report employees, third party vendors as needed and centralized/matrixed in-house experts to achieve business unit marketing objectives. Ensure proper training and career development for marketing employees.    Requirements  Bachelor's degree is required.  Minimum of 6+years total marketing work experience, 2+ which in the specific field of online lead generation, subscriber acquisition or (client side) online advertising.  Knowledge of and experience marketing to buyers within small and medium businesses a very strong plus. No mobile/wireless or telecom experience required.  Comfortable using Marketo lead management, Salesforce.com CRM, and Google Analytics  Creative thinking, quantitative analysis, buying online media, management of departmental and advertising budgets, vendor management, managing people, presenting to internal and/or external audiences.    Grow your career with us!  We offer an award-winning work environment that is fast-paced, innovative and entrepreneurial.  We are family-friendly and fun.    • We pay 100% for benefits coverage for Medical, Dental, Vision, Prescription, Life and Disability  • Our 401(k) program matches 100% up to 3%  • Paid Time Off (PTO) and Holidays  • Extended lunch periods for employees participating in fitness and sports programs    We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
241:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	Destination Maternity Corporation is the world's largest designer and retailer of maternity apparel.  In the United States and Canada, as of February 28, 2011, Destination Maternity operates 2,380 retail locations, including 678 stores, predominantly under the trade names Motherhood Maternity®, A Pea in the Pod®, and Destination Maternity®, and sells on the web through its DestinationMaternity.com and brand-specific websites.  Destination Maternity also distributes its Oh Baby by Motherhood® collection through a licensed arrangement at Kohl's® stores throughout the United States and on Kohls.com.  In addition, Destination Maternity is expanding internationally and has exclusive store franchise and product supply relationships in India and the Middle East.  Public Relations Manager   As an integral part of our Marketing team, the Public Relations Manager promotes Destination Maternity brands in both print and broadcast media outlets. This position requires daily communication, both verbal and in writing, with key editors, stylists and bloggers as you will be responsible for press releases, fashions sends, analyzing promotional values, celebrity bookings, and press kit creation in addition to other related press and editorial responsibilities.  Job Responsibilities:  * Write all consumer press releases, e-mail blasts for all brands, new products, store openings, and partnerships.  * Respond to fashion request for placement in Pregnancy and Lifestyle Publications.  * Pack and ship samples ensuring timely arrival and returns. * Follow-up on jpeg requests and detailed descriptions and information on all pieces that were placed to ensure proper credit. * Prepare monthly report comparing the results of print/broadcast impressions and publicity value. * Update Media Room Information. Including, learning Studio calendars and welcome screen: seasonal images, store opening information, partnership news, executive bios and corporate information. * Editorial placements in national publications or broadcast. * Interface with outside agencies to drive publicity placements. * Coordinate interviews and schedule accordingly. * Pitch brands as appropriate * Organize Broadcast/TV shoots and prepare spokesperson with tools for a successful taping. * Meet with editors to promote brands for potential story placements and build on relationships * Maintain and update fashion closet to keep sends fresh and to expedite requests. * Order, store and keep inventory on printed materials and collateral for Publicity Department. * Update Press Kits with financial reports, fact sheet, press releases and print placements as necessary.  Qualifications and Special Skills Required: * Bachelors Degree * Minimum 4 years prior experience within a Public Relations and/or Marketing capacity * Prior retail industry experience is preferred * Excellent consumer and business writing skills are essential for success in this role * Ability to multitask, handling a variety of projects at the same time * Proven ability to communicate effectively with colleagues of all levels including sr. management  Benefits: * Competitive health and welfare benefit insurances * 401(K) * Employee Stock Purchase Program * Vacation/Sick/Holiday/Personal time * Merchandise Discount  Destination Maternity is an Equal Opportunity Employer  
242:2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job supervising-job	Destination Maternity Corporation is the world’s largest designer and retailer of maternity apparel, reaching the customer with multiple brands and price points, providing all of her apparel wants and needs throughout her pregnancy. Motherhood Maternity is a value- and fashion-oriented brand that focuses on great looks at amazing low prices. At A Pea in the Pod, maternity is redefined through exclusive designers and luxury fabrications. And, through its Destination Maternity stores, the two brands are blended into a multi-brand experience that includes, in its superstores, many exciting attributes such as learning studios, kids’ play areas, and Edamame, the maternity spa.  As of August 31, 2010, the Company operates 1,677 retail locations, including 701 stores, in all 50 states, Puerto Rico, Guam, and internationally, and leased departments located within leading retailers such as Sears®, Kmart®, Macy's®, Bloomingdale's®, Babies \"R\" Us®, Boscov's®, and Gordmans®. Destination Maternity also distributes its Oh Baby by Motherhood collection through a licensed arrangement at Kohl's® stores throughout the United States and on Kohls.com. In addition, the Company sells online through its destinationmaternity.com, apeainthepod.com, and motherhood.com websites.  Destination Maternity Corporation has an opportunityfor a District Manager to act as a key member of our retail management team in the Charlotte, North Carolina area.   Reporting to the Regional Manager, the District Manager should be a goal oriented and hardworking leader.  District Managers will be responsible for driving sales, demonstrating leadership, developing employees, and managing the day-to-day operational activities of the district.  They must ensure that company standards and procedures are being met in order to achieve maximum performance and profit for the company.  District Managers will work closely with Store Managers to assess performance and plan improvements.  Job Responsibilities:    -The position requires travel (some over night) to store locations and to the company headquarters. We offer competitive pay (including bonus potential), benefits and the opportunity to grow and learn.  -The District Manager should act as a role model and leader to their talented field team member  -The selected candidate will also be responsible for all functions of the district's retail operations including sales improvement programs, training/development of management staff, cash management of monthly deposits, audits, inventory control and the visual presentation of store.  -The District Manager should coach and develop Store Managers to help them achieve maximum productivity, sales goals, and exceptional performance.  -Proactively recruit for new talent to enhance our brand.   Job Requirements:  -Must have excellent communication & management skills including managerial development of direct reports, receiving direction from off-site Regional Manager and the ability to react to an ever-changing retail environment.  -At least 2-3 years experience operating in a multi-unit management capacity  -Mobility/ability to travel 80% is required.  -Ability to multi task  -Strong organizational skills  -Ability to be mobile in a store including standing, walking, bending, squatting, kneeling, reaching, and/or twisting, for up to eight hours or more per day   -Simple grasping, pushing, lifting, and/or carrying things which weigh up to 40 pounds.  Benefits:  -Competitive Health and Welfare Benefit insurances -401(k)  -Employee stock purchase program  -Vacation/sick/holiday/personal time  -Merchandise discount   Destination Maternity Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
244:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	Since 1988, our financial services and technology firm has provided simple, secure and cost-effective electronic payment, data convergence and fraud prevention services for clients around the world. Our consultants act as business partners, delivering customized solutions with integrity and anticipating our merchants’ needs. Our commitment to developing new technology and our forward-thinking approach to client relationships have allowed us to grow even during a recession.  We are currently seeking a bilingual energetic “selling” Sales Manager to join our team. Reporting directly to the General Manager, the Sales Manager will build and manage a sales team of 5-15 sales representatives in addition to closing sales each month. The right candidate is someone with merchant services industry experience, a commitment to delivering outstanding customer service, a strong work ethic, and problem-solving skills. Since English is a second language for many of our clients, fluency in at least one additional language besides English is preferred.  Sales Manager Responsibilities:   • Build a sales team from the ground up, hiring, training and providing ongoing coaching and management to sales representatives • Place regular phone calls to warm sales leads provided by Fortune 500 channel partners and resellers  • Self-source potential sales and business development opportunities  • Manage lead generation programs and marketing efforts to garner new relationships and expand awareness of company  • Consistently meet or exceed assigned sales revenue target or goals established in sales plan and motivate sales team members to do the same • Develop and deliver concise and effective sales presentations to our channel partners and prospective clients  • Ensure that new merchant applications are completed and submitted to underwriting by the administrative team • Reach out to existing customers to identify their needs  • Provide excellent customer service, always ensuring that client and partner issues are dealt with in a timely, accurate and professional manner   • Perform other sales, management and administrative duties as requested   Requirements:   • 2-5 years experience selling and managing sales teams in the merchant services industry • Bachelor’s degree (hands-on experience may substitute for some education)  • Proven track record of building high-performing sales teams • Experience in channel partner development • Ability to analyze merchant processing statements accurately and quickly • Deep understanding of the merchant services industry as a whole, and sales and marketing in particular • Thorough knowledge of interchange  • General experience with PC-based POS systems and POS software • Demonstrated problem-solving and critical thinking skills • Strong organizational skills and ability to work in a time-critical environment  • Excellent closing, negotiating and collaborative skills  • Intermediate to advanced skills in MS Office, Adobe, Outlook, and the internet  • Excellent verbal and written communication skills  • High level of motivation and persistence  • Fluency in at least one language in addition to English preferred • Ability to work independently and as a team in high-pressure environment   Applicants for employment in the U.S. must possess work authorization which does not require sponsorship by the employer for a visa.   Please submit your resume and a brief cover letter.  EOE
246:2-4-years-experience-needed hourly-wage supervising-job	TCSE Inc. has an immediate opening for an Experienced Manager!     TCSE Inc., The Customer Service Experts have been in the customer service field for 18 years. We operate all aspects of the guest service program in local shopping centers. We are known throughout the industry to our clients, employees and customers as an honest, integrity driven company that values the science of creating loyal customers and employees. We offer a wide range of employee benefits, growth within the company for all employees through training and coaching, and best of all a fun environment to work in.     This is an opportunity for someone who loves dealing with the public, has high energy, finds it easy to build relationships and would love to work where you shop. Please take this opportunity to join a company that takes care of their employees and offers continued support for your development.    This Manager position is responsible for:   -Effective management of Site Operations   -Build and maintain relationships with employees as well as with Mall Management. This includes hiring, training, and supervision of assigned location.     Specific Duties:   -Hire, train, and supervise employees on site.   -Oversees weekly schedules for site, ensuring that the schedule meets the needs of the shopping center.   -Maintain company standards   -Theft prevention   -Maintain a positive relationship with management at the shopping center as well as with Area or Regional Manager TCSE corporate office through emails, phone calls, and personal visits.     Qualifications:   -MUST HAVE Minimum 2 yrs Management Experience   -Must be a team player   -Strong leadership skills   -Excellent verbal and written communication skills   -Possess the ability to effectively manage a team of players   -Detail-oriented with excellent time-management skills   -Computer knowledge required   -Enjoy working with people and interact effectively with employees, corporate office, and mall management   -Able to solve problems with emphasis on positive outcome     Compensation $14.50 - $15.50/hr DOE     If interested please e-mail your resume
250:bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	New Mexico Heart Institute (NMHI) is the largest and most advanced cardiovascular medical group in the region. Since 1969, the physicians of New Mexico Heart Institutes have provided New Mexico and beyond with the highest-quality care and service. As the leader in Cardiovascular Care in the Southwest, our services include state-of-the-art heart and vascular medicine and surgery, cardiovascular imaging, and fully-integrated emergency hospital and intensive coronary care services.    We are looking for a highly motivated, professional CIO to join our fast-paced practice. The Chief Information Officer will provide technology vision and leadership in the development and implementation of the health information technology (HIT) program.  The CIO will lead the health care enterprise in planning and implementing enterprise information systems to support both distributed and centralized clinical and business operations and achieve more effective and cost beneficial enterprise-wide IT operations.    *Essential Job Functions*  *Budget/Contracts:*  - Prepare, implement and maintain an annual technical operation and capital expenditure budget  - Approve, coordinate and control all projects related to selection, acquisition, development and installation of major information systems. Provide advice on evaluation, selection, implementation and maintenance of information systems, ensuring appropriate investment in strategic and operational systems. Evaluate systems to measure their success  - Review all hardware and software acquisition and maintenance contracts; solicit involvement and participation of other management team members as appropriate  - Develop and maintain corporate policies and standards aimed at maximizing effectiveness and minimizing costs related to the acquisition, implementation and operation of HIT systems  - Develop, when possible, master purchase or lease agreements for hardware, software, maintenance and telecommunication services  - Develop and monitor the approved annual operating and capital budgets for information and technology systems  - Maintain contact with IT suppliers and maintain knowledge of current technology, equipment, prices and terms of agreements to minimize the investment required to meet established service levels  - Evaluate alternatives, perform appropriate cost benefit analysis, and recommend solutions that maximize effectiveness and minimize costs commensurate with acceptable risks  - Manage relationships with vendors for sales, service and support of all information systems and technology. Maintain problem logs, documenting system errors or defects; Serve as the primary contact to software, hardware and network-related vendors, consultants, and partners    *Strategic Planning/Policy Development:*  - Provide strategic and tactical planning, development, evaluation, and coordination of the information and technology systems for the health care enterprise  - Prepare, implement, and oversee an Information Technology five year direction plan that will provide technical guidance to NMHI as well as meet on-going changes within the Healthcare industry  - Facilitate communication between staff, management, vendors, and other technology resources within the organization  - Provide technical direction for NMHI executive management in accordance with future healthcare needs  - Spearhead the technology vision and planning process that will regularly evaluate existing technology, information systems, and staffing;  research new solutions and technologies and recommend changes  - Lead the planning, development, evaluation, coordination and management of the information and technology systems including telephone, data imaging, practice management systems, and office automation  - Develop and enforce policy and procedures (HIPAA/HITECH, etc.) to ensure compliance to minimize risk and protect the organization’s IT assets and the integrity, security and privacy of information maintained by the organization  - Oversee the linkage between external technology systems (e.g. government, vendors and other health care organizations) and the organization’s IT resources; including systems for electronic data exchange  - Recommend changes to software applications based on analysis of their impact to all users requirements  - Gather and analyze changing requirements of users and develop effective and feasible ways to satisfy user requirements       *System Administration/Reporting:*  - Manage the implementation, modification and ongoing maintenance of new information systems and infrastructure, as needed  - Promote and oversee relationships between the health care network’s IT resources and external entities (e.g., government, vendors, researchers, and other health care organizations)  - Ensure that all information systems and networks operate according to internal standards, external accrediting agency standards, regulatory agencies and legal requirements, including HIPAA  - Develop and maintain the systems architecture, defining standards and protocols for data exchange, communications, software and interconnection of health care network information systems  - Coordinate and manage reporting needs and data analysis for the organization. Ensure that the gathering, processing, distribution and use of pertinent information required by management to make decisions occur in a timely, accurate and cost effective manner  - Ensure that data systems are capable of provision of all patient data and statistics as required by federal, state and local agencies. Support the development of patient reports as requested  - Develop and maintain system recovery plan in the event of power failure, damage to system, etc.   - Facilitate correction of any system failures, serve as contact point for computer problems  - Oversee the development, maintenance, and communication of systems documentation, policies, and procedures    *Training:*  - Develop and implement user-training programs  - Supervise the development and maintenance of user documentation, including complete user manuals, FAQs and help files  - Communicate IS/IT plans, policies and technology trends throughout the organization, including management groups and professional staff  - Develop, implement and maintain comprehensive user training program. Provide directly or arrange new user training and advanced training for existing users  - Update documentation and on-line help facilities    *Supervision/Staff Coordination:*  - Oversee the back office computer operations of the affiliate management information system, including local area networks and wide-area networks  - Select, train, supervise, and evaluate the senior IT leader.  Assure that the duties and roles assigned to the senior IT leader will be performed during vacations, illnesses, and other cases where the senior IT leader is not available  - Serve as an advisor to the Health Information Technology Steering Committee and serve on board subcommittees as they pertain to Information and Technology  - Design, implement, and evaluate the systems that support end users in the productive use of computer hardware and software    *Qualifications:*  - Minimum of 5 years of experience with increasing responsibilities for management and support of healthcare information systems and information technology; direct management of a major IT operation is preferred   -       High level understanding of all industry relevant technology, including but not limited to desktops, mobile devices, application and server virtualization, EMR/PM applications, network devices, SAN solutions, imaging solutions, and data security  -       Knowledge of Allscripts EMR highly preferred  - Significant experience in a health care setting is desirable specifically in technology and information systems planning to support business goals  - Exposure to both shared and outsourced solutions, as well as support of in-house information and communication systems in a multi-site client-server environment   - Experience with systems design and development process, including requirements analysis, feasibility studies, software design, programming, pilot testing, installation, evaluation and operational management  - Specific experience with practice management, financial management and clinical management information systems is a plus  - Knowledge of business processes and their interrelationship with information technology  - Ability to build and maintain effective, productive teams, both departmental as well as project teams  - Hands on knowledge of business principles and techniques of administration, organization, and management to include an in-depth understanding of the key business issues that exist in the health care industry. These include, but are not limited to: knowledge of strategic and operational planning, health care economics, personnel administration, federal, state and local laws, marketing, financial and cost analysis, trends in the health care industry, and primary health care administrative theory and practice.    *Skills/Licensure/Certification:*    - Negotiation skills to confer with vendors, contractors, and others  - Budget preparation and monitoring  - Effective verbal, written and effective presentation skills all geared toward coordination and education  - Self-motivator, independent, cooperative, flexible, and creative  - Management, leadership, planning and organizational skills  - Communication skills; ability to translate technical language to lay audiences  - Ability to analyze and resolve complex issues, both logical and interpersonal   - Applied knowledge of business office operations as it pertains to third party billing and reimbursement activities in a managed care environment     *Education:*  - Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Business Administration, or a related field or equivalent experience  required  - Master’s degree in Business Administration, Health/Hospital Administration, Public Health, or related field is highly desirable    *We offer a competitive salary and bonuses, with full benefits, 401(k), health and dental insurance, life insurance and PTO*    New Mexico Heart Institute is an Equal Opportunity Employer
256:supervising-job	AUDIO VISUAL MANAGER Houston, TX West Energy Corridor  Ideal candidates should have prior assistant manager experience in a hotel office or managers experience in a hospitality environment. Demonstrated success with a/v equipment sales and impeccable customer service skills are necessary. Working knowledge of the latest audio visual equipment, as well as, excellent organizational and communication skills is necessary. PURPOSE Provides audiovisual services to hotel guest by planning organizing customer’s needs, selecting equipment and managing staff. Assists clients by developing design strategies, recommending equipment selection, format and presentation success. Supports sales, catering, and convention service department of the hotel by determining audio visual needs of its customers. RESPONSIBILITIES Executing and implementing production, productivity, quality, and customer service standards as the primary and secondary customer interface. Enhancing the audio visual department and organization reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to the office. Including participation in on-site visits by prospective clients, solicitation of new business and ensuring that our customers receive the proper service and equipment needed to accomplish their objectives. DUTIES Responsible for audiovisual services operational objective by managing revenue and profit of the department by meeting financial objectives, scheduling expenditures, setting forecasting objectives and preparing the annual budget. SKILLS Creativity, Productivity, Teamwork, Technical Understanding, People Management, Staffing, Developing Budgets, General Consulting Skills, Vendor Relationships, Quality Focus, Microsoft Office proficiency and AVMS software proficiency. A Bachelor degree is preferred.
258:bs-degree-needed full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Real People. Important Work.    At Concord Hospital, sophisticated healthcare begins with people who envision the ideal experience, then make it happen. Real, reliable people who invest their energy to make us an outstanding regional medical center. We are currently seeking a:    Health Outreach Coordinator - Center for Health Promotion  Concord Hospital, Concord, New Hampshire    The Health Outreach Coordinator plans, organizes and executes high quality, community outreach programs that further the mission of Concord Hospital of improving the health and wellness of the community. This position also provides leads and develops community education programs. The Coordinator will develops and support the Business Partners in Health initiatives as well as coordinate outreach objectives of Concord Hospital in both hospital and community settings. This position will also utilize best-practice teaching methods for all forms of teaching and assist with fiscal responsibility of programs.    To qualify for this position you must possess four years of formal training or education beyond the high school level (e.g., Bachelors Degree). At least 5 years of experience in Health Promotion, or seven to ten years in life style behavior change experience and/or training, or equivalent combination of education and experience.    At Concord Hospital, we consider ourselves very fortunate to be located in a family-friendly area with limitless recreational and cultural activities, an affordable cost-of-living and a strong sense of community. From our close proximity to the city of Boston to the magnificent White Mountains and the Lakes Region to the state’s strip of Atlantic seacoast, the Granite State is a vacationland of rugged outdoor adventure and urban charm. Newcomers are often surprised that New Hampshire has beaches. Although the state’s coastline is short, its saltwater beaches are accessible and pristine. Concord, the capital, is a lovely, walkable New England city with beautiful parks and gardens and historic attractions close at hand. If you like a good bargain, shoppers flock to outlets in North Conway and the Lakes Region.     To learn more about Concord Hospital and to apply please visit our site at: www.example.com      Additionally, please visit our Human Resources microsite at:  www.example.com    We are an equal opportunity employer.    
262:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	1. Manage all regulatory responsibilities associated with drilling permitting (including drilling permit applications and all completion filings) for all wells in the North Region.  2. Coordinate with Cabot Land, Drilling, Geology, Operations, and Environmental Departments to ensure the timely submittal of State applications to construct, drill, and complete as well as applications for re-completion and remedial well work with the goal of ensuring all applicable drilling permitting activities are completed in a timely manner and in advance of the drilling schedule.  3. Manage the Regulatory staff and provide technical guidance on complex environmental and regulatory issues.   4. Provide technical and regulatory guidance to various COGC personnel with respect to permitting and regulatory functions.  5. Develop and maintain a good working relationship with all Federal, State, and Local regulators.  6. Ensure all necessary Sundry Notices, before and after the APD process, e.g., Notice of Spud, Notice of First Sales, Notice of Staking where applicable, etc., are prepared and submitted in a timely matter.  7. Lead and direct efforts of consultants and contractors to ensure the timely and cost-effective completion of their assigned tasks related to Regulatory functions.  8. Assure that the Company complies with all Local, State, and Federal rules and regulations.  Be responsible for a working knowledge of all Local, State, and Federal safety and environmental laws, rules, and regulations that affect our operations.   Work to minimize the Company’s exposure to fines for non-compliance.   9. Ensure compliance with regulations pertaining to wells and surface facilities.  10. Ensure various County-level land use permits, including but not limited to, Special Use Permits and Building Permits, etc., are obtained .  11. As required and as related to environmental/regulatory expenditures, assist Operations Personnel in the preparation of capital and operating budgets. Also assist Corporate EH&S and Operations in preparing environmental/regulatory disclosures and updates.  12. Represent COGC in local industry trade associations, councils, and city and county/parish activities to promote COGC’s positions related to environmental and regulatory issues  13. Represent COGC at local environmental and regulatory hearings and meetings  14. Support the implementation of applicable environmental and regulatory programs.  15. Excellent project management and organizational skills required.  16. Oversee the process of well plats and E&S plans.  17. Understands environmental and regulatory requirements and plans assignments independently or with support of the Environmental & Regulatory Manager.  18. May function as a project leader for certain assignments or as support staff for larger complex projects.  19. Supports the investigation of serious environmental incidents.  20. Ensure weekly maintenance and update of permit inventory and requirements are added to the EHS management system database  21. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills are a necessity – successful candidate will be required to communicate (oral and written) with agency personnel and various personnel in numerous departments to ensure needed information is obtained.  22. Excellent project management and organizational skills required.  23. Limited travel may be required to perform the duties of this job.  24. Perform other environmental/regulatory-related duties as assigned.    JOB REQUIREMENTS:      •  Bachelor’s Degree, Science or Engineering                        •  10 + years of related experience (+5 yrs E&P)    •  Proficient in Microsoft Office, Word, Excel, Access   •  Must have demonstrated analytical, communication, and organizational skills  
263:supervising-job	*Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation is currently seeking:*    Volume Control Administrator    *Essential Job Function:*    - Obtain monthly production forecast for Marcellus production from operations. Analyze forecast with any exisitng pipeline imbalances to be carried forward and any other factors to determine the amount of gas available to sell. Communicate to Account Executives available gas for sale.    - Coordinate gas sales information with customers,m Account Executives and Marketing administrators     - Nominate and or confirm gas sales and transportation volumes to pipelines, either on their electronic bulletin boards , or other medium.    - Keep track of transportation capacities. Post capacity releases. Monitor pipeline maintenance schedules and communicate information to operations and Account Executives.     - Monitor production and sales volumes daily and communicate balances to Account Executives and operations. Make necessary nomination changes as needed. Contact customers to discrepancies. Maintain minimum pipeline imbalances.     - Obtain and verify end of month scheduled volumes. Enter scheduled volumes into database and relate to supply deal for accrual reporting. Resolve volume discrepancies  with accounting and customers.     - Verify transportation and gathering invoice volumes.     - Set up and maintain well and meter information in database.     - Provide back up for other volume administrators as needed    - Assist other department and regional personnel as needed     keyword: Pipeline Scheduler, Pipeline Scheduler, Pipeline Scheduler, Gas Scheduler, Gas Scheduler, Gas Scheduler
265:5-plus-years-experience-needed salary bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Company Description A privately held Real Estate Company in the United States with a diversified portfolio of industrial, office, retail and multi-family residential real estate assets nationwide. With the corporate location in west Los Angeles and asset work-sites in 3 states, we are presently looking to strengthen our Property Management team.  Our Real Estate Investment Company is seeking a well-rounded, self-motivated Property Manager to join the Dallas/ Fort Worth Team.  Job Responsibilities   The candidate will report to the Leasing Professional.  You will be a key member of the property management process, managing buildings, problem solving and documentation.    Duties and Responsibilities: • Conduct regular property visits as required and prepare inspection reports  • Prepare and issue work orders as needed and maintain appropriate logs • Supervise on-site maintenance team and ensure quality of work assigned  • Bid, negotiate, and supervise contracted services for assigned properties  • Ensure competitive bidding process for vendor required services • Oversee the construction of tenant improvements  • Ensure tenant compliance with lease requirements • Participate in regularly scheduled property status meetings with detailed and accurate information • Tenant Relationships • Some travel required  Requirements:  • College degree  • Minimum of 5 years of broad based commercial property management experience • Strong communication skills with both internal & external customers and at all levels within the organization • Understand contracts, leases and leasing objectives • Skilled in customer service and tenant relations • Ability to initiate bid requests, vendor and contractor management  • Ability to present self and company in a professional manner in all customer communications and actions  • Solid time management skills with the ability to prioritize, organize and successfully balance multiple tasks and requests  • Must be able to exhibit initiative and work independently  • Must have a strong work ethic and ability to work in a fast paced environment • Must be a team player and work well with Senior Management, tenants, contractors and other daily contacts • MS Office proficiency expected - experience with Yardi a plus.  Compensation We offer an excellent compensation package, an exciting opportunity, and the chance to grow and develop with a well- capitalized entrepreneurial investment group.  For immediate consideration please submit resume with salary requirement* * Resumes submitted with salary requirements will be considered first.  
266:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed salary	A privately held Real Estate Company in the United States with a diversified portfolio of industrial, office, retail and multi-family residential real estate assets nationwide.  With the corporate location in Los Angeles and asset work-sites in 3 states, we are presently looking to strengthen our Asset Management team.  Our Real Estate Investment Company is seeking a well-rounded, self-motivated Asset Manager to join our Dallas team with extensive experience in the asset management of Class B and C retail, industrial and office properties throughout the United States.  Job Responsibilities     The Asset Manager will be responsible for the strategic and tactical operations of a portfolio of retail, industrial and office properties located throughout the United States.  The individual will be responsible for overseeing and managing multiple in house and third-party leasing and management companies and their respective staff as well as be accountable to the senior members of the Firm and Owner.   Duties  • Maximize total return for each asset through the analysis of property efficiencies and identifying opportunities for improved performance • Work closely with third party property managers, leasing agents, brokers, consultants and attorneys to provide direction for and oversight of business plans, budgets, forecasts, leases, analysis and approvals • Actively participate in the negotiations on new leases and renewals  • Prepare necessary monthly, quarterly, and annual reporting for Senior Members • Negotiate third party contracts and oversee implementation of capital improvement and ‘value-add' programs within the portfolio • Perform valuations of each asset on a quarterly basis, working with analytical staff • Model full life cycle financial analysis for each asset from acquisition through disposition • Develop and implement strategic business plans for each asset that will govern its daily operations, position in the market, and ultimate disposition • Manage the capital improvement strategies and processes, including oversight of the construction management activities • Evaluate the local markets to identify changes and trends and the related impact on real estate values and investment strategies • Work collaboratively with the acquisition team members in evaluating potential investments opportunities  Knowledge Skill Requirements  • BA/BS degree in Finance, Real Estate or related field with strong record of academic achievement; graduate degree preferred • Minimum of 7 years of commercial real estate, leasing, analysis/asset management experience • Strong financial modeling skills, detailed property-level financial statement analysis, lease management, pro forma analysis and rent-setting evaluation    • Strong knowledge of real estate accounting combined with exceptional analytical skills and financial modeling skills is needed.  • Advanced knowledge of MS Windows, Excel and Word is required and must be comfortable learning new computer systems.   • Must be highly organized, detail oriented, able to handle multiple concurrent projects and be able to independently identify and solve key business problems  • 30% Travel Required  Compensation We offer an excellent compensation package, an exciting opportunity, and the chance to grow and develop with a well capitalized entrepreneurial investment group.  For immediate consideration please submit resume with salary requirement* * Resumes submitted with salary requirements will be considered first.
271:5-plus-years-experience-needed salary bs-degree-needed supervising-job	COMPANY DESCRIPTION    The Company, located in Southern California, is a manufacturer and master distributor of products to the professional beauty industry. We have a long history of excellence in our industry and look forward to hiring a unique individual who can contribute to the continuing development of our brands.  Job Description    ABOUT THE JOB    We are seeking a product manager to develop and manage multiple brands, focusing primarily on hair care and related categories.  With the direction of the Marketing Director, this person will be responsible for all aspects of the marketing mix, including product line development, pricing, promotions and brand positioning, to achieve company growth targets.    This is an exciting opportunity to join a Company that is growing. The right individual will report to the Marketing Director but have access to and collaborate with all executives.    We are seeking a talented individual who is capable of planning and executing a financially viable product plan at a strategic and tactical level. A consumer product management background, with strong brand management experience, required. We are seeking an individual whose resume reflects upward mobility through the brand management function as a result of achieving strategic and financial results.    The Brand Manager will provide product management expertise, knowledge and skills; including brand positioning, marketplace research, gathering competitive analysis, and consumer research to identify and develop product positioning for current products, as well as new products. The Brand manager will be a champion for his/her product lines in the marketplace.  The candidate also must be skilled in developing marketing, pricing and promotion plans for multiple brands across multiple categories. The ideal candidate will have both large company and small company marketing experience.     SPECIFIC ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES:    • Manage and enhance the profitability, growth and image of multiple beauty brands. ·  • Initiate and develop product positioning, public relations and ad strategies. ·  • Ability to accurately predict and deliver results consistent with business plans. ·  • Complete new product introductions by sourcing with vendors (in conjunction with the purchasing department) and negotiating preliminary product specifications and pricing. ·  • Analyze competitor’s pricing and product mix to ensure we remain competitive in the marketplace. ·  • Develop packaging, merchandising displays and promotional plans to support new and existing products. ·  • Develop marketing collateral and sales support material to enhance sell-in and pull-through of products and promotions. ·  • Review inventory and sales reports to discontinue slow-moving items.  • Work with sales team to ensure a successful sell-in of new and existing products with key accounts. ·  • Write copy; refine layout design, and proofread catalogs and promotional flyers.  • Spearhead development and maintenance of media plans and budgets.    KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS/ABILITIES:    • Knowledge of packaged goods mentality and the principles of marketing, product development, pricing, sales strategies, promotions and advertising.  • Knowledge and skills necessary for developing packaging and merchandising displays.  • Strong leadership skills across multiple disciplines.  • Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  • Ability to multi-task and work independently, and establish priorities.  • Able to manage projects to schedule and budget expectations.  • Creative, strategic, and analytic thinker who can easily manage multiple tasks and prioritize work within tight, concurrent deadlines.  • Strong sense of urgency to realize concrete results.  • Ability to work well with others.  • Willingness and ability to travel.  • Knowledge of sourcing overseas and ability to negotiate.  • Computer software skills needed: Word, Excel and PowerPoint.    MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:    • Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing or a related field required, MBA preferred.  • 6-8 years of experience in product management dealing with consumer packaged goods.         We offer a highly competitive salary and bonus program and benefits program.
279:salary 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed full-time-job supervising-job	Associate Director, Marketing and Communications (JOB ID 2887) Tseng College of Extended Learning Integrated Marketing (Administrative Analyst/Specialist- Exempt II) $4631 - $6946 mo / Full Time  Major Duties Under general supervision, the Associate Director of Marketing and Communications reports to the Director of Marketing and Communications and is responsible for the day to day operations of the department in the Tseng College of Extended Learning. The Associate Director will ensure that projects are completed on-time and on-budget, with the highest quality standards. The associate director will supervise two graphic designers and a publications manager. The associate director will have a successful track record of marketing experience (higher education preferred) with experience in online marketing, including SEO, SEM, analytics, social media, and ROI. It is preferred that the candidate have a grasp of e-commerce and how to integrate it effectively in our website and other online assets. The successful candidate should be able to identify trends in all of the aforementioned and related areas, bringing them to the attention of the director with recommendations of how these trends may be able to contribute to department strategic and tactical goals.  The associate director will implement strategies as directed, working closely and respectfully with an established marketing team. Will serve as liaison between the graphic design staff and program directors and/or faculty and staff. A positive attitude and grace under pressure are essential to the position, along with an aptitude toward change management, both guiding and participating in it. Will work well with internal and external constituencies in diverse settings. Exceptional verbal and written communication skills are required.  Will assist the director in creating industry-leading ROI systems. Will create new and more efficient/effective ways to measure the department's activities and will regularly pull a variety of reports to analyze and discuss with the Director. Will be working in a data-driven environment and will be asked to develop additional department capacities in this area. The person in this position must have the ability to \"see the big picture\" in strategic marketing planning and to align marketing tactics to support the Director's plan and vision. Performs other duties as assigned. Performance review will be based on the core work.  Qualifications Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university in a job-related field required. Equivalent to five years of full-time, progressively responsible relevant experience in one of the following: marketing, communications, journalism, business or related field. Oversight and administration of a program with supervision and/or lead experience. Master's degree preferred; emphasis in marketing or communication a plus. Knowledge, Specialized Skills, and Abilities: Demonstrated ability to design, execute, and evaluate a comprehensive marketing program. Proven ability to work with macro environmental factors - demographics, economics, politics, and technology preferred. Supervisory: Ability to supervise experienced marketing personnel, including the skills necessary to encourage professional development as needed. Communication: Exceptional English oral and written communication skills. Demonstrated ability to create documents and written communications, proposals, and complex written projects. Information Technology: Strong computer skills are a must: Microsoft Office suite proficiency is required. Preferred: PeopleSoft, Google analytics and Adwords data, Facebook insights, CRM expertise (Salesforce), Cision Point, and others as needed. Budgeting and Fiscal Management: Demonstrated ability to create and manage budgets and monitor expenditures. Knowledge of quantitative marketing techniques, comprehensive budget planning and management, and return on investment preferred. Leadership and Collaborative Skills Proven ability to work within a collaborative setting. Ability to work effectively with various clients internal and external to the University.  Pay, Benefits, & Work Schedule Salary is commensurate with knowledge, skills, and experience. The university offers an excellent benefit package.  Anticipated hiring range: $4631 - $5835 dependent upon qualifications and experience.  Temp-renewable; year to year.  How To Apply Please complete the on-line application/resume upload submission process in order to be considered for any open position within the university and its auxiliaries. The hiring department will contact the best qualified candidates and invite them to participate in the interview process.  This position will remain OPEN UNTIL FILLED.  For more detailed information on the application and hiring process, please view the link below: www.example.com  Equal Employment Opportunity The university is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, sexual identity, sexual orientation, sexual expression, gender, marital status, age, disability, genetic information, disabled veteran, or Vietnam-era veteran status.
288:2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed salary supervising-job	The Search Marketing Manager has the primary responsibility of managing and promoting the various online marketing programs offered to our franchise networks. This position serves as a key point of contact for franchisees and vendor/partners regarding all aspects of paid search and other forms of digital marketing.   If you are a seasoned digital marketing professional with a strong background in paid and organic search including online directories and maps and are interested in helping our brands and respective franchisees generate sales leads, this opportunity may be right for you.   Primary Responsibilities  Manage our paid search marketing (SEM) program through collaboration with our digital marketing agency, other vendors and our franchisees to create, implement, analyze and refine our campaigns for our various brands and franchise locations Provide day-to-day management of all aspects of our local and national paid search campaigns including campaign structure and keyword strategy, copywriting and testing, bid management, landing page development and optimization, budget management, reporting and analysis, etc.  Serve as the primary point of contact and subject matter expert for paid search and other digital marketing  Teach and train our franchisees and internal staff on the principles and best practices of local search and digital marketing through one-to-one consultation and group training events Manage all digital marketing projects and communicate status on a regular basis to various internal stakeholders  Provide our franchisees and internal team with proactive and reactive support, guidance and communications regarding all paid search campaigns and projects Communicate relevant digital marketing news and information, campaign updates, etc. to our franchisees and other parties through both verbal and written means including presentations, videos, blog posts and articles   Generate and disseminate appropriate online marketing reporting on a regular basis to ensure all parties are aware of campaign performance Work with our internal advertising agency, creative team and other key stakeholders to manage the design, development and optimization of all landing pages for both online and offline media Supervise our external digital marketing agency and other online marketing vendors, managing priorities and the timely completion of all deliverables Manage all paid search and online marketing budgets (local and national) with a high degree oversight, compliance, integrity and pursuit of excellence Demonstrate an ongoing understanding of the our organization, brands, franchisees, end-customers, products/services and overall marketing strategy    Qualifications Bachelors in Advertising, Marketing, Communications or equivalent 4+ years of experience in online marketing, especially B2B and a minimum of 2 years in search engine marketing Proven track record of driving qualified traffic and conversions through paid search working for an agency or corporation with increasing responsibility  Solid understanding of integrated marketing principles and current trends and best practices Ability to manage and motivate agency partner(s) and other online vendors to deliver outstanding search campaign performance and online projects Experience in managing local paid search and digital marketing for a franchise organization, strongly preferred  Solid organizational, project management and communications skills; oral and written Thrives in a fast-paced, fluid and deadline intensive environment  Detail-oriented; proficient in multi-tasking Demonstrates integrity, maturity and a constructive approach to challenges Excellent customer service and team skills – open, friendly and supportive Strong bias for action, getting things done and supporting program objectives both individually and with a team Proficient in paid search advertising platforms (e.g. Google AdWords, Bing Ads,) core business programs (e.g. Word, Excel), online analytics (e.g. Google Analytics) and presentation software (e.g. Keynote); Apple business environment Understanding of online lead tracking and conversion monitoring (e.g UTM codes, Mongoose Metrics) Strong customer services skills to support our franchise network Occasional travel throughout the year  We offer: A competitive salary, commensurate with experience and a comprehensive benefits package Great corporate culture focused on the success of our franchisees and employees High-integrity organization with a solid reputation that spans decades  For prompt, personal consideration, please apply online. Only qualified applicants will be considered.  An equal opportunity employer (EOE).  About Franchise Service, Inc.  Franchise Services, Inc. (FSI) is a long established and well-respected franchise management company that owns the franchise brands, Sir Speedy, PIP, Signal Graphics, TeamLogic IT and MultiCopy. Franchise Services’ roots span more than 40-years developing and managing award-winning brands that support entrepreneurs and the small- to medium-sized business markets they serve. The company’s brands and worldwide affiliates can be found throughout the U.S. and in several countries around the globe.
290:5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job supervising-job bs-degree-needed	Company:  Bethel Environmental Solutions LLC Worksite Location:  Anchorage, Alaska FLSA Status:  Exempt Schedule:  Full-Time Regular Senior Chemist/Project Manager  Summary: The Senior Chemist provides support on environmental investigation, remediation and A-E projects including all phases of laboratory coordination and management, review and approval of laboratory invoices, data quality review (ADEC) and QA/QC of analytical results. Responsibilities will include interpretation, analysis and documentation of analytical results, development of conceptual site models, development of Hydrocarbon Risk Modeling, and recommendations for remedial action needing regulatory site closure. Other duties include project management, field work, business development, proposal writing, and providing educational brown bags to other technical staff. The position requires working effectively in both the office with executive management, project management, and technical staff and the ability to work in the field, often in remote Alaska locations with basic amenities.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills are required.  Attention to detail, timeliness and an adherence to safety and regulatory standards is required.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities:  • Establishes and maintains professional relationships with internal and external clients and stakeholders.  • Organize, develop, and maintain library of generic and client-specific templates for analytical technical reports, plans, and boilerplate language applicable to projects and in accordance with regulatory requirements. • Experience with the development/review of Field Sampling Plans, Site Safety and Health Plans, and Quality Assurance Project Plans. • Organize, develop, communicate, and ensure quality conformance of analytical chemistry results for report production. • Lead project analytical results data quality review, reporting and analysis activities in concert with project managers and technical staff to ensure that they are completed on time and meet quality and reliability goals. • Ensures products and deliverables meet client (internal and external) needs.  • Management of small-to-medium size projects with moderate complexity to include serving as client point of contact and to be responsible for project scope, schedule, budget, quality and financial performance.  • Field work to include, but not limited to: environmental studies, characterization, sampling and remediation activities, often in remote locations with little support and may require the use of small fixed-wing and rotary-wing aircraft, boat, or highway vehicle. Field accommodations may range from hotel to tent depending on project location and local amenities. • Field work activities range from a day to no more than three weeks.  • Field work and travel is expected to be about 20-30%. • Participates as an integral member of the environmental team.  • Other duties as assigned.   Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  Education and/or Experience:  • BS degree (MS degree preferred) in one of the following disciplines: chemistry, biochemistry, toxicology, public health, environmental science or similar. • Knowledge and experience with ADEC Data Quality Objectives, Alaska Administrative Code, Code of Federal Regulations, environmental baseline studies, contaminated sites, and/or FUDSs projects in Alaska.  • Experience with DoD QSM and USEPA UFP-QAPP is highly preferred. • Must have strong data entry skills, and have experience establishing guides and utilizing document templates in standard Microsoft Office and Adobe applications. • Experience with government contracting, engineering, environmental science, geology, biology, ecology, wetlands science, construction, or similar is preferred. • Minimum 5 years or more experience as a chemist in environmental consulting industry in Alaska.   Software Experience: Excellent skills in Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Access, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint) required. Other software skills (ArcGIS, AutoCADD, Adobe Acrobat, SharePoint) preferred.  Language Skills: Strong communication skills: both verbal and excellent written skills.   Behavioral Skills: Must be a team player with the ability to work well and interface with others.   Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Individuals may need to sit or stand as needed.  Will require walking; primarily on a level surface, for periodic times throughout the workday.  Reaching above shoulder heights, below the waist or lifting as required to file documents, or store materials throughout the workday. Use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, controls; and talk or hear. May be required to lift and/or move up to 20 pounds (50 pounds in the field).  Proper lifting techniques required.   Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. For the most part ambient room temperatures, lighting and equipment as found in a typical office environment.    Field activities may be in remote locations with basic support, potential temperature and terrain extremes, potentially dangerous wildlife and primitive accommodations.  
293:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Accounting Manager/Full Charge Bookkeeper  Seeking world-class talent to join well-established Entertainment Company. The Accounting Manager/Full Charge Bookkeeper will manage all aspects of a dynamic Accounting department. The ideal candidate will be knowledgeable about GL, GAAP principles and have expertise using the QuickBooks Enterprise accounting solutions.   RESPONSIBILITIES:   • Supervising personnel in the Accounting Department • Oversee the GL and review all aspects of journal entries • Develop, analyze, and interpret statistical and accounting information in order to appraise operating results in terms of profitability, performance against budget, and other matters bearing on the fiscal soundness and operating effectiveness of the organization • This position has the duty to keep the staff at the highest level of skill necessary to meet company needs and objectives, and may recommend that personnel be hired or removed from the Department • Oversee the company's system of accounts and keeps books and records on all company transactions and assets • Establish major economic objectives and policies for the company and prepare reports that outline the company's financial position in the areas of income, expenses, and earnings based on past, present, and future operations • Coordinate and direct the preparation of the budget and financial forecasts, institutes and maintains other planning and control procedures (including the cost accounting system), analyze and report variances • Responsible for planning and compliance of all sales tax and sales and use tax • Furnish internal reports, revise and update reports to be more useful and efficient, and furnish external reports as necessary • Determine depreciation rates to apply to capitalized items and advise management on desirable operational adjustments due to tax revisions  KNOWLEDGE AND SKILL REQUIREMENTS:   • MUST have prior accounting experience in entertainment/production  • MUST have a Bachelor’s degree in Accounting, Business or Finance • MUST have 5+ years bookkeeping experience • MUST have experience supervising and managing clerical staff • Extensive working knowledge of the QuickBooks Enterprise accounting solutions   • Knowledge of finance, accounting, budgeting, and cost control principles including GAAP • Knowledge of federal and state financial regulations • Ability to analyze financial data and prepare financial reports, statements and projections • Working knowledge of short and long term budgeting and forecasting, rolling budgets, and product-line profitability analysis • Extensive experience in merchant banking and merchant processing, credit card transactional processing • Work requires professional written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills • Ability to motivate teams to produce quality materials within tight timeframes and simultaneously manage several projects • Experience in the Direct Response industry a plus • CPA a plus  ***For immediate consideration, please submit resume and salary Requirements*** 
300:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	The VP of Finance is responsible for the annual budget and long-range planning process, monthly forecasting and variance analysis of financial and operational results.  Interface with department heads of operational areas to analyze performance, including reporting, trending, measurement, and development of short/long term financial plans.  Provide assistance and analysis for internal projects including (ROI).  Direct supervision of staff and coordination with finance and operational personnel across the Company.      Responsibilities:  - Maintain and meet all SOX compliance requirements  - Meet all enterprise reporting timelines  - Coordinate and direct preparation of the yearly budgetary and financial forecasting activities  - Develop, analyze, and interpret accounting and statistical data to appraise operating results against budget  - Direct the financial activities of the organization and prepare financial statements for management guidance.    - Direct the inventory control and inventory management functions of the organization including physical inventory, monthly cost of goods processing, labor roll forward by production area and monthly G/L to physical inventory reconciliation.  - Ensure integrity and control of critical systematic and interactive processes from which financial data is generated.    - Maintain the company’s system of accounts to support all transactions and assets  - Create and audit internal metric reporting to support the financial and budgetary goals of the organization.  Update as needed to be more useful and efficient.  - Direct the overall financial plans and accounting practices of the organization  - Oversees the treasury, accounting, budget, tax, and audit activities of the organization  - Oversees financial and accounting system controls and standards and ensures timely financial and statistical reports for management and/or Board use.  - Participates in formulating and administering company policies and developing long range goals and objectives.  - Reviews analyses of activities, costs, operations, and forecast data to determine department or division progress toward stated goals and objectives.  - Provide financial reports and advice on financial matters to President  - Provide financial statements, analysis and supporting exhibits for internal and external users  - Oversee preparation of reports  for the annual year-end audit  - Approve and sign checks as needed  - Prepare monthly budgets, monthly cash flow analysis      Qualifications:  - Bachelors degree in Finance/Accounting  - 7-10 years accounting experience in a manufacturing environment  - Experience with BAAN ERP system preferred  - Experience in both wholesale and direct to consumer is required  - Must have strong values, excellent communication and listening skills, be self motivated, and be able to process map and direct a continuous improvement process  - Public/Private experience preferred  - CPA/MBA preferred  - Oracle/GL and MS Suite experience a must  - Must be a hands on individual with good analytical skills  - Inventory management experience    NO RELOCATIONS PLEASE
306:2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job supervising-job	This is your opportunity to join a growing, dynamic sales team selling the top names in computer/ IT equipment to the Federal Government and Fortune 1000 companies. Come join a team of successful, professional, and enthusiastic people who will help you achieve your professional and personal goals.   Here at GC Micro we continue to be one of California's most successful and award winning suppliers of computer hardware, software and IT products since 1986. We are a national supplier of all major product lines including Apple, IBM, HP, Toshiba, Microsoft, Cisco and SUN/ Oracle. We have received major awards from our customers and suppliers for excellent performance and customer service as well as national awards for our company leadership in the industry  We are expanding our inside sales team and are looking to hire engaging, motivated self-starters ready to use their sales talent to directly contribute to our continued success. Join a stable yet growth oriented company where you will be treated like a business partner and not like an employee!  We have the following positions available:  *ACCOUNT MANAGER*  *Job Duties:* Our Account Managers are selling the major product lines of computer/ IT products over the phone, working the full sales cycle from cold calling and developing new business to closing sales in a fast paced, business-to-business sales environment. They use their engaging personalities to develop relationships with corporate and government procurement staff to generate computer / IT sales by identifying customer product needs.  In this role you will be making outbound cold calls, presenting our company, developing new business, using the phone and email to respond to bids, prepare quotes, while working directly with manufacturers and distributors to research and source computer / IT products, providing product pricing and ensuring accurate delivery of orders, while providing our level of outstanding customer service.   *Job Requirements:* * 2+ years sales experience, preferably over the phone  * Strong verbal and written communication skills  * Pleasant and confident phone voice * Proficient using MS Office, email  * Good organizational skills  * Able to multi-task and set priorities  * Able to use critical thinking skills in a variety of situations  * Technically familiar with computer / IT products and solutions or related technologies.  *Preferred Job Skills:* * Inside sales / cold calling experience * Computer hardware, software/ IT sales experience * Previous experience selling to corporate, education or government accounts  *Benefits:*  We believe our team is our most valuable asset and offer an exceptional in depth, on-site sales training program and a generous compensation plan based on experience and performance, including a very competitive uncapped commission structure. We also offer paid medical and dental insurance, paid vacations, holidays, and personal days. We even have an exercise facility on-site.  *Compensation:* Competitive compensation package including base + uncapped commission   Check us out at www.example.com    Applicant *SHOULD BE LOCAL IN THE NORTH BAY AREA,* as we will not relocate and do not offer telecommuting.   *TO APPLY:*  *Please forward your resume and cover letter to hr(at)gcmicro.com or click on APPLY* When applying please reference Indeed   GC Micro is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE)
310:supervising-job associate-needed	Here is your chance to work for a company that offers the fast-paced challenging environment of a first class financial firm dedicated to rural America with the benefits of a collaborative team environment! Since its formation in 1969, CFC, located in Herndon, Virginia has provided financial solutions to the rural electric cooperative utility network throughout the U.S.    We have a great opportunity on our Information Systems Team for a Corporate Systems Developement Team Lead. Reporting to the Manager, Corporate Systems, this position is responsible for:   * Managing direct reports.   * Design and development of CFC*s most complex applications.  * Managing vendor contract negotiations and vendor relationships.  * Maintenance of existing applications.  * Responding to Help Desk tickets escalated beyond the first level of troubleshooting.  * Assistance in budget planning and management.    Essential Functions:  * Supervise day to day work of direct reports.  * Manage the design, development and maintenance of the company*s most complex custom software and associated technical documentation.  * Manage vendor contract negotiations and vendor relationships as they pertain to system development and ongoing maintenance.  * Estimate development efforts for assigned new project and change requests.  * Provide problem resolution for assigned Help Desk tickets.  * Coach and have the ability to supervise other, less experienced members of the team.  * Assist Corporate Systems Manager in budget planning and management.  * Other duties and projects as assigned.    Education, Knowledge & Experience:  Undergraduate degree in Information Systems, Computer Science or related technical degree, or the equivalent in work experience. General knowledge of finance.    Personnel Management - Project Management - Software Architectural Skills -Vendor Management- Software Development Lifecycle Methodology - Software Change Control Management - Information Systems Strategic Planning -    Application Development Skills * Experience in object-oriented (OO) analysis, design, and development in an OO language such as Java. Distributed software design and development using the latest technologies such as the Java Enterprise Edition (JEE) specification, Hibernate, Spring, Enterprise JavaBeans (EJBs), Junit, Log4j, Struts 2, Java Server Pages (JSPs), ANT, XML, JavaScript, Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) and HTML. Server-based development with an application server such as Weblogic. Experience with web authoring (HTML/CSS) tools.    Relational Database Skills - Experience using a relational database such as Sybase. Knowledge of Structured Query Language (SQL) and SQL-based query tools.    Graphical Application Development Skills * Ability to maintain legacy applications written in Lotus Notes/Domino or PowerBuilder is a plus.    Interpersonal Skills - Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively with end users and systems analysts.    We offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes a short-term and long-term incentive plan; pension plan; 401(k); medical, dental and vision plans; a generous leave policy, and more - all in a friendly, casual work environment. For additional information, please visit our website at www.example.com.  CFC is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to workforce diversity.  No Agency Calls Please.  National Rural Utilities Coope (NRUCFC)  Herndon, VA 20171  Web: www.example.com  
311:bs-degree-needed full-time-job supervising-job	Program Coordinator  – Automotive  Kobe Aluminum Automotive Products - Bowling Green, KY  Kobe Aluminum Automotive Products, LLC, an aluminum forging automotive suspension parts manufacturer, is accepting resumes for the following position:  Program Coordinator This position is responsible for managing programs/projects and sales accounts in order to retain existing sales volume as well as increase new business base. Incumbent will identify new sales opportunities and pursue them from customer engineering evaluation and research through quotation, award and launch; then provide production support as required. Incumbent will provide detailed customer feedback to KAAP in order to align customer requirements and KAAP’s capabilities. Attention to detail and the ability to meet internal and external timing are required.  DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:   • Responsible for the daily requests created by existing business. .  • Maintain customer relationships with OEM / Tier 1 customers and Tier 2 suppliers.  • Coordinate and effectively communicate current business needs with Product Development, Design Engineering, Purchasing, Sales, KAAP Management, and parent companies.  • Provide timely communication to OEM customer / Tier 1 suppliers and KAAP Manufacturing sections when changes occur which affect customer’s product or business • Maintain relevant account information in internal reporting tools.   EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS:  REQUIRED  • Bachelor degree in business management, marketing/economics, corporate organizational communications, or related engineering discipline. • Strong organizational skills and the ability to accomplish assigned tasks within established and changing deadlines. • Excellent communication skills: verbal, written and presentation. • Proficient with common MSOffice applications: spreadsheet (Excel), word processing, and presentation. • Travel will be required on an as needed basis.  PREFFERED  • Some automotive industry experience such as sales, production control, logistics, engineering, purchasing and production preferred, but not required. • Understanding of OEM business development, sourcing, and launch process preferred, but not required. • Knowledge of ISO9000 / TS16949 Quality System requirements preferred, but not required. • Technical / business Japanese language skills preferred, but not required.  Compensation will be commensurate with skills & quantifiable experience.  Excellent Benefits package and 401K match provided to all Full-Time employees Kobe Aluminum Automotive Products, LLC, is an Equal Opportunity Employer
315:salary supervising-job full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	SB Specialty Metals LLC has an immediate opening for a lead warehouse person in our Troy, MI Warehouse.  Experience is required.     This position will be responsible for warehouse shift operations including but not limited to:  receiving incoming stock inventory, directing work assignments and ensuring production runs smoothly during shift. Person is  also responsible for enforcing company safety policies and procedures.     Our qualifications are as follows:  Minimum Education - High School Diploma or Equivalent.    4+ years STEEL warehouse experience a must, preference given to individuals with SAW operation experience.      4+ years Lead warehouse or supervisory experience    Current Opening is for 3rd shift, 10:00 p.m. to 6:30 a.m.    SBSM offers a competitive compensation package including salary and benefits.  
323:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Do you like being the \"go to\" person?  If you want to be part of a great company, good people and like quality control, this could be a fit for you.    This is a solid, stable growing company with owners who are good people who care about their employees.  They have great jobs all around the city and expect an outstanding year for 2012.    COMPANY:    *Mechanical contracting and service for over 75 years.  *Strong reputation in the power industry, serving municipalties, complex industrial facility projects and private company commercial work.  *Owners care about their employees  *Reward top performers  *Provide Excellent Employee benefits. . . best in the industry!    POSITION:    To ensure the highest level of quality and compliance with ASME codes and ANSI standards, our client is adding this PERMANENT role.  Compliance processes are already in place, but responsibilities are spread among various employees and need consolidation and organization of responsibilities to take this quality function to the \"next level.\" The successful candidate will take on full responsibility and continue improving the quality process.    QUALIFICATIONS:    Successful candidate will pull in pieces of the quality control function from multiple people and centralize the function.  This individual will be the lead QC person and will work with the operations team to ensure compliance with all ASME code stamps and standards.    *7-10 Years Experience with ASME code compliance and ANSI standards and   *Degree is helpful but not required  *Employment history showing progressive moves  *Strong verbal and written communication  *Ability to travel around the city.  *Experience with boilers, refinery and/or power generation helpful.    ABOUT DK COLE:    DK Cole Company is a privately held search firm in the Western suburbs that specializes in placing managers in the construction industry.  We operate with the highest level of ethics and represent solid employers and top talent.  Please note, we only have time and resources to contact those who appear qualified for this position, but we will move quickly to pursue those who are qualitifed and get them in front of our client.  Thanks for your interest.
327:licence-needed supervising-job	Global Dynamics is looking to provide administrative and operational support across the Marine Corps Systems Command Enterprise.    To support this effort, Global Dynamics is recruiting local candidates that have Security Clearance( Must be security clearance eligible) and posses an understanding of the overall mission of Marine Corps Systems Command and its supporting staff;   Global Dynamics will be hiring a Program Executive Offices (PEOs); Program Management Officers (PMOs)  and product managers.  Your specific task will vary however your overall duty is to provide a variety of administrative and operational support services to the Marine Core.   Duties Include   1. preparing, tracking and filing of official correspondence;  2. preparation and release of official message traffic via the Automated Message Handling System (AMHS);  3. Use of administration of the Marine Corps Action Tracking System (MCATS) must have technical knowledge and use of the Defense Travel System; 4. Preparation and administration of forward deployment packages for contractor and government personnel;  5. SharePoint administration and maintenance; audio and visual support; 6. Meeting support to include meeting minutes; graphics design support; and general administrative assistance.   7.Work with the general information technology software package used at Marine Corps Systems Command. 8. Be proficient in the use of  Microsoft Office Suite, and other similar information technology products.    Company Profile: Global Dynamics provides medical, administrative, facilities support & IT Services to the Federal Government   Contact Information: Contact Name: Delando Lewis Company Type: Employer Company: Global Dynamics City: Columbia State: Maryland Phone  XXX  www.example.com 
330:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Are you a Senior Epic Willow Analyst looking to join an Epic implementation project where your work makes a direct impact on workflow and system functionality? Then come join us for this project on the west coast. We offer great rates, and most importantly, a person who will follow up with you!   Apply today and come join the Cipe Consulting family - experience the difference. We are a network of leaders, who regard individuals based on competence, not titles. When hiring, we seek individuals with healthcare experience, leadership potential, integrity, a sharp analytical mind, creativity, and the ability to work with people at all levels in an organization.  *Position Summary:* Actively participate in workflow validation and optimization build efforts within the Epic Willow application; to include work flow analysis and redesign.  *Duties and Responsibilities: * * Workflow analysis and design for optimal system usage, increased process efficiencies, and improved patient care * Design, build, and test application functionality within Epic environment; to include participating in WFWT (Workflow Walk-Through) for operational dress rehearsals * Assist with testing efforts; identify issues and make necessary application changes  *Requirements:* * Epic Willow certification paired with 2+ years of relevant experience (required) * Analyst experience must include work flow analysis / design / redesign / validation, application design/build/test, as well as issue resolution  * Excellent communication skills; oral and written * Proven ability to be self-directed and work on collaborative teams   * Bachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent combination of education and experience * Lead experience is a plus     
334:salary 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	We are currently looking for an energetic individual for our VC backed Internet company, Become.com to help expand our client base in various vertical markets. The ideal person has demonstrated proven B-to-B sales experience in a fast paced start-up environment. This person will be responsible for prospecting, out-bounding, negotiating and closing numerous large and medium accounts and must have good prioritization skills with attention to detail. We would like to bring on someone with a good deal of sales experience, especially in the online and ecommerce market.  Specializing in CPC, CPA, CPM, or CPL business models would be a definite plus for us. This is not a 100% commission role, it will be base salary with commission upside potential.   Responsibilities:  • Outbound 30-50 calls per day to prospects  • Effectively and enthusiastically communicate the benefits of partnering with Become.com  • Negotiate and close deals  • Work closely with other teams in the organization  • Track sales activity on a daily basis  • Report on industry trends and feedback from prospects  • Manage or help manage new clients within first 90 days of signing up    Qualifications/Experience:  • Demonstrated cold calling skills in B-to-B sales  • Excellent verbal and written communications skills  • Ability to multi-task in a fast paced work environment  • Good customer service and problem-solving skills  • Thrives in a goal driven environment  • Knowledgeable of the internet industry and Proficient with MS Office applications (Outlook, Word, Excel)  • BA/BS degree  •  2-4  years of sales experience preferred  • Start-up experience a plus with understanding of CPC, CPA, CPM and CPL business models  
347:licence-needed supervising-job	Manager - Front Load Operations    Waste Services Company in Sterling, VA has an opportunity for an experienced Manager for our Front Load Operations Department.     This position is responsible for managing drivers; route scheduling and optimization, monitoring and back-up (cover routes when short staffed).  Will respond to and resolve issues from City, County and State officials. You will be required to ensure the timely resolution of FL/Commercial Customer service issues.       Communicate regularly with upper management on FL department status and issues.  Maintain standards of performance of drivers.     A valid CDL and transportation supervisory experience is required.  Waste Industry and/or Trucking experience is preferred.  Good verbal and written communications skills are necessary.  Excellent customer service skills are required.  Bilingual in Spanish is a plus. Experience communicating and interacting with individuals on all levels (i.e. employees, customers, vendors and upper management) in a professional manner is essential.     Salary DOE.  Benefits include Health, Dental, Life and AD&D, Paid Time Off (PTO).    
357:2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	M&M Associates is a direct response advertising agency with large, national accounts. Founded in 1987, we are a highly creative, profitable and client-driven agency, specializing in retail, telecommunications and financial services.    If you are a creative thinker and enjoy working in a fast-paced environment, you could be the right candidate for this challenging and rewarding position.    We offer comprehensive benefits, including medical, prescription, dental and a 401K plan. To be considered, your salary requirements must be included with your resume.      Responsibilities:    - Handle multiple projects in a team environment.    - Ensure that our clients' marketing and timing objectives are being met.    - Modify and improve existing marketing materials.    - Develop strong, creative concepts based on clients' branding and marketing objectives.      Requirements:    - Degree in Advertising, Communications, English, Journalism, Marketing or Public Relations    - Two or more years of related experience    - Knowledge of direct marketing and graphic design    - Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, PowerPoint and Excel)      M&M Associates, Inc., 301 Oxford Valley Road, Suite 1305, Yardley, PA 19067.     No phone calls, please.  
366:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Jolly is looking for a Customer Service / Sales Operations Manager to manage the customer support and sales of the world's #1 access management and photo identification software that runs on Micorosft Windows, the web and mobile devices.    Jolly Technologies ( www.example.com ) a San Carlos, CA based highly successful company with *29 quarters in a row of uninterrupted growth* is the #1 trusted brand in physical security software space. Jolly has over 15,000 customers (www.example.com) in 120 countries. Jolly products are used for issuing photo identification badges to employees, contractors, visitors, students, event attendees, club members, etc. and control and track their access to facilities.    Jolly offers health and dental insurance, fitness club subsidy, retirement fund contribution and regular paid vacation and holidays.      *Responsibilities*  Recruit, manage, discipline and mentor the customer services / sales staff  Oversee the administration of customer service / sales department policies  Establish procedures and communicate them to the customer service / sales team  Support and ensure accurate and on-time order fulfillment  Determine customer service requirements by maintaining contact with customers  Coordinate and schedule meetings and appointments  Arrange conference calls and webinars  Assist in presentation preparation and send out collateral to clients  Manage customer data in CRM (SugarCRM)  Coordinate with finance, legal and HR on the entire sales process    *Requirements*  5+ years of customer service / sales operations management experience  Experience in managing technical support for software products  Ability to lead diverse teams to achieve common goals  Good Verbal / Written Communication Skills   Technically Proficient  (MS SQL, Oracle, LDAP)  Strong communication and presentation skills (Excel, PowerPoint, GoToMeeting)  Very High Level of Customer Service   Wins Customers Trust and Confidence with High Level of Ethics and Professionalism   Strong references from previous managers/supervisors    *Application Process*  Due to the large volume of resumes that we receive, we request that applicants follow the procedure below. Applications that do not adhere to the format will be ignored. We apologize if this causes any inconvenience.    Reply to jobs.2011 (at) jollytech.com with the subject *“IND-CSM-SC”*  In the first line of the email include your education details  In the second line include your last 3 job titles and employers  In the third line include your desired salary  Include 3-5 bulleted points listing your top strengths and top measurable achievements (please be concise)  Finally, attach a summarized one page resume -- preferably in .PDF format
368:licence-needed salary supervising-job full-time-job	Nursing Supervisor  Registered Nurse with Health Care Managerial Experience.  *Salary Range:* competitive salary   *Hours:* Full time   *Shift:* 2nd shift, Monday thru Friday  *Essential Duties and Responsibilities of the RN Supervisor:* • Coordinate and manage as part of the Interdisciplinary Team • Interpersonal skills with Residents, Families and Staff  • Knowledge of State and Federal Regulations in Long Term Care • Encourage accurate and timely Resident documentation
376:supervising-job salary	JOB TITLE:  AUTOMATION/CONTROLS ENGINEER  DEPARTMENT:  AUTOMATION PROCESS /ELECTRICAL  _____________________________________________________________________________________  REQUIREMENTS:  1.     Have a working knowledge of plant operations and locations of equipment where to lock-out.  2.     Know safety procedures and rules of Mountain Cement Company and M.S.H.A..  3.     Safe and logical approach to trouble shooting.  4.     Have an in-depth knowledge of computers, instrumentation, electrical applications and controls, and programming.  5.     Have a good mechanical knowledge.  6.     Have the ability to follow instructions and take directions from management personnel.  7.     Provides vacation/training relief for the Electrical Supervisor and will participate in the on-call after hour’s program.  JOB SUMMARY:  Under the general supervision of the Maintenance Manager, the Automation Engineer will learn to or enhance skills to maintain, repair, and troubleshoot electrical, electronic, and computer equipment.  Must be able to read and interpret electronic and electrical drawings.  Converts data from project specifications and statements of problems and procedures to create or modify computer programs: Prepares, or receives detailed workflow chart and diagram to illustrate sequence of steps that program must follow and to describe input, output, and logical operations involved. Analyze workflow chart and diagram, applying knowledge of computer capabilities, subject matter, and symbolic logic. Confers with supervisor and representatives of departments concerned with program to resolve questions of program intent, data input, output requirements, and inclusion of internal checks and controls. Converts detailed logical flow chart to language processable by computer.   Enter program codes into computer system. Inputs test data into computer. Observe computer monitor screen to interpret program operating codes. Corrects’ program errors, using methods such as modifying program or altering sequence of program steps.  Plans, designs, co-ordinates and schedules specific control system improvements. Analyzes, reviews, and rewrites programs to increase operating efficiency or to adapt program to new requirements. Compiles and writes documentation of program development and subsequent revisions. May train workers to use program and may assist Computer Operator to resolve problems in running computer program. Will work to obtain and analyze project specifications and flow charts. May direct and coordinate work of others to write, test, and modify computer programs.  Troubleshooting, programming and experience with instrumentation; 4-20ma, 1-5 VDC, analog controls, weigh feeders, Rockwell/Allen Bradley Control Logix & Powerflex Drives, General Electric, Foxboro, Yokogawa, ABB Controls, Westinghouse Numa-Logic Controls, Opacity Monitors, NOX - SOX Instrumentation, Wonderware System Platform, PLC’s and PC’s.  TYPICAL DUTIES:  Uses blueprints, circuit diagrams, and manufacturer manuals and schematics to properly position, hook up, and maintain such things as control devices, recorders, indicating instruments, SCR drives, programmable controllers etc..  May perform routine inspections and preventative maintenance of controls and instrumentation, recorders, gas analyzers, automatic weighing devices and other similar equipment to ensure continuous and accurate operation.  May diagnose and repair malfunctioning electrical and electronic equipment.  Use portable test equipment and internal test modules, to locate, isolate, and repair malfunctions. Maintain appropriate records on maintenance and programming as designated by the Maintenance Manager.  Maintains work areas in a safe, clean and orderly condition.  Strictly observes safe operating procedures using provided safety equipment and following established lock out safety procedures established under M.S.H.A. and Mountain Cement Safety Program.  Performs other work as directed.  Salary to commensurate with experience.
384:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	This is your opportunity to take your veterinary medical experience from a clinical setting to an office environment! PetFirst Healthcare, the fastest growing Pet Insurance Company in North America is seeking a Veterinary Claims Coordinator.  Candidates will be responsible for procuring veterinary records and information while interpreting, coding and understanding medical terminology in relation to diagnoses and procedures.  Will also spend time entering claims data into system and will make recommendation on policy holder payout amounts.  This position is an excellent role for someone with previous Vet Tech experience.    Principle Duties and Responsibilities:  • Handles veterinary record and document retrieval through phone, email and mail correspondence  •  Processes claim forms  • Adjudicates for allocation of deductibles, co-pays, co-insurance maximums and provider reimbursements  • Follows adjudication policies and procedures to ensure proper payment of claims  • Provides prompt customer service to members, providers and other internal company entities regarding claims  • Documents phone calls in system and follows up on issues if needed  • Handles all calls promptly and effectively per company standards while at the same time focusing on building rapport  • Resolves problems resulting from claim adjudication and customer service phone calls  • Builds strong knowledge of services offered to assist in customer up-sell  • Audits randomly selected claims to ensure quality processing  • Tracks ongoing service issues  • Prepares reports as required by management  • Researches claim overpayments and requests funds    Candidate Specifications:  • Three years veterinary medical experience or equivalency required (licensed Vet Tech preferred)  • Ability to operate in a fast-pace, multi-tasking environment with deadlines   • Strong written, verbal, interpersonal, and phone communication skills  • Articulate, professional, and possesses a strong quality customer service mindset with attention to detail  • Strong computer background using MS Word, Outlook, Excel, and Internet  • Ability to learn quickly (to include our proprietary CRM system for managing customers)  • Excellent tracking, follow-up, and relationship building skills  • Ability to identify problems and logically research with minimum assistance to locate answer through appropriate reference materials  • Proven history of adherence to corporate policies, procedures, and guidelines  • Proven Attendance Reliability  • High school diploma or equivalency    PetFirst Healthcare was named #1 Fastest Growing Company in the Louisville, KY area in 2010. We have a lively yet laid back work atmosphere that fosters an environment of success for our employees.   Learn more about our growing company at www.example.com.   
387:supervising-job	- Assist Area Manager as requested on the pre/post planning of new customer contracts. Provide on-site operational management during the implementation process post sale and throughout the term of the contract.  -Manage a particular account or specific job function at an account. Customer account may change at the discretion of the Area Manager to ensure equal distribution of work amongst the leadership team.  -Manage Teams with specific emphasis on performance improvement and accountability. Effectively communicate verbally and in written form with customers (internally/externally) and maintain good customer relations on an ongoing basis.  -Plan and perform training support for Operations employees to develop their potential and ability to function in their jobs at an optimal level.  -Reinforce Human Resources policies and procedures within Operations and oversee that full compliance is adhered to.  -Work in partnership with key functional departments (HR, Training, Acct, Sales, Claims) to contribute to a more efficient and consistent way of communicating.  -Must be detail oriented, well organized with the ability to work independently. Should exercise good judgment and have the flexibility to respond quickly to the demands of Metropolitan client administrators.  - This is an outdoor-related position.
394:supervising-job 1-year-experience-needed	Silverback Strategies is a premiere Washington D.C.-based Search Marketing Firm looking to hire an SEO Manager to support our rapidly growing client base.   Description:  The SEO Manager will assist the Director of Search in all phases of the SEO process, including keyword research, competitive analysis, technical site analysis, content strategy and implementation, link strategy and implementation, regular reporting and client management.   Primary Responsibilities:  Although the day-to-day tasks of an SEO Manager will vary widely depending on client needs, typical responsibilities will include:  -Planning and execution of client SEO strategies -Keyword research and competitive analysis across a wide variety of topics and verticals -Develop and implement client linking strategies including seeking out high-value external links to increase domain authority -Execute deep analytics to discover trends, opportunities and weaknesses -Send regular reports to clients to keep them up-to-date on campaign performance -Maintain regular communication with clients to ensure client satisfaction and reinforce campaign goals   Requirements:  The ideal candidate will have:  -At least 1-2 years of proven SEO success -Great communication skills, written and verbal -Exceptional analytical skills -Knowledge of latest SEO best practices -Working knowledge of industry-standard tools -Ability to manage multiple short-term and long-term projects and be effective at task and timeline management -Knack for locating trends and opportunities in all aspects of campaign management/performance -Must work well in an small group environment  To apply for this position, please upload your resume at: www.example.com
406:full-time-job supervising-job associate-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	Carpenter / Maintenance Technician Needed  Premium Property Solutions -- Bridgewater, MA 02324  Premium Property Solutions is in need of Lead Carpenter/Maintenance Technician to join our Construction & Renovation Team. We are a full service Construction & Maintenance company that provides innovative and flexible solutions to meet the needs of Commercial & Residential clients. We distinguish ourselves by developing a highly skilled team of professionals that are customer focused and detail oriented.    In this role, you will perform necessary carpentry repairs on commercial & residential construction projects and will have direct responsibility for project execution while leading a crew to accomplish project specifications in a timely manner to meet customer expectations and timeline goals.   The Lead must have knowledge of all phases of construction including but not limited to the following: - Possess knowledge of materials, methods and tools involved in construction, rough and finish carpentry work. - Install cabinetry, countertops and appliances. - Repair and installation of hardwood flooring - Installation of interior and exterior doors. - Painting of walls and ceilings. - Repair and replacement of windows (all types including new construction) - Repair and replace interior and exterior door locks. - Repair and installation of plaster and sheetrock (walls and ceilings) - Ensure all projects are in compliance with internal project procedures, client contract processes as well as local authority codes. - Support the project management function by assisting with change order proposals. - Work with Sub-contractors on assigned projects. - Effectively communicate project via verbal, email or written status updates to Project Manager/Administrator. - Reporting of daily job reports - Immediate Reporting of any Safety/hazard conditions and any accidents/medical conditions. - Oversee any material purchasing and submitting documents to project manager. - Take and process photos - Demonstrate ability to cope with stress and maintain a pleasant and cooperative temperament with team members and clients - Promote a safe and professional work environment at all times. - Complete work ethically and morally. Improving efficiency of work as needed. - Flexibility to work overtime/weekends, when necessary on call -Ability to learn basic computer field constructions software -Must be willing to travel various sites in company assigned territories in Mass.     MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS (Education, Licenses, Skills and/or Abilities Required): - Must be able to pass random drug testing and criminal background check. - Must have a clean driving record for past 7 years. - Must have own basic hand tools. - Associates degree OR minimum of 3 years of experience in the construction Industry or related field, or an equivalent combination of education and experience. - Residential Remodel / Repair 3+ years - OSHA 10 Required - Mass CSL Required - Knowledge of the common practices, tools and terminology of the construction trade. - Ability to work from specifications, follow rough sketches and/or oral instructions - Ability to estimate time and materials needed - Ability to operate common woodworking machinery. - Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions to promote a safe working environment. - Ability to read, write and do mathematics associated with carpentry work.    PHYSICAL DEMANDS: Physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.  While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk, hear, walk, sit, and use hands to operate computer keyboard and telephone. The employee is occasionally required to reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; and stoop, kneel or crouch. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 25 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds.  Premium Property Solutions offer competitive compensation that aligns with our business strategies and comprehensive benefits to help you live your healthiest. We are committed to building an inclusive and diverse culture that engages as well as values the different backgrounds and experiences of our employees. 
412:bs-degree-needed supervising-job	*Another great opportunity brought to you by Bradley Harris & Associates, a specialized agency recruiting top talent within the Senior Living industry.*    *Experienced Executive Directors*    *High-end Independent, Assisted Living & Memory Care Community*    The Executive Director is responsible for the day-to-day operations of the community including the profit and loss. S/he coordinates, plans, implements, monitors, directs, and evaluates all aspects of operations including supervision, support, and coaching of employees. The Executive Director also meets financial expectations, maintains high resident and family satisfaction, and ensures a quality, service/customer orientated staff. In addition, s/he manages the community based on policies, procedures, and guidelines. The Executive Director is fully knowledgeable of all state and federal regulations, guidelines, and reporting pertinent to the day-to-day operation of the community.    *EDUCATION*    Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Human Resources Administration, Gerontology or other course of study that relates to service to the elderly, preferred.    *PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE*    Demonstrated, successful operations experience specific to independent, assisted, Alzheimer’s, communities, Hospitality & Customer relations related fields.   
414:salary 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Senior Financial Analyst - 65 to 80k plus bonus  •  Lead the monthly variance analyses of actual financial results (P&L, Balance Sheet, Cash Flow).  Collaborate with senior leaders of the Business Unit to clearly articulate the linkage between operational and financial performance. •  Create and maintain forecasting processes based on key operational assumptions to accurately predict future performance.  Lead the rolling forecast process and consolidate Business Unit projections at the departmental, plant  and enterprise levels.  Work with leadership to develop and propose plans to address deviations from targets. •  Analyze customer profitability, with emphasis on product costing and margins analysis.  Works closely with leadership team to identify opportunities to improve overall profitability of the business segments.   •  Analyze proposed business opportunities, projects and other pending decisions, both strategic and tactical to determine impact on company’s financial results and to identify ways to improve the economics for the company. •  Prepare financial schedules, reports and presentations for various groups, including Corporate Head Office, Controllers Group and CEO & other senior leaders. •  Develop annual budget supported by tactical actions to deliver results aligned with strategic objectives.  Implement ongoing improvements to the Budget process. •  Support ad hoc analysis & projects in support of the strategy of the business.  •  Ensure that internal controls included in FP&A processes are properly performed for all activities in conjunction and adherence to Sarbanes-Oxley guidelines.     EXPECTATIONS -   • An experienced financial analyst who will develop analysis to lead change.  Must have ability to influence others with conclusions of the financial analysis so the business can attain the targeted objectives. • Confident team player with strong interpersonal skills who can work across multiple functions to achieve goals. • Active analyst skill set which can construct complex financial models that parallel the business options and outlook.  • Fosters teamwork, leads change and demonstrates integrity. • Possesses a “whatever it takes to get the job done” attitude; goal and deadline oriented. • Self-motivated and goal-oriented person with a drive to succeed. • Possesses irrefutable business and personal ethics.   SKILLS/QUALIFICATIONS/EXPERIENCE  -  BS in Finance or Accounting required; CPA and/or MBA a plus -  Minimum 2 years of related experience in financial analysis or public accounting -  Ability to analyze complex information, draw logical conclusions about business implications and identify actions - Strong interpersonal, written and oral communication skills including the ability to present and explain financial results in a credible, professional manner to wide variety of audiences - Experienced with Excel, Access and PowerPoint - Strong knowledge of management reporting practices and solid familiarity related to US GAAP.   
430:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	Position Responsibilities    Targets and achieves call plan metrics to specified accounts within the assigned territory, which may include physicians’ offices, clinics, hospitals, retail pharmacies or other venues where assigned accounts operate.     Presents approved clinical information to influence physician decision makers, practitioners, other account personnel and pharmacy staff, in support of the company product, while focusing on best patient outcomes.     Develops and implements a territory business plan which is aligned to and consistent with marketing and account management strategies and tactics.     Demonstrates full understanding of REMs, incorporates and implements a REMs pull through plan into the territory level business plan.     Demonstrates in-depth knowledge of the company product and associated disease states, the pharmaceutical market space and the customers’ business objectives to support a rich sales interaction with medical professionals.     Develops productive relationships with key influencers within the assigned territory to support business development and gain access to area decision-makers.     Accesses marketing and account management partners and other company sales representatives to increase sales results and product growth both in the assigned territory and beyond.     Prepares in advance of company meetings by completing assignments fully and to specification.     Accurately and fully submits assigned reports, including expense reporting, by due dates.     Maintains and is accountable to operate within company policy for use of for all provided company property, including assigned company fleet car, physicians’ contact information lists, call records, computers, PDAs or cell phones, company credit cards, manuals, textbooks, marketing materials and other assigned equipment     All responsibilities of the Pain Sales Specialist are carried out with strict adherence to all HCC and company guidelines for selling, messaging, and use of marketing materials.     Experience/Knowledge     A minimum of a Bachelors degree is required.     Three or more years of direct selling experience to healthcare professionals in the pharmaceutical, biotech, or healthcare industries. Experience in Pain and/or Oncology preferred.     Demonstrated ability to achieve sales goals with documented track record of sales performance required; top 30% in sales organization preferred.     Local account and customer relationships     Success in key account management selling environment (MD., RN, office staff, RPh)     Strategic thinking, analytical and reasoning abilities.     Excellent written and interpersonal communication skills. Ability to get along with diverse personalities. Demonstrates tactfulness, maturity and flexibility.     Individual performer with ability to work cross functionally with team members, internal team business partners and customers to achieve objectives.     Individuals must live within the current geography or willing to relocate to it.     A valid driver's license, clean driving record and the ability to travel as necessary (potentially overnight and/or weekend) are required.   
434:supervising-job salary full-time-job bs-degree-needed	*Chief Executive Officer (CEO) - Inpatient Behavioral Health / Psych - New Mexico*   MedQuest Search Solutions, Inc., the nation's leading healthcare executive search firm is conducting a search for a Chief Executive Officer for an inpatient psych in Greater Albuquerque, New Mexico. This facility is apart of a growing national company who provides superior behavioral healthcare for the people, communities and hospitals they serve.  This facility provides inpatient acute treatment programs designed for adults and older adults.  Looking for strong and experienced CEO to set the course for behavioral health at this facility.    *Job Requirements:*  • Bachelor's Degree required. • **Recent experience working as a behavioral executive, CEO, COO or Director at a Behavioral health facility A MUST*** • Strong Knowledge of behavioral health management practices • Knowledge of New Mexico state and federal regs • Experience building census necessary  *My client is offering a solid compensation package including a base salary up to 180K, a solid bonus %, industry leading executive benefits package, and a fantastic relocation package.*  *For questions or confidential consideration and interview, call Rushi Patel at  XXX  x209 or apply here.*        Keywords: psychiatry, treatment services, behavioral health director, executive director, program director, treatment program, geropsych, geriatric, residential, inpatient psych, Director of Psychiatry, COO, CEO, Director of Behavioral Health, chief executive officer, chief operating officer, LCSW, MHA, MSW, MBA, Administrator Psych Unit, inpatient behavioral health, LSW, private psych hospital, for-profit, non-profit, New Mexico, Phoenix, Albuquerque, Las Cruces, Sante Fe, CO, AZ, Colorado Springs, Denver, Tucson, TX, Texas, Dallas, Fort Worth, Lubbock, Midland, Los Alamos, Carlsbad, Gallup, Los Lunes
443:supervising-job bs-degree-needed full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed hourly-wage	Job Title:   Network Engineer/Information Assurance Lead Program:   OPTARSS II Security Clearance:  Top Secret/SCI Work Location:  Joint Base Lewis McChord (JBLM) Hire Type:   New     Replacement Employee Type:  Hourly (full-time)     Salary (full-time)     Other: ________ Number of Positions: 1 Targeted Start Date:  12/01/2014   General Summary:  Infinite Services & Solutions, Inc. is looking for an experienced, highly skilled Network Engineer/Information Assurance Lead to join our professional team providing mission training services for a Mission Training Complex.   Essential Duties and Responsibilities:   1. Act as the overall communications architect and Alternate Information Assurance Support Officer (IASO) for the Mission Training Complex 2. Responsible for coordination with outside agencies and MTC branches 3. Create/establish communications architecture, coordinate communications plans, configure communications equipment, implement Information Assurance processes, and assist in installing equipment and circuitry in support of distributed exercises 4. Coordinate all aspects of the communications architecture and exercise support plans with communications planners at other simulation facilities, the JBLM NEC, and participating tactical units 5. Plans include distribution of data, voice, and VTC over both LAN and WAN in both classified and unclassified modes for simulations/stimulation networks; NIPRNET, SIPRNET, and tactical networks.  Minimum Qualifications:  To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skills, and/or abilities required.   Education and/or Experience Requirements:  1. Bachelor's Degree from an accredited institution in Network Management or related field 2. 8 years experience in Network architecture design and implementation  3. Possess advanced planning, troubleshooting and maintenance skills on the Microsoft server platform and CISCO router, switch and firewall configuration and SONET configuration/architecture  4. Have a strong understanding of technology integration and information flow including LAN/WAN, firewalls, security, storage, and backup methodologies 5. Knowledge of specific product lines (Cisco, Fujitsu, Hewlett Packard, Tripwire) 6. Understand the DIACAP Certification &Accreditation process and Information Assurance requirements 7. Certified in network administration and IA Certification IAW DoDI 8570.01, DoD 8570.01-M, and AR 25-2 8. Excellent organizational, writing, and communication skills are required.  9. Position requires close customer contact and the ability to work independently and creatively.  10. Successful candidates must exhibit the ability to effectively communicate with clients, colleagues, and senior government officials.    11. Must be proficient in the following Microsoft applications: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook 12. Must be proficient in the English Language with good communication skills   Supervision:    Physical demands described herein are representative of those that must be met to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position.  While performing the duties of this position, the employee may be required to sit, talk and/or hear. The employee is frequently required to walk; use hands and fingers to feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision.  The work environment characteristics described herein are representative of those an employee may encounter while performing the essential functions of this job.  The employee will normally work in a temperature-controlled office environment, with frequent exposure to electronic office equipment. May be times when an employee is exposed to extreme cold or hot weather conditions. Rarely will an employee be exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and loud noise.  Infinite Services & Solutions, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We offer a dynamic benefits package to include competitive salary, medical, dental, vision, life and disability insurance, 401(k) plan, and employee recognition.   Resume along with salary requirements should be submitted to:
446:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Candidate Screening Questions  1. If the candidate does not have a tertiary degree or diploma, do they have at least 5 years of supervisory experience in a retail setting?  2. If the candidate does have a tertiary degree or diploma, do they have at least 3 years supervisory experience in a retail setting?  3. Does the candidate have experience with both hardline and softline product?    Candidate Experience  • 2+ to 5 years of experience   • Management Experience Required – Yes  • Minimum Education - High School or Equivalent  • Willingness to Travel - Occasionally   • Visa Candidates Considered - No      This company is a great place to work because:  • Established in 1919, stable and growing organization.  • 85 cents of every dollar made in a Goodwill store goes directly back to the community.  • An opportunity to work for a non-profit organization.  • Make a difference while you work.  • Great benefits, generous Paid Time Off.    Detailed Bounty Description  This position is responsible for maximizing sales and revenues by overseeing the overall merchandising and visual presentation within organizational guidelines, and providing quality customer service while supporting the Goodwill/Easter Seals mission.    Duties include demonstrating to customers that we have value-priced products in a friendly, clean, and easy-to-shop environment; modeling excellent customer service on the sales floor; ensuring the store's visual presentation is exciting and promotes sales; and assuming manager-on-duty responsibilities as needed.    Skills and Certifications Required  • Hardline Experience   • Softline Experience   • Supervisory/Management Experience     Description of the Ideal Candidate  • Energetic, engaged, intelligent  • Used to using initiative to find new tasks/projects, and takes pride in completing these projects  • Ambitious, wants to be a Store Manager one day    The ideal candidate has worked for these companies:  Target, Best Buy, Toys R Us.  Any big-box retailer with high SKU count.  Walmart candidates are not a fit.  
447:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	Responsibilities  Depending on the development phase of the project, accountabilities can be summarised as management and enablement of the following activities:  § Establish and implement the project controls process and system.  § Provide the Project with the list of plans required to execute the project and their hierarchy relationship.  § Develop the cost management procedures  § Develop the planning and progress monitoring procedures.  § Provide project management support in the development of cost breakdown structures, estimates, records and forecasts for the timely submission into the investment documentation, the annual corporate planning cycle, or partner cash calling submissions.  § Provide project management support in the development of the work breakdown structure, activities, logic, resources and progress of the integrated project schedule, i.e. baseline Develop Cost Time and Resource (CTR) sheets for phased cost estimates for the project in line with the company guidance.  § Provide the Project Manager with accurate monthly cost reports  § Provide the Project Manager with monthly progress updates, forecast completions, together with the critical path and trend analyses.  § Develop contract pricing and administration instructions for alignment with the cost breakdown structure, bid evaluations and company counter estimates to support contract award recommendations.  § Develop the contract key dates, milestones and Company plan dates for alignment with the overall integrated plan, in evaluating bid schedules and in reviewing contractor plans to support contract award recommendations.  § Apply probabilistic techniques to determine and communicate the possible range of cost and schedule outcomes for the project.  § Analyse of trends that offer early warning of any deviations  § Assess the impact of approved Review scope change requests for the total installed cost & schedule impact  § Prepare reconciliations between earlier cost estimates and the current cost forecast.  § Establish and deliver IM framework, documenting project strategy and plan for knowledge, data, document, and correspondence management, collaboration, application and infrastructure support.  § Ensure that IM strategy and plan comply requirements for handover to customer operating companies and EPC contractors.  § Manage interaction with other disciplines on the project, such as Project Management, Project Engineering, HSE, Discipline Engineering, Finance, Contracting & Procurement, etc, Create a clear relationship with the Finance & Contracting and Procurement functions in the project and align the respective on roles, responsibilities and deliverables.  § Identify, implement and maintain the complete controls structure, tools and procedures needed for the Project based on the contracting strategy, execution plan and the risks identified.   Skills / Experience Required   § Engineering Degree and/or Certification as Project Services Manager or equivalent § Minimum of 15+ year’s industry experience in project services management positions across all project phases. Requires particular competency in Mid Stream early project development and execution.  § Experience in managing large multi discipline teams of senior project services personnel.  § A high degree of skill in written and oral communications. 
448:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Title:   Plant Superintendent  – Rock Hill, SC  Reports To:  Vice President – Rock Hill, SC  Reports:  Production Supervisors     Manufacturing Engineering Manager     Plant Engineer     Maintenance Technicians     Logistics Coordinator  SUMMARY  Manage production planning and scheduling, shop workforce and plant maintenance to meet or exceed production goals.  Insures company production objectives are achieved at the lowest cost consistent with safety and quality requirements. Plans, specifies and directs installation, maintenance and repair of production machinery, tools, material handling equipment and utility systems.        RESPONSIBILITIES  o Direct /perform production planning to efficiently utilize manpower and equipment at the lowest cost and to meet or exceed the needs of our customers.     o Develops short and long-range maintenance plans for all equipment and facilities, for operator, preventative and predictive maintenance.  Implements maintenance plans to maintain orderly production and working conditions.    o Recommends, develops and, when approved, implements technology improvements throughout the plant.    o Manage the Manufacturing Engineering Manager, Plant Engineer and production supervision team to meet or exceed the production schedule.     o Ensures productive operations by determining work priorities and directing maintenance resources (both internal and external).     o Controls manufacturing tooling, supplies and maintenance spending.      o Support and initiate Lean manufacturing, cost reduction and continuous improvement initiatives.     o Participates with production management to assure accuracy of standards to minimize efficiency variances.    o Responsible for promoting a safe and healthy work environment.     o Participates in the recruitment and selection of subordinate staff.  Manages, trains, schedules and monitors subordinate staff.    o Assists in the recruitment and selection of shop employees.     o Assists Vice President in achieving company goals      KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES  o Knowledge of the principles of mechanical, hydraulic, pneumatic and electrical systems.  o Basic knowledge of metallurgical principles.  o Knowledge of chip making, grinding, lapping and heat-treating technology.   Interpersonal, team building, and leadership skills.   o Skill in blueprint reading and knowledge of GDT.   o Experience in implementing Lean – World Class Manufacturing methods.  o Thorough knowledge of maintenance policies and practices.   o Ability to communicate clearly, both orally and in writing; excellent computer skills, to include CAD and ERP experience.    MINIMUM EXPERIENCE AND TRAINING    o B.S. degree, preferably in engineering and minimum ten years experience in discrete parts manufacturing environment, including at least five years management experience in operations managing multiple disciplines (including maintenance).  o Scheduling and inventory control experience in a discrete parts manufacturing environment.    If interested and qualified, please send a word attached version of your resume, I will review it and contact you with questions.    Thanks!  Gina Shaffer  Partner, Hire Demand, LLC  20436 Route 19, Suite 620  Cranberry Twp, PA 16066   XXX   direct    
450:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job salary full-time-job	A successful restaurant chain created in France is opening it's first restaurant in Los Angeles this Fall. We are looking for a CREATIVE and experienced Kitchen Manager to join our team. We are a small, casual dining restaurant serving salads, sandwiches, pasta and a variety of hot dishes. We take great pride in serving healthy, organic food make with locally supplied fresh ingredients.     *Kitchen Manager / Chef*    *Duties:*  • The immediate need will be to assist the Director in developing new healthy recipes and planning the menu  • Management and development of kitchen staff (2-3 person)  • Ensure proper staff performance  • Be the model for team and for future Franchisees  • Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed  • Ready to take the place of anyone in the kitchen  • Maintain food quality standards  • Ensures cleanliness standards  • Work with the director (franchisee / owner of the restaurant) to optimize our purchasing costs and production  • Work with the director (franchisee / owner of the restaurant) to develop and optimize our Catering Service  • Manage the purchases and stock  • Enforcement of Product data sheets   • Demonstrate rigor and creativity in the kitchen    • Assist the Director in planning and establishing employee-related policies.  • Assist the Director in planning, developing, and establishing customer service policies and objectives.    This job requires a presence with staggered hours. He or she will report directly to the director / owner of the restaurant.    *Possible evolution of the Job:*  • Director of one Restaurant  • Franchisee    *Salary:*  Annual salary DOE plus bonus    *Skills/Qualifications:*  • At least 3 years kitchen management experience is required   • Professionalism, honesty, respect for others, teamwork, involvement, speed, passion for the customer  • Product Knowledge, Quality Focus, Problem Solving, Market Knowledge, Listening, Resolving Conflict, Analyzing Information, Multi-tasking food related.  • Knowledge and experience of Catering  • Knowledge and experience of \"home made\" products  • Pastry knowledge would be a plus  • Respect of the environment       *To apply:*  • Enter job code \"PLA-01\" in the SUBJECT LINE of email  • Attach your resume in Microsoft Word or PDF format only  • Include a brief cover letter   • Include your salary expectations    We review all resumes submitted. Do not apply more than once.     
455:supervising-job	Great opportunity!  The Gilbert Family is hiring a Service Manager, Ford experience preferred.   Busy, privately owned and family operated dealers  The Gilbert Family has been serving Okeechobee for over 80 years, experience counts.  Don’t miss this chance to make a move!  STRONG PRODUCTS, PAY & BENEFITS!  Drug Free Workplace  EOE
456:supervising-job	Shake Shack is hiring   Managers with All Levels of Experience!    MUST BE...   Energetic, Enthusiastic and have a passion for   managing people and fostering a great sense of teamwork.      MUST DO…  As a member of the Shake Shack management team you will be responsible for managing and directing the daily operations of Shake Shack, and most importantly, upholding our standards of excellence and hospitality.  Plus, there is a HUGE potential for growth!    MUST APPLY!  To apply, please email your resume AND cover letter  and please write “SHACKBURGER” in the subject line .  
459:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	Job Summary: The OEM Sales Manager (is responsible for the management of an assigned geographic area, the sales of electronic components, the achievement of a sales quota in the assigned territory, and insuring the support staff is properly trained and functioning.    Functional Requirements: The incumbent must possess the ability to perform the following essential functions:  •  Achieve the sales quotas assigned in each fiscal period. •  Prepare a three-year sales plan for assigned customer base to include support staff. •  Train the sales force and insure equitable distribution of effort for each product area by staying informed about each product group. •  Insure visitors to customers leave with a positive feeling about SMA efforts in the U.S. •  Develop communications procedures to insure that your customer base can be supported from all levels within Sharp. •  Assure effectiveness of regional sales managers, manufacturers' representatives and distributors by proper direction and sales support of their activities. •  Develops and maintains positive interpersonal relationships through visits and other methods of communications with manufacturers' representatives, distributors and key accounts with respect to sales problem solving. •  Assure product flow, order fulfillment and commitments by communicating with respective personnel:  accounts, manufacturers' representatives, distributors, order processing, credit and administrative departments. •  Maintain marketing and product competitiveness by the continual gathering of information and the reporting of all information to management. •  Participate in trade shows and seminars as required, in addition to generating new ideas for improved programs, products, and merchandising activities. •  Help in developing and maintaining an effective field sales force.  This may include manufacturers' representative and/or distributor searches, conducting initial interviews, and sales support to appointed sales companies, the continuous review of sales activities, and recommendations for appointments or termination of all sales organizations.  Job Requirements:  1.  Minimum of four-year college degree in a technical field.   2.  Minimum of ten years experience in the electronics industry with a strong reputation in the assigned territory.   3.  Senior level customer management recommendations preferred.     To apply, please email resume to example@example.com c.com.  In the subject line, be sure to include in the following order, the HR REQ#, your name, and the job title for which you are applying Sharp is an equal opportunity employer m/f/d/v
461:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	ATEC STEEL is an industry leader in the manufacturing and construction of above ground field welded tanks, ASME pressure vessels, shop built API tanks and specialty steel fabrication. Our products and services are utilized in the petroleum, petrochemical, refining, power, renewable fuels and water markets.  Baxter Springs, Kansas is our headquarters with a manufacturing facility offering precision fabrication, with in-house engineering and quality assurance.      Reports To: Fabrication Division Manager    Qualifications  • Experience- Minimum of 12 years experience in industry of fabrication to support power and energy industries, 3 years estimating experience. Educational time spent in Engineering or Engineering Technology program may account for up to half the 12 year requirement.  • Specific Experience- Candidate must have estimating experience with either ASME Pressure Vessels of API Tanks or Both.  • Education- College Degree preferred but not required if candidate has intensive industry experience. Engineering Degree a Big PLUS.  • Location- Monthly travel to Baxter Springs, Kansas Area required, full relocation not required.  • Computer Skills- Proficient in Word, Excel, and Power point.  • Demonstrated skills to estimate ASME Code vessels and shop built tanks.  Ability to estimate simple code vessels and prepare proposal in 4 hour time allotment.  • Communication- Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Must communicate with   • Out of Box solutions to customer’s needs and project approach.  • Self Starter Ability to work with minimal supervision and dedication to complete task in agreed timeframe.    Job Duties   • ATEC Steel of Baxter Springs Kansas began as a Steel Tank Fabricator and Erector.  In late 2010 the decision was made to substantially grow the Fabrication division.  That division (also called OSF) for Outside Fabrication Division is primarily engaged in the sale of shop built API tanks, ASME Pressure vessels up thru 3 inches thick, and Build to Customer Print (all types of fabrication which start with plate).    •  It is possible for this estimator to work primarily from home, but must be a self-starter and must have basic know of estimating techniques.  As is any case where a person works from home extreme discipline is required to accomplish assigned tasks without distraction.  Division Manager and Estimator will agree to expectation (hour required to perform task) and Estimator will be measured against that expectation.  • Communication-Initiates and maintains liaison (communication) with clients to facilitate fabrication quotations including assessing scope of work and resources required to successfully complete estimate.  • Schedule & Budgets-Works with Fabrication Manager and Senior Project Manager to establish project objectives including but not limited to Schedule and Budgets.  • Proposal Preparation- Preparation of proposals to assure compliance with schedules, budgets, and corporate policy, including detailed review of proposal specifications, drawings and contracting.   • Coordination with other Departments- Supervises and/or monitors through estimate preparation of Engineering, Procurement, Shop Management, Quality Control, Logistics, and others, the fabrication effort to ensure estimate is as accurate as time allows.    • Communication/Correction of Problems- Investigates potentially problems involving schedule, budget or other serious situations.  After initial investigation communicate with Senior Project Manager any situation positively or adversely affecting project and review corrective measures as necessary.   • Change Orders. Monitors with Project Managers for scope changes which could result in issuance of change orders.   • Fabrication Methods:  Provides technical assistance (i.e., interpretation of drawings) and recommends fabrication methods and equipment as required during estimating phase.  • Cash Flow:  Establishes initial cash flow projections and works with Project Manager to asure neutral cash flow for the project.  • Estimate Accuracy -Profit/Loss accountability for projects estimated.   • Documentation:  Prepare all documentation associated with the project.  • Meetings:   Schedule and oversee meetings as required to communicate with other departments and company management the activities of the project. These meetings include but are not limited to Project  Kick-off meeting.  • Product Lines Assist in developing the fabrication product line and customer base.  • Subcontracting Lead decisions during estimating phase on what work is to be subcontracted.  • Procedures Develop procedures and guidelines as needed to insure the success of the OSF Division and the company.   • As Required Other specific tasks as requested by ATEC Management.  •   BENEFITS:  • 401 (K)  • Medical/Dental Insurance  • Paid time off  • Paid Holidays  • Life Insurance    For more detailed information on the positions listed above please call  XXX  
465:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Sr. Manager Documentation - Herndon VA  Responsible for release info for HQ - Technical Writing background is a must   PM Experience with 3G-4G-WiMaxx and LTE is a must  This is for the Product Department   Manage a team of five people  10 years of experience Telecom Product Department (Wireless) Management   Please only apply is you have the experience above.
470:bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	*www.example.com  Neos Therapeutics® is a privately owned drug development company with an exciting portfolio of innovative and unique technologies suitable for prescription, over-the counter and veterinary products in a wide range of therapeutic areas.  Our technologies have delivered a strong proprietary product portfolio of commercially available drugs in highly desirable dosage forms:  Controlled release oral disintegrating tablets (ODT) and Controlled release liquids.   *Position Summary* The Director of Validation has functional responsibility, leadership and management of QA process validation, QA facility, utility and equipment validation, QA computer system validation, and QA Engineering.  *Job Requirements* * Bachelor Degree of Science  in a related scientific discipline;  * Minimum 10 years in a GMP regulated environment, with exhibited knowledge and proficiency of validation and quality activities;  * 5+ years’ experience in a management or supervisory position, with direct experience overseeing validation / quality assurance activities;  * Experience in participating in regulatory inspections, presenting/defending departmental functions in audits or regulatory inspections (specific experience in defending validation preferred, but not required); * Excellent leadership, technical, management, problem solving and project management skills; * Organizational and management skills to handle multiple functional groups, with ability to effectively delegate work; * Ability to speak, present data, and defend approaches in front of audiences and inspectors; * Ability to comprehend technical information related to facilities, utilities, equipment, processes, computer validation, scientific approaches, and regulatory expectations; * Excellent interpersonal skills (including listening, writing, negotiation, facilitation, attention to detail and presentation skills).  _No phone calls or staffing agencies/recruiters please_
471:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	*www.example.com  Neos Therapeutics® is a privately owned drug development company with an exciting portfolio of innovative and unique technologies suitable for prescription, over-the counter and veterinary products in a wide range of therapeutic areas.  Our technologies have delivered a strong proprietary product portfolio of commercially available drugs in highly desirable dosage forms:  Controlled release oral disintegrating tablets (ODT) and Controlled release liquids   *Position Summary*  The Validation Supervisor is responsible for overseeing and performing the qualification and validation of manufacturing processes, cleaning procedures, equipment and media fills within a commercial pharmaceutical manufacturing environment. Validation activities include writing and executing protocols that comply with company and FDA requirements.   *Job Requirements*  * Bachelor Degree in an Engineering or Science related discipline. * Minimum 3 years of experience working in a cGMP environment performing validation activities.    * Working knowledge of quality & problem solving tools. * Excellent technical writing and analytical skills required, including experience writing FDA submission reports and related qualification and validation reports. * Working knowledge of cGMP regulations and industry standards regarding the validation of aseptic manufacturing processes. * Excellent technical writing and analytical skills. Experience with writing regulatory submission reports and related qualification and validation reports preferred.  * Must be flexible to work off-shifts and weekends as validation execution schedule requires.   No phone calls or staffing agencies/recruiters please
480:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed licence-needed	The Director of Nursing is responsible for the day to day coordination and oversight of all aspects of the Nursing Department in accordance with current Federal, State and local regulations.    Reporting to:    • The Director of Nursing directly reports to the Administrator of the facility, providing Nursing Services to coordinate nursing specific and clinical programs. The Director of Nurses has a dotted line reporting responsibility to the Clinical Services Coordinator assigned to the facility.    Supervising:    • Supervising administratively all licensed nursing staff, C.N.A.’s, staffing coordinator, and all staff of his/her respective discipline. The DNS assumes the role of the Administrator in their absence.    Essential Duties and Responsibilities:      • The DNS is responsible to coordinate, organize, implement, evaluate and direct the nursing service department as well as its programs and activities in accordance with current rules and regulations and guidelines that govern the nursing care facilities.  • Maintain a reference library and periodically update to assist the nursing service department in meeting the day to day needs of the residents.'  • Develop and maintain methods for coordinating nursing services with other resident services to ensure the continuity of the resident’s total regimen of care.  • Participate in facility surveys made by authorized government agencies as necessary or as directed.  • Maintain a cooperative and productive relationship with the assigned Clinical Services Coordinator follow-up and ensure resolution to all identified issues.   • Develop action plan for systems issues and quality indicators over threshold and submit to CSC for review.    • Collect, review and analyze clinical outcome data and determine trends.  • Attend and provide clinical outcome data trends at the QA and A committee meeting monthly.  • Participate in the QA and A Committee in developing and implementing appropriate plans of action to correct identified deficiencies.   • Assist in planning for resident admissions and discharges.  • Serve on, participate in and attend various committees of the facility as appointed by the Administrator.  • Determine and monitor the staffing needs of the nursing department and ensure the assignment of appropriate and adequate numbers of nursing staff daily for each shift to ensure that the needs of the residents are met.  • Review annually at a minimum, all nursing services policies and procedures.    • Participate in the interviewing process and select, with the Administrator’s approval, all Nurses and Certified Nursing Assistants.    • Ensure yearly written performance evaluation of all nursing staff.   • Assist support services in developing, implementing, and conducting in service training programs that relate to the nursing department.  • Ensure that there are adequate supplies for resident care.  • Ensure that medical and nursing care is administered in accordance with the resident’s wishes and per the individualized care plan.  • In coordination with the Administrator, prepare, plan and adhere to the nursing services budget.  • Maintain the confidentiality of all resident care information.  • Ensure residents are treated with dignity and respect and resident rights are maintained.  • Maintain a liaison with the residents, their families and support departments to adequately plan for the resident’s needs.  • Provide education and in-servicing to facility staff according to education schedule and/or regulatory requirements.    Job Requirements:    Education:    • The Director of Nursing must be a Registered Nurse with a minimum of a Diploma from an accredited nursing institution.   • Must have two years of additional education in rehabilitative or geriatric nursing.  Professional Experience:   • Must possess a minimum of two years of experience in long term care nursing management or per state requirement.    Certification/Licensure:    • Actively licensed registered nurse in the State of practice.
483:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Ascent Solar Technologies (www.example.com) headquartered in Thornton, CO is a developer and manufacturer of state of the art, thin-film flexible photovoltaic materials and modules. We are looking for an experienced and highly motivated Marketing Director to lead all marketing programs and activities. Ascent Solar provides thin, flexible and tough solar solutions to a wide variety of end users in commercial, aerospace and consumer markets. Our EnerPlex products include solar and battery powered mobile phone cases, as well as outdoor solar chargers. More information can be found at www.example.com.   We need an experienced, passionate Marketing Director with a proven record of developing and leading all marketing activities and building a team.   Essential Job Functions • Develop overall marketing programs, strategies and manage the marketing budget to advance the Company’s position in the marketplace, with particular emphasis on its EnerPlex brand of personal & portable solar products  • Management of the overall marketing mix, including but not limited to sales material, event marketing, web development and promotional marketing programs • Create and manage a consistent brand image for Ascent Solar and the EnerPlex brand  • Handle marketing communications including press releases and internal communications • Handle all inbound and outbound marketing activities • Manage all outside agencies, advertising and public relations firms, if applicable  • Develop and manage a rich set of marketing assets (collateral, images, video, web, etc.) • Ensure the Ascent Solar and EnerPlex websites are continually updated and optimized for search engines  • Plan and manage our trade show presence • Leverage our CRM system (Salesforce.com) to robustly support customer communications, training and connectivity to our websites to capture leads and opportunity information  • Build and manage a marketing staff of at least two   Minimum Requirements • Bachelor's Degree required; marketing, business administration or related field preferred • 7+ years Marketing leadership experience, particularly in consumer electronics, outdoor retail,  or telecommunications • Comfortable marketing solar, battery or  electronics based products • Ability to understand the competition and articulate our unique selling position and value • Self-motivated with desire to take on new challenges • Strong written and verbal presentation/communication skills with the ability to convey complex information simply and clearly to senior business leaders • Exceptional communication skills and ability to build and sustain strategic customer relationships • Demonstrated ability to self-direct, analyze, evaluate and form independent judgments • Meticulous attention to detail and strong organizational skills • Demonstrated ability to work effectively with all levels of an organization • Ability to work in ambiguity and within a highly changing environment • Start-up experience is preferred • Willingness to travel up to 10% of the time.   If you are interested in this opportunity, please send your resume along with a letter of interest including salary requirements.  Be sure to type “Marketing Director” in the subject line. We offer a dynamic team-oriented work environment with a competitive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, life, STD, LTD and a generous 401(k) match.  Ascent Solar is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
498:licence-needed supervising-job 1-year-experience-needed	The Director of Resident Care Services position is to direct the provision of nursing services to facility residents.  Director of Resident Care Services will oversee the development and implementation of resident care plans and assure the provision of the best available quality of care for facility residents.          KEY RESPONSIBILITIES (list specific job duties)         A.      Maintains appropriate nursing service obligations, goals, and standards of nursing practices consistent with licensure requirements and the Nurse Practice Act.         B.     Oversees, directs, and coordinates nursing staff to provide proper resident care consistent with standard nursing practices.         C.     Participates in screening prospective residents as well as ongoing assessment of resident needs.         D.     Assures staff adherence to appropriate infection control procedures, quality assurance programs and OSHA procedures are followed.         E.     Functions as the liaison between facility and other outside caregivers.         F.      Conducts employee conferences, counseling and evaluations.  Participates in the hiring of new nursing employees and the orientation process to the facility and the residents.  Assists in the ongoing in-service education of nursing staff.     .                 G.     Responsible for adhering to the nursing service budget.         H.     Assumes responsibility/authority for decision regarding all aspects of nursing care, consulting with the Director of Assisted Living, Nurse Consultants, and other resources.         I.         Assures provision of appropriate medications, treatments and nursing services according to care plans and physician’s instructions.         J.       Monitors/controls inventories of drugs and supplies.         K.     Notifies the Director of Assisted Living, physician and family or responsible party in the event of a significant change in the resident’s condition.         L.      Formulates plan of care based on a resident assessment and completes resident care attendant assignments based on needs of the resident.         M.     Attends all department head meetings, staff meetings and serves on appropriate committees as deemed necessary by the Director of Assisted Living.       SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS:         The ability to supervise resident care and ancillary employees in a professional and courteous manner.  Emphasis is on the ability to evaluate resident outcomes in the provision of care, to evaluate staff performance, to take responsibility for all care provided in the assisted living environment.  Availability to the administrative and/or clinical staff for problem resolution on a consistent basis while in the facility and by telephone when out of the facility.  Concise, accurate written and verbal communication skills are required to document services provided on a weekly basis.         QUALIFICATIONS:         §         Current, valid licensure as an LVN required    §         Knowledge regarding licensure requirements in long-term healthcare or assisted living    §         1-4 years experience in nursing home, assisted living, or home health setting providing care to geriatric-age patients    §         Management/Supervisory experience required    §         Strong communication and interpersonal skills needed    §         Strong written and verbal skills required
506:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed salary	Do you enjoy nursing but you need something more than bedside care can offer? Are you tired of working nights, weekends, and holidays? Does your back hurt just thinking about doing bedside nursing for another 5 years? If any of these thoughts cross your mind.......keep reading.  We're working with a MEDICAL DEVICE COMPANY that is adding a Clinical Nurse Educator (RN) to its team. These are the individuals that come into the hospital to in-service you and always seem to be happy about their job. There's a reason they're smiling!  The CNE will be responsible for training, educating, and providing customer service to designated hospitals on infusion related medical products. Candidates must have a minimum of two years of nursing experience, preferably with an understanding of PICC lines, catheters, or infusion related products. Teaching and communication skills with a proven ability to present to customers is required. This position provides incredible potential for advancement and growth. We are searching for entrepreneurial-minded individuals looking for a great opportunity.  These jobs offer a lot of autonomy because you work from your home. This position is a Monday through Friday job but it does require some overnight travel during the week. If you are unable to do overnight travel, this job will not be a fit for you.  This position will include a compensation package in the $100-$120k range, car allowance, full benefits, and all travel expenses paid.  CANDIDATES MUST HAVE A NURSING LICENSE. The client is looking for candidates with a BSN degree or higher.  If you're interested in being considered for this position, please email your resume or CV. All correspondence is strictly confidential. We look forward to telling you about this great opportunity!
508:licence-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job salary	Do you enjoy nursing but you need something more than bedside care can offer? Are you tired of working nights, weekends, and holidays? Does your back hurt just thinking about doing bedside nursing for another 5 years? If any of these thoughts cross your mind.......keep reading.    Our client is a Medical Device Company that is building a new 15-20 person Clinical Nurse Educator (RN) team across the country. These are the individuals that come into the hospital to in-service you and always seem to be happy about their job. There's a reason they're smiling!    These jobs offer a lot of autonomy because you work from your home. This position is a Monday through Friday job but it does require some overnight travel during the week. If you are unable to do overnight travel, this job will not be a fit for you.    This position will include a yearly compensation package in the $100-$120k range, car allowance, full benefits, and all travel expenses paid.    This position is responsible for training, educating, and providing customer service to hospitals regarding infusion related medical products. Candidates must have a minimum of two years of nursing experience, preferably with an understanding of PICC lines, catheters, or infusion related products. Teaching and communication skills with an ability to present to customers is necessary. An upbeat personality is also a requirement!    CANDIDATES MUST HAVE A NURSING LICENSE. The client is looking for candidates with a BSN degree or higher.    This position will include a compensation package in the $100-$120k range, car allowance, full benefits, and all travel expenses paid.     If you're interested in learning more about this position, please email your resume for consideration. All correspondence is strictly confidential.
509:full-time-job supervising-job associate-needed salary	Outstanding companies look for outstanding talent.  SOLCOMM is a leading, national outsourced sales and marketing firm with multiple offices in Michigan.  We recently signed on two new Fortune 500 clients in the Telecommunications sector, and need to develop talented leaders to build new campaigns and augment existing ones over the next 12 months.    We are looking for talented, charismatic individuals who desire to grow into their fullest potential.  At SOLCOMM, we believe that our people are our strongest asset.  We seek not just to train our new leaders in company processes, but also to assist them into growing into the best possible version of themselves.  Our experienced management, industry-focused training processes, and company training conferences ensure that future leaders are given consistent opportunities to develop and grow.  *Team Leader Major Responsibilities:* * Assisting in the recruiting and hiring process to find amazing sales team members  * Sales Training * Leadership Development (You are responsible for growing your team and aiding in the development of other office members) * Personal Production * Leading and Managing a team of 3-5 salespeople * Responsible for reporting to Branch Manager of on the progress of your team daily  *A Day in the Life of a SOLCOMM Team Leader:* * Organize and distribute leads to your team * Interviewing potential new hires * Conducting 30-minute impact training for entire team at least once each week * Facilitating one-on-one meetings with team members * Training new hires * In-field selling to demonstrate and shadow what good leadership looks like or observe others selling * Reporting productivity numbers to Branch Manager and Corporate Office at the end of the day  *Pay Range:* -   1-2 year opportunity: $50,000 - $70,000 -   2-5 year opportunity: $80,000 - $120,000+ -   Bonus Structure: Extra $1,000-3500 Monthly when sales and quality targets are hit  *Training:* * Two weeks at Main Office in Holt, MI. and follow-up training as necessary * Weekly Conference Calls * Awesome Quarterly Conferences for Leaders  *Requirements:* * College Degree * Passion to develop and train others * Ability to learn basic sales principles and train others  We have current opportunities to build new offices in Michigan, Connecticut, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, and Alabama.  Team Leaders in Training will be put on a fast track to open up their own offices in 12-15 months from the date of hire.  Please submit a copy of your current resume and cover letter for consideration.  If you meet our qualifications, you will be contacted via phone within 3 days to schedule an initial interview.
514:2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Pierce Washington (www.example.com) is accepting applications for a Senior Implementation Engineer for our Chicago office. We are an eBusiness consulting firm, with offices in San Francisco and Chicago.    Role: We are looking for an experienced eCommerce Implementation Senior Engineer for a fulltime position in our Chicago office. Under general direction from one of our Application Architects, this individual will work closely with fellow team members to rapidly build and deploy large online ecommerce solutions. For small projects, this individual must be comfortable managing the majority of the project through its lifecycle. Strong analytic skills and an understanding of programming concepts are required so that individual can translate customer requirements into system specifications, configure system solutions to meet business requirements, execute unit testing, and document the solution for training and customer support. Along the way, this individual will develop stronger systems implementation, communication, and leadership skills. This position offers competitive compensation and benefits.  Individual may be required to travel up to 20%.  Experience: Bachelor or Master’s Degree in computer science, engineering, or mathematics from a reputable four‐year university.  Minimum of two years of related experience required; excellent computer software skills; excellent written and verbal communication skills. Quote to Cash business process understanding and SalesForce.com knowledge a plus.  Key responsibilities include: •Manage complex, web‐based technology projects through all phases of the project life-cycle, from project definition through implementation. •Configure and script software application based on design requirements. •Work closely with project manager to proactively identify potential issues and risks. •Assist with the functional documentation of customer business requirements. •Works with clients directly on small to medium sized projects. •Translate business requirements into a technical solution.  Required Skills: •Contribute as a key member of project teams implementing complex, web‐based technology system solutions. •Assist in the technical design, development, and unit testing of ecommerce and CPQ solutions using the latest technologies. •Configure and script software application based on design requirements. •Works with clients directly on small to medium sized projects to understand and implement requirements •Work closely with project manager to proactively identify potential issues and risks. •Assist with translation of customer business requirements into a technical solution •Translate business requirements into a technical solution.  To apply, please submit your resume with a cover letter and salary requirements.  
516:supervising-job	The Holiday Inn Express Otay Mesa, San Diego, CA is searching for a General Manager with responsibilities to include:  providing oversight, guidance, support and accountability for the hotel from a financial, ownership, associate, guest and brand standpoint.    * Proven leadership position in a full service/select service hotel, GM experience preferred  * Experience with IHG Brands preferred  * Solid operational experience required  * A service mentality toward guests and team members alike   * Commitment to quality   * Proficient in microsoft office and hotel systems   * Mathematical aptitude and financial acumen   * Sales and operational expertise required   * Excellent written and verbal communication skills   * Able to create and foster a team environment   * Public speaking skills   * Top-notch organizational skills   * Flexibility in job tasks   * Area candidates only please    
527:supervising-job	Aegom develops and publishes content for use with SMART interactive white boards and other technologies.      We are looking for someone to have two roles in our company;     1. *Lead product and project development*       A.  Manage the content providers to create new lessons.         B.  Adapt the lessons to be delivered on other technologies       C.  Create mid and long range development and product plans    2.  *Provide technical support* to end users and resellers.  We don't have much need but need someone to help when required.    The ideal candidate is someone with advanced knowledge of Adobe Illustrator, Notebook software from SMART and can develop for web based application and hand held devices like Ipad and Android devices.    We are a small company so consider this a ground floor opportunity.  However, our content is already used in 10,000 classrooms so there is a base to start from.  This is a small company so we are also keen to make sure the person fits with the other employees.  
529:supervising-job	Title: Service Desk Manager Location: McLean, VA  Job Description: •Provide supervision to all service desk personnel. •Continually monitors service delivery metrics to improve the quality of IT services. •Develop and implement effective problem management and resolution processes.  •Develop and manage effective knowledge management processes.  •Perform customer relationship management to improve customer satisfaction with organizational IT support.  Minimum Qualifications: •Experience re-engineering or setting up help desks according to industry best practices and maximizing help desk effectiveness. •Experience implementing innovative staffing and scheduling models for SLA guaranteed coverage at the lowest possible costs and analyzing help desk performance through various statistical and reporting methods.  •Experience managing an incident management system in a performance-based environment complying with ITIL 2011 standards.
545:supervising-job full-time-job	We are currently seeking an experienced Restaurant Manager for our Tahlequah, OK location.  We are seeking individuals with an enthusiastic attitude and a willingness to focus on delivering a top-quality product to our Mazzio's customers.     *POSITION SUMMARY:*  The Restaurant Manager is primarily responsible for directing the daily activities with annual sales  of more than $20,000 per week under the direction of a General Manager including the selection  and development of personnel, maintaining good customer relations, and for closing the restaurant during the absence of the General Manager.    *PRINCIPAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:*  • Directs restaurant operations by managing the human and physical resources of restaurant to ensure maximum sales and profits while maintaining high customer satisfaction through excellent service, quality products, friendly atmosphere, and clean, safe and sanitary premises.  • Recruits personnel.  • Selects, evaluates and trains subordinate personnel and recommends associated personnel actions.  • Initiates customer contact to determine satisfaction and handles complaints appropriately.  • Completes standard administrative paperwork.  • Closes down the restaurant on any day following approved procedures.  • Provides feedback information to upper management.        *We Have a Buffet of Opportunities for You!*  • Competitive starting salary (plus bonus) based on experience  • 401K with company match (100% vesting)  • $200 per month food credit  • Medical/Dental/Vision after 30 days  • Fast track to GM  • Tuition reimbursement  • Health club reimbursement  • Paid Vacation  • Quarterly and Annual Bonus Plan  • Prescription Plan  • …..and more!
548:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	*GENERAL PURPOSE OF JOB:*  The Senior Product Analyst leads the development of the company’s product features, pricing and competitive position for the Direct and Captive Agency distribution channels. The Analyst will have primary responsibility for the direct auto product pricing in New Jersey. He/she analyzes highly complex business issues and provides recommendations for the implementation of new rating plans, underwriting rules, process improvements, and other initiatives to support profitable growth and improve competitive position. This role serves as a liaison between the Product department and all of the other departments that interface with the group. The primary responsibilities include performing analyses, working within the Product department and with other departments to address product needs. The secondary responsibility is to ensure that our projects are defined and implemented as intended.  *ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:*  * Effectively manages projects of high complexity using available tools and data systems to identify, test and solve strategic business issues within the company data/reports, troubleshoots when there are inconsistencies and presents findings to upper management.  * Constructively challenges current processes and proposed solutions to obtain the best outcome.  * Seeks out new ideas and approaches to business issues and develops his/her own hypotheses independently.  Interfaces with other departments to strategically address their needs as they relate to the product. Reviews documentation, interprets rules, and coordinates activities.  * Serves as the regulatory expert for the team to provide a thorough understanding of our rating rules and algorithms.  * Serves as a mentor to other team members on aspects of project work, insurance, and general business knowledge.  * Serves as the Product representative in meetings with other departments as needed.  * Performs other job-related duties as assigned.  *KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES:*  * Excellent project management and problem-solving skills.  * Ability to utilize quantitative approaches to generate sound business analyses with detail orientation. Identify results out of the norm, draw conclusions and articulate findings.  * Skilled in linking multiple data sources to organize data into a logical format for analysis.  * Confidence in taking ownership of challenging business issues, making decisions with limited or incomplete data and seeing issues through to resolution.  * Ability to communicate effectively to both technical and non-technical audiences.  * Demonstrated regulatory expertise.  * *Predictive Modeling experience a plus.*  * Extensive programming query experience (SQL or Visual Basic) and high proficiency with Microsoft Excel.  *EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:*  * BA/BS degree in quantitative field of study; advanced degree preferred.  * 3 - 5 years in product management, actuarial, or other analytical role.  * 3 - 5 years of experience with relational database tools and concepts.  * Experience developing and implementing new, creative and effective solutions to highly complex business issues.  * Understanding of and experience within the insurance industry is required.  * Experience managing relationships with upper management and with technical developers.
550:ms-or-phd-needed supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	General Summary    This position will be responsible for the development and implementation of advanced photolithography process for thin film heads under the direction of the Photolithography Development Engineering Manager.    Principle Duties and Responsibilities    •Develop photolithography processes for thin film heads.  •Setup and monitor metrology recipes for prototype wafers.  •Improve overall photo manufacturing process for prototype wafers.  •Interact with process engineering team for wafer problems solving and quality improvement.  •Interface with manufacturing engineering, equipment, operations and other departments.    Job Specification and Requirements*    •Interact with interdepartmental engineering and other support organizations.  •Excellent communication skills to convey engineering issues to other groups.  •Knowledge of photolithography, wafer processing and principles of SPC.  •Must be creative and able to use analytical thinking on process development.  •Requires the ability to make process and tooling decisions for future products.  •Minimum MS in Chemical Engineering, Chemistry, or Material Science.  Ph.D preferred or equivalent experience.  •Minimum 2 years experience in photolithography at either semiconductor or thin film head industry.    Work Schedule, Conditions and Physical Requirements    Work schedule is from Monday to Friday.  Regular work schedule may periodically be adjusted to meet company needs.  Majority of the time for this position will require the individual to work in a class 100 ESD sensitive environment with standard photo modified lighting on the manufacturing floor.     •Related duties as required are duties that may not be specifically listed in the classification specification or position description.     
575:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed salary bs-degree-needed	Are you the person who organizes, coordinates, and makes things happen in and outside of the office? Are you the type of person that likes to take a project and see it through to successful completion? Do you handle multiple tasks and projects effortlessly? Do you have at least 2-3 years professional experience?  If so, then we want to hear from you.  This is an excellent opportunity for a go-getter who is highly organized, detail oriented and ready to roll up his or her sleeves and support RAIN Group's operations and client initiatives.    *ABOUT US*  RAIN Group is a sales training, assessment, and sales performance improvement company that helps leading organizations improve sales results.  As we are a small firm, the right candidate will have opportunities with us that s/he will not have at many larger firms. The Associate will report directly to firm senior management and will have a broad range of responsibilities, including the coordination of a variety of client, operations, and management functions. This is a professional position for a college educated person with at least 2-3 years professional experience. The position combines operations, revenue growth, marketing support, and project management responsibilities.  *ABOUT YOU*  You have: -A great “can do” attitude -The ability to juggle multiple assignments effortlessly -An independent drive that thrives on achievement -Exceptional editing and proofreading skills -Excellent organizational skills and detail orientation -A passion to help and support others -A willingness to adapt to changing needs  *RESPONSIBILITIES*  Projects will/may include: -Support client leaders and senior management in a variety of areas -Proofread marketing materials, client proposals, training materials, and other documents -Coordinate with clients to ensure project deadlines are met in a timely manner. -Handle scheduling for various client deliverables and assignments. -Run the logistics of client assignments, and ensuring adherence to internal operational procedures. -Use online tools to build marketing lists for RAIN Group and our clients. -Produce error-free reports, client deliverables, presentations, and other deliverables including proofreading, layout, and production. -Assist with the management of client projects, timelines, and relationships. -Deliver other responsibilities and projects both in-house and for clients as they arise.  *POSITION REQUIREMENTS*  -Resume, cover letter and salary history are required. Applications submitted without all three will not be accepted or reviewed. -4 year college degree. Academic rigor of university and GPA will be considered. Both business and liberal arts candidates will be considered equally. -A proactive and confident attitude with the ability to take initiative on client projects is essential. -Attention to detail and the ability to manage multiple projects with many moving parts are extremely important. -Excellent organizational skills. -The ability to write, edit, and proofread at an extremely advanced level is important. -Experience with technologies such as SalesForce.com, WordPress, and web content management systems are important. Comfort with using, and desire to learn, the details of such technologies are essential.   Proficient with Microsoft office suite – Word, PowerPoint, and Excel. -Experience in a client-facing environment is desired. -Familiarity with sales and the sales process is desired.  *WHY WORK AT RAIN GROUP*  Here are a few reasons why we attract the best people around to join our team: -We’re growing – you’ll work directly with senior leaders and our highly successful sales team to push growth initiatives. -We take our jobs seriously, we take our clients’ success seriously, and we take hard work seriously, but we don’t take ourselves too seriously. -We take our values seriously: passion; commitment; straightforwardness; openness; accessibility; learning; success of others; balance. -If you like energy and action, we’re the place to be…we have a lot going on. -We’re always innovating, never resting on our laurels, and constantly investing in the company to help us lead in the market. -We have a ping pong table.  *COMPENSATION & BENEFITS*  Compensation is a competitive salary plus a bonus potential based on individual and company performance. We offer health insurance through Tufts Health Plan, 401k and profit share plan, defined benefit plan, and a generous mix of all-purpose vacation, sick, and personal days. RAIN Group is located in a well-equipped, coveted office space 20 minutes west of Boston in Framingham, just off the Mass Pike.  Resume, cover letter, and salary history required for the position.
576:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Job Description  The position will work cross-functionally with all department managers to implement processes that maximize revenue growth in service sales while controlling costs overall. The Operations Manager will be involved with overseeing contract negotiations, facilitating trainings, forecasting sales numbers and reporting costs to insure revenue goals are met.  This position also will have the responsibility of overseeing quality assurance and human resources as well as a insuring a strong safety program is in place and monitored. This position will report to the VP Sales/General Manager.    Knowledge/Skills/Abilities  The qualified individual must have excellent communication skills and the ability to interact with numerous parties including external clients, sales, accounting, quality control, and shipping managers. The right candidate must be experienced at managing and monitoring productivity, assigning the right person for the job, profitability of each job, and customer equipment turn around time. The operations manager will be responsible for managing projects to streamline processes, improve quality and implement changes to existing procedures and policies.  Essential Duties:  General Duties- Operations – Quality Assurance Develop an Operations Plan that ensures flawless execution while maximizing the customers experience on a consistent basis Insure Quality is built into everyday procedures Coordinate customer and ISO Audits Recruit, hire, train and monitor performance of necessary staff Build relationships through contract negotiation, pricing, monitoring, reporting, and follow up on all large potential opportunities as well as maintaining current preferred customers  Monitor all sales orders on a consistent basis, and investigate pending sales orders that have not been fulfilled after a given time Monitor customer accounts Monitor that all new accounts are properly updated with proper paperwork and enforce completion Delegate all requests from customers to operations personnel while setting time lines for completion for a timely remedy. Resolve conflicts between departments inspire team members effectively and maintain a proper alignment of all departments Arrange a weekly meeting with team to discuss open action items Identify and utilize each team member’s strengths to produce greater work quality performance and environment Monitor the employees and review every 6 months Streamline processes and update procedures and policies and then facilitate trainings on those procedures  Oversee the process of new hires and ensure that operations is following all procedures of current HR rules and regulations   General Duties - Finance AR—on a weekly basis monitor accounts receivables and advise accounting if there are accounts overdue Vendor Returns—monitor vendor accounts and advise accounting if there are returns that have not been credited after a period of time Oversee the commission process and ensure that commission credits are promptly issued General Duties - Reporting If there are customers that are delaying payment, escalate and resolve situations in a timely manor.  Monitor expense reports and purchase requisitions to assure appropriate spending  Oversee payroll and ensure that payroll reports are on time and accurate.   Maintain good HR department communication Oversee billing to ensure accuracy and report any discrepancies or issues immediately Hold a weekly meeting with accounting team to discuss any open issues involving AP, AR, bank reconciliations, etc. General Duties – Warehousing Coordinate a safety program and report and track any safety issues Insure the building is clean and presentable for customer visits and audits Promote and train and insure a safe workplace  Minimum requirements Experience with Quality assurance ISO-17025 a major plus A bachelor’s degree or equivalent related work experience is required. Applicant must have management experience or at least 5 years supervisory experience in a related operations/quality assurance capacity.   Strong customer service, ability to communicate with customers in a professional manner and demonstrate understanding for the importance and the value of customers Computer proficient in Word, Excel, Outlook  The ability to work extra hours and an occasional Saturday when needed 
580:supervising-job	*PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES*     A Staff Solvers client is looking for a Program Director for a highly complex, multi-million dollar CRM Implementation. The Program Director is accountable and owns the successful completion of strategic programs delivering long-term business benefits; leadership and strategic direction. The Program Director has full responsibility and ownership of decision-making to guarantee the successful delivery with the full support of project managers.  This client is recognized as a leader in their industry.      The Program Director responsibilities include:     *  Leading and shaping the early inception and initiation of the program required to meet the strategic business objective, in collaboration with the business owner     *  Influencing business stakeholders so that programs align with the company strategy, and using technology in ways that best advance the achievement of the strategic objectives    *  Leading the business in the development of the business case (including strategic business benefits), directing the project managers, and owning the approved business case    *  Driving the vision and program plans needed to realize the business case and strategic objectives; managing the overall delivery teams and holding them to baselined plans    *  Setting out, securing and owning the program budget to deliver the strategic objectives and program solution to realize the benefits    *  Defining and owning the program governance to underwrite program decisions and direction; ensuring the right stakeholders are engaged and committed to the program and their roles within    *  Owning the successful delivery of the program (budget, schedule and quality) and realization of benefits    *  Leading the program teams and the senior business stakeholders in the delivery of the strategic objectives through tangible program deliverables and realized benefits    *  Ensuring successful execution of the program including design, quality assurance, user experience, delivery, change management and support – using experience and domain knowledge to review and challenge deliveries    *  Providing day-to-day program leadership; reviewing program milestone plans against program direction; assessing the performance of projects within the program; ensuring teams are aligned, on track and working to the common strategic objectives    *  Acting as the final escalation point for all program issues; making the decisions, agreeing remediation plans and communicating decisions to the Program Steering Groups and Sponsor    *  Reviewing all program controls (plans, issues, risks, change) to validate the health of the program and detect areas requiring management attention;     *  Chairing vendor management reviews    *  Leading and collaborating withthe business owner in the realization of benefits    *  Maintaining stakeholder commitent to the strategic program through collaborative and transparent working practices and stakeholder management    *  Leading the business change and transformation needs acting as key barometer in the effectiveness of the change management components through assessments of senior stakeholders and their levelof acceptance to change     *The ideal candidate will have:*    *  Extensive experience working in IT, Business or Publishing    *  CRM Implementation experience    *  Experience with SFA (Sales Force Automation)    *  Program management and director experience in managing multiple global projects, large cross-functional teams    *  Strong leadership qualities    *  Ability to lead peers, project team, sponsor, steering group and wider business stakeholders and key stakeholders    *  Experience implementing large transformation programs (enabled by technology) into large federated organizations    *  Experience leading and directing in challenging environments     *  Proven track record of influencing executives    *  Experience gaining business buy-in and adoption to the solution throughout the delivery lifecycle  
581:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	Within our client’s Digital Delivery build team, the Technical Team Lead will work under the leadership of the Director of Software Development on one or more development tracks with the following primary responsibilities     *PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES*  * Ability to evaluate business requirements for technical feasibility, clarity and comprehensiveness  * Ability to create or evaluate functional and technical designs assuring that specifications properly describe the technical implementation of business requirements  * Hands-on delivery of java-based components and modules  * Enforce the coding standards for the Digital Delivery team  * Ability to identify system deficiencies and recommend/implement solutions  * Communicate progress through written and verbal reports to the team lead  * Must have proven track record for meeting deadlines and managing assigned work     *REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE*  *Related work experience*  * Minimum of 5 or more years Java development  * Minimum of 5 or more years Web development  * Agile (Sprints, Scrum, XP) and Waterfall SDLC methodologies  * Experience with SVN and Maven-driven Continuous Integration processes     *Formal education or equivalent*  * 4 year Computer Science or equivalent college degree or 8 years of software/web development  * Technical Experience & Skills  * Strong problem solving, debugging and troubleshooting skills using Java  * Strong server-side development skills using JEE technologies, XSLT, XPath, XQuery, JSPs with custom tag libraries  * Strong client-side Web development expertise using X/HTML, JQuery, GWT, AJAX, and CSS  * Oracle RDBMS SQL query tuning and data modeling  * Strong technical expertise with at least one CMS out of Adobe/Day Software CQ CMS  * Interwoven TeamSite CMS or Vignette CMS  * Hibernate ORM, Spring and AspectJ frameworks  * Apache Lucene and Solr search engine integration and enhancements  * Apache/Tomcat and other JEE application servers on Linux  * SOAP and REST Web Services frameworks such as Apache CXF and Axis  JBoss Seam web application framework  * ESB and SSO Frameworks  * Test-driven development using JUnit and JMock or similar frameworks     Our client is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of age, color, disability, maritl status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, veteran status or any other classification prescribed by applicable law.  
587:salary 1-year-experience-needed ms-or-phd-needed supervising-job	Willowglen Academy located in Kingstree, SC is hiring a Clinical Therapist. The Clinical Therapist will provide casework services and treatment coordination to the residential clients located in Kingstree and clients in the alternative public school located in Sumter.  Services include maintaining therapeutic controls and structure, development and coordination of treatment and behavioral plans, rehabilitation psychosocial services, family support services and staff supervision for implementation of treatment and behavioral plans, all according to state licensing standards, professional requirements and program philosophy of multi-disciplinary treatment.   Requirements: Master's Degree from an accredited college or university in Social Work, Counseling, or related mental health field.  Minimum one (1) year experience in a health care facility or educational setting with direct experience providing individual, family and group therapy. Experience in therapeutic crisis intervention is desired. Must have strong clinical assessment skills.  Salary: $30,000.00 
588:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	22 Bowens Wine Bar and Grille in Newport, RI is looking for an Assistant General Manager to join their world class management team!  The Assistant General Manager is responsible for managing all aspects within the restaurant.  This includes but is not limited to maximizing profitability, ensuring adherence to company policies, performance management of employees, and upholding and exceeding all standards regarding the overall guest experience. In depth experience managing a high end wine and beverage program is also required.  The three most important areas of expertise for this position are wine/beverage/inventory knowledge, financial acumen and understanding, and service training experience.  These will be the focal points during the interview process.    We are for looking someone with a true passion for hospitality and providing the ultimate guest experience!  This position requires excellent interpersonal, written and oral communication skills, and the ability to develop others through leadership.   In order to be considered for an interview candidates must have a minimum of 3 years of experience at the AGM or GM level in a full service, fine dining restaurant.    Please follow this link to apply: www.example.com  Thank you for your interest in our company!  22 Bowen’s Wine Bar & Grill, a world-class steakhouse on Newport’s waterfront, is a member of the esteemed Newport Restaurant Group. NRG includes seven distinct, award-winning restaurants across Rhode Island, each managed with a fresh perspective on strength in teamwork, recognition and support for advancement, and a shared goal of inspirational culinary creativity and unparalleled service. The Newport Restaurant Group also includes 22 Bowens’ Wine Bar & Grill, The Smokehouse Café, The Boat House Restaurant, Waterman Grille, Hemenway’s, and Trio. We are proud to be an employee-owned (ESOP) company, characterized by an energetic synergism between colleagues with a mutual respect for innovative ideas and unique expression in order to remain an industry leader. Learn more about us at www.example.com.
593:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	*10 PLUS YEARS OF EXPERIENCE REQUIRED*  *WINES AND SPIRITS EXPERIENCE HIGHLY PREFERRED*      Duties & Responsibilities  •       Collaborates strategy and planning peers, account management, new business development, creative studio colleagues, as well as production to generate strategies and concepts to support the client’s business goals and objectives.  •       Is responsible for knowing and coordinating all issues related to the development of programming, concepts and marketing-driven solutions for clients.  •       Supports and participates in business development opportunities on an as needed basis.  •       Develops and presents creative solutions on behalf of the agency that are informed by research and generate a demonstrable ROI for our clients.  •       Analyzes data and develop actionable insights and strategic recommendations for consumer insights/segmentation, competitive reports, SWOT analysis, strategic POV  •       Possesses the presence and experience to interface at the executive level, developing and maintaining client relationships and negotiating change within the business and within the brand.  •       Has the ability, passion and intelligence to translate work with creative studio to oversee the visual manifestation of ideas and concepts  •       Owns strong communication skills: written, verbal, presentations, meeting facilitation in both individual and group settings  •       Possesses basic copywriting skills relevant to the articulation of marketing strategy and supporting content  •       Receives and evaluate research briefs, determining additional lines of query from a “big picture” perspective   •       Develops oral and written presentations of research findings for internal and client presentations  –      Internal presentations, concepting input, client-facing agency POV/strategic foundation, research reports  •       Contributes to department development of new insights, innovations, trend forecasting, strategic thinking etc.   .Qualifications/Skill Requirements  •       Possesses fundamental understanding of market research, insights gathering, and marketing to develop marketing-driven solutions for our clients.  •       Generates research reports by utilizing the firms’ research resources and as well as those from partner companies and clients.  •       Assists in generating competitive intelligence reports and analysis.  •       Manages the collection and packaging of data from secondary research resources.  •       Participates in both qualitative and quantitative data collection in the field on an as needed basis.  •       Develops pitch decks with account teams that address client’s strategy and tactical concerns.  •       Facilitates brainstorming sessions and workshops designed toward specific outputs and client solutions.  •       Generates and presents thought leadership on behalf of the agency.  Client Business     •       Contributes to team effectiveness by: providing ongoing feedback to team; participation in ongoing project management through feedback on strategic direction of projects and joint review of creative with Account Supervisors and Associate Directors; offering input on client POV’s and decks; and involvement in presentation and selling ideas on key projects.  •       Provides brand stewardship and strategic leadership via participation in annual brand planning cycles and the development of client initiatives to grow their business.  •       Demonstrates a solid grasp of current industry dynamics and be able to help provide agency perspective on the impact, influence, and implications of these dynamics on brand or agency health.  •       Assists in providing long-term perspective for brand and business growth that exceeds the scope of individual projects. Be able to help clearly articulate a strategic vision in a confident and persuasive manner to clients and teams; connect the vision to business imperatives and statistically relevant measures.   •       Assists in the assurance of proactive strategic thought-leadership across the integrated marketing mix; be able to effectively apply and integrate strategy into agency process.  •       Helps raise the bar of MKTG work for clients and assist in the development of regular methods and practices using consumer insights to inspire, guide, and evaluate work.    •       Identifies unmet research/planning needs and knowledge gaps. Lead the solution.   Internal Initiatives/Network Support/Management:      •       Works closely with Strategy & Planning management and associated personnel to define business issues.  •       Coordinates with Director of Strategy & Planning, Client Service Team and associated personnel in developing research and marketing action plans.  •       Aids in conducting research studies using outside vendors (as needed) and manages budgets and timelines related to contracted research.   •       Makes original contributions to Agency growth through participation in internal cultural initiatives and development of new professional capabilities and perspectives.     •       Creates dialogue and share innovations and new methods across internal teams (account service, creative, and media).   •       Interacts with and service the information needs of people in all levels of management, and in a range of functional areas throughout the organization.  •       Manages workflow and processes for as needed with peers and associated in the department.  •       Oversees marketing and research execution.   •       Assists in clearly verbalizing and intellectualizing agency positioning and growth opportunities.    
607:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	PURPOSE:   Supervises DOT fleet operations including customer communication and coordination of services; personnel management (dispatch, drivers and maintenance); equipment and maintenance (planning, scheduling and forecasting); sets and reviews budgets; creates, implements and monitors driver safety and retention programs.     RESPONSIBILITIES:  1. Provide leadership and develop associates.  2. Set quality goals and means and methods to attain goals.  3. 24/7 communication and coordination coverage responsibility.  4. Driver Training (learning procedures, safe equipment operation, and processing required paperwork).  5. Optimizing routes (daily, weekly, monthly and emergency).  6. Allocating manpower and equipment in a DOT environment.  7. Reviewing paperwork for DOT compliance and correcting problem drivers.  8. Maintains fixed asset schedule including vehicle maintenance and repair records, major mechanical repairs and assessing viability of repair versus replacement (short term and long term analysis).    ABILITIES/SKILLS REQUIRED:   Strong oral and written communication skills, strong organizational ability, detail oriented, ability to remain calm under pressure, handle multiple and varied tasks, MS-Excel.  DOT asset allocation.    WORKING CONDITIONS/PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:  May be required to move items up to 50 pounds repeatedly and up to 80 pounds occasionally.  May be required to sit, stand, stoop, bend, kneel, squat, climb, and descend for repeated or extended periods of time.  Hearing, listening, clear speech, good vision day and night, depth perception, color recognition, sound identification, hand-eye-foot coordination, Exposure to fumes or dust, chemicals, outdoor weather, moving mechanical parts and moderate to loud noise levels.  May be required to travel in company vehicles or other transportation to perform certain work functions    EDUCATION/TRAINING REQUIRED:  Three years experience in DOT fleet management.    This is a drug-free workplace, related testing required.
608:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Loan Simple is a National Mortgage Lender based in Englewood, Colorado. We have branches and operation centers throughout the country. After two decades of lending we feel we have the best platform available and we want to share it with you. If you are currently a wholesale rep or recruiter you will love working with Loan Simple. We have a dynamic and progressive company that has very high originator retention due to outstanding service levels, products, pricing, and a commitment to make everyone more successful. This allows you to add the right people and build a consistent base of business that grows month after month.  Description, Branch Development Manager: •Solicits relationships with mortgage brokers and mortgage bankers for the purpose of generating residential mortgage loans. •Sells the advantages of joining Loan Simple as a Loan Originator or Branch Manager. •Cultivates relationships to obtain a flow of origination applications.  Duties: •Build and maintain relationships with Mortgage Originators, Branch Managers, and company owners. •Network within the Lending, Real Estate, and Title community to prospect for potential new Branch Managers and Originators. •Present Loan Simple's lending platform and benefits to potential Branch Managers and Originators..  Qualifications: •Min. 3 years as an account executive •Solid understanding of loan origination and mortgage industry standards. •Ability to effectively interact with all originators and company personnel. •Provide excellent customer and client services •Track record of success in the mortgage industry •Current client base network •Ability to handle confidential material in a professional, highly ethical manner. •Time management and organization skills to effectively prioritize multiple objectives and achieve volume goals.  www.example.com
612:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job salary	Job Summary:    The Director of Sales is responsible for managing all sales and sales related activity within the US. This position requires proven sales management experience and a strong history of success. Coaching, mentoring and building the long-term capacity of the sales teams will be critical success factors. Additionally, the ability to establish relationships, create new sales opportunities and mine established accounts to maximize revenues are a must.    An in-depth knowledge of solution-based selling, education organizations and a strong understanding of the education sales cycle are also required, along with experience and connections in the elementary/middle school market. This person must understand complex sales cycles, build consensus throughout multiple levels of organizations including state departments of education and educational service agencies (ESA’s), along with having an in-depth understanding of Salesforce CRM and the ability to teach others best ways to use Salesforce to build pipeline, retain good relationships with customers to meet their needs, and close deals.    Additionally, the Director of Sales will develop account strategies (in conjunction with the Account Executives which include; account profiles, demand/lead generation and detailed action plans). This person must work in coordination with the assigned internal counterparts to maximize sales revenues and customer renewals/retention. The Director of Sales will perform other duties as the business demands. They will be building a sales team from the ground up into a “Sales 2.0” model.    Essential Functions:    -Guide team to achieve or overachieve assigned annual revenue targets  -Execute and deliver at or above plan every quarter  -Build sales infrastructure and processes  -Proven ability and desire to build an industry-leading sales team  -Demonstrate operational excellence by delivering all requested sales reports, forecasts, budget information, and any other requested information in timely and accurate manner  -Work in conjunction with and marshal Wowzers internal resources to maximize territory performance  -Ability to understand and negotiate sales terms and sales contracts  -Attend key conferences in assigned territory  -Ability to travel as business demands  -Possess strong analytical/problem solving skills  -Desire to continually improve performance and refine sales strategies  Qualifications, Skill, and Abilities:    -Proven Sales management success  -Knowledge of principles and methods for showing, promoting, and selling products or services. This includes marketing strategy and tactics, product demonstration, sales techniques, and sales forecasting  -The candidate should have a proven track record of sales success and proven ability selling professional development solutions to the K-12 market  -Knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer and personal services. This includes customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and evaluation of customer satisfaction  -Have a proven track record as a self-starter with a strong desire to be successful  -This position requires outstanding written and verbal communication skills  -Be highly motivated and organized  -Customer focused  -Have a high level of technical competence  -Strong analytical and problem solving skills  -Strong presentation capabilities  -Outstanding time management skills and the ability to set priorities  -Expertise in Salesforce CRM  Compensation:    The sales compensation package is designed to reward achievement. Wowzers offers competitive compensation including base salary along with commission and bonus for on-target earnings.    Wowzers also offers full health and retirement benefits.
616:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Union Theological Seminary in the City of New York seeks applications for the Assistant Director for Web Communications    Union Theological Seminary – The Institution    Founded in 1836, Union Theological Seminary is an independent, multi-denominational seminary in the City of New York.  Union’s mission is at once progressive and faith-based: to educate leaders for ministry in churches and society, to extend the work of social justice, and to enrich the academy through teaching and research.  Education at Union is rooted in a critical understanding of the breadth of Christian traditions and is significantly and increasingly instructed by the pluralistic, interfaith reality of the globalized world.  Union has nurtured many of the most significant theological voices addressing the most profoundly challenging issues of our contemporary experience: civil rights, women’s equality, ecological justice, and the full inclusion of LGBTQ people in our churches and in our public life.  Now embarking on its 175th year, Union is launching a bold new strategic plan accompanied by a comprehensive campaign to grow Union’s national and global influence as a ground-breaking educational institution forming religious and community leaders to engage the new realities of a diverse, interconnected, and increasingly urban world.     Assistant Director for Web Communications – The Position    Job Description:    Reporting to the Director of Communications and Marketing, the Assistant Director for Web Communications is responsible for the development, management, and execution of a strategic plan to overhaul Union Theological Seminary’s current web site. He/she will evaluate the web site’s content and architecture and manage an implementation solution with our current CMS partner that improves overall aesthetic and interactivity. Ongoing technological support and maintenance of the new site will be an integral component of this position.    The Assistant Director for Web Communications will also be tasked with refining Union’s web communications to enhance marketing and recruitment efforts that support the mission and goals of admissions, advancement, academic affairs, and student life.    Additional responsibilities:    • Manages all web site reporting and analyses, using Google Analytics and/or other CMS reporting systems.    • Supports search engine optimization (SEO) efforts to improve organic web ranking with search engines.    • Supports search engine marketing (SEM) efforts to deliver quality student recruitment leads.    • Manages internal and external clients and vendors.    • Develops an internal web communications style-guide.    Qualifications:    • Bachelor’s Degree with at least 5-7 years of proven experience managing web sites and leading comprehensive web site communications.    • Knowledge of Blackbaud’s Net Community and Raiser’s Edge extremely desirable.    • Proficiency in the latest web development and design technologies including HTML and CSS, PHP, XML, and JavaScript. Extensive experience with Adobe Creative Suite (Flash, Dreamweaver, and Photoshop).    • Experience managing and supporting integrated marketing campaigns (SEM, digital banner and email).    • Superior written communications skills necessary, particularly with web and e-mail communications.    • Knowledge of best practices in web and electronic communications and experience with social media (Facebook, Twitter, Flickr, YouTube, etc.)    • Strong attention to detail and strong problem-solving skills.    • Flexibility to manage multiple responsibilities, assignments, and deadlines simultaneously.    • Experience managing both urgent, short-term projects and complex, long-term projects.    • Experience in the non-profit or higher education sectors desirable.    A portfolio of relevant work demonstrating candidate skill and creativity is highly recommended.      Hiring Policy:    The Union Theological Seminary community is diverse not only in race, age, gender, and sexuality, but also in geography, background, perspective, denomination, and even faith traditions.    It is set in the urban environment of New York City, which is a microcosm of the world, a place where the local and the global intersect.    It enjoys cooperative relations with other academic, cultural and church institutions in the Morningside Heights/Harlem neighborhood, as well as in the greater New York area and elsewhere.     Please send a cover letter with resume to: Union Theological Seminary, Human Resources Office, 3041 Broadway, New York, NY 10027.    Union Theological Seminary is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, sexual orientation, disability, religion, nationality, or ethnicity.           
620:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed	If you are an experienced resort/condo manager looking for a challenge we have the job for you.  Our Siesta Key property needs a professional manager with a love of hospitality to bring out the best in our rental operations. Our well-maintained, 70 villa development, located on the #1 rated beach in North America, is ripe for a new marketing strategy.  A dynamic manager who knows what needs to be done, using technology and his/her interpersonal and management skills, will make a huge difference for our active owner association and its rental program.   The credentials we are looking for include: • A bachelor’s degree, preferably in a field related to hospitability  • A valid Florida Community Association Management (CAM) license and working knowledge of Florida statues and regulations • Several years of experience in a similar position • A good understanding of accounting and budgeting • Willingness to work week-ends, and • A service-oriented personality. •   A real estate license would be beneficial.  If you are ready to apply your skills, experience, drive and personality to making a difference in our operations, we would be pleased to receive your resume.
621:supervising-job salary 2-4-years-experience-needed	*Chief Nursing Officer (CNO) - Psych* A rapidly growing for-profit behavioral hospital chain seeks a CNO for its new 100+ bed facility in the Austin area. The qualified candidate will have 3+ years experience as a Chief Nursing Officer (CNO).  *Requirements for Chief Nursing Officer (CNO) – Psych* * 3+ years experience as Chief Nursing Officer (CNO) of a free-standing behavioral hospital or as CNO of a large 50+ bed psych unit within an acute care facility.   *Compensation for Chief Nursing Officer (CNO) – Psych* * The facility is new and is scheduled to open in July 2014.  * Salary range - $ XXX k
632:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job licence-needed	MISSION AND SUMMARY OF POSITION  The Due Diligence Analyst is part of a team of analysts responsible for executing all departmental activities. The Analyst is expected to perform departmental activities while also maintaining a specialty focus. In other words, each Analyst typically plays a distinct role, based on their strengths and experience. Additionally, all Analysts must also contribute to the performance of certain administrative functions of the department, such as maintaining records, updating analysis and keeping notes of manager conference calls.    The Analyst is expected to be a CFA charter holder with five or more years of financial services and capital markets experience. Non-CFA charter holders may be considered for Analyst roles, but will be titled as Specialists and will be expected to be engaged in a regular and continuous course of study to obtain the CFA® charter. Specialists must be continually engaged in obtaining the designation until achievement, meaning that Specialists must be prepared for and sit for each examination offered by the CFA Institute until the designation has been obtained. Metrics and timeframe for completion will be discussed further with qualified candidates.      KEY JOB FUNCTIONS  The Analyst will be specifically responsible for the following research and related activities:    Searching, selecting and replacing asset managers    Identifying and analyzing quantitative and qualitative research data    Establishing and maintaining relationships with asset managers    Contributing to strategic direction of IMS (managed account) programs    Participating in the creation of capital market assumptions, running optimizations and determining asset allocation    Writing and preparing communications    Participating in manager conference calls and office visits    Assisting in the development and delivery of educational events (for internal staff and Financial Advisors)      The Analyst will also be responsible for certain administrative activities, including updating quantitative and qualitative research data; maintaining a dedicated research web site; maintaining minutes of Investment Committee meetings.      QUALIFICATIONS  5+ years of experience in financial services, specifically in brokerage or investment advisory     CFA® or willingness to complete CFA® through a regular course of study and examination    Securities licensing, generally 7, 24, 66 or equivalent    SKILLS  Knowledge and support of the principles of diversification and rebalancing and a belief in long-term, strategic asset allocation    Knowledge of Capital Markets and familiarity with intermediary distribution and the fiduciary standard    Demonstrated competency with portfolio math    Knowledge of asset managers    Strong analytical and organizational skills; attention to detail and the ability to multi-task and prioritize jobs independently     Excellent written and oral communication skills, with the ability to communicate complicated investment concepts and strategies in a clear and concise manner    Must be willing to take ownership of issues and work them to resolution     Strong computer skills, including expert proficiency in Excel and other MS Office applications; past experience with Morningstar Direct a plus    ABOUT THE COMPANY    1st Global helps selected tax, accounting and law firms build and improve their comprehensive wealth management practices with proven business-building systems, education programs and technology. 1st Global supports affiliates with a nationwide infrastructure that provides wealth management education, securities brokerage, fee-based asset management, insurance services, retirement management, and financial and estate planning services.  Make your next move with 1st Global today!      
633:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	PRIMARY FUNCTION    Assist in achieving and maintaining goals and business objectives while maintaining the highest results in people, profitability and quality of operations. Accountable for ensuring all finished products meet the established Burrows Paper Corporation specifications.    DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES    • Supervision of printing, sheeting and forming department employees.  • Responsible for safety compliance within the Facility.  • Ability to motivate, train and lead a team of production employees while maximizing production goals.  • Review daily reports for accuracy and efficiency.  • Coordinate daily shift activities and production schedules and assigning personnel to achieve maximum productivity.  • Report production equipment or building needs to maintenance staff.  • Administer employee disciplinary actions and annual reviews.  • Ensure all employees adhere to the employee reference guide.  • Ability to write safety and maintenance work orders into the SAP system.  • Verify and validate all SAP scans for accuracy.  • Properly stage and segregate rejected material, complete and submit completed reports for follow-up.       QUALIFICATIONS    • High School Diploma or GED.  • Prefer five (5) years manufacturing experience.  • Flex-O printing and water based ink experience is a plus.  • Commitment to safety and quality.  • Good communication and problem solving skills.  • Knowledge of basic computer programs including Microsoft Word, Outlook and Excel.    
635:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job full-time-job	*Phillips Pet Food & Supplies is the leading national distributor of pet food and pet supplies.  Phillips services pet stores, farm & feed stores, groomers, veterinarians, and humane organizations by offering a wide range of pet food and supplies.*    *Position Summary:* Oversee all warehouse staff and the outbound functions performed at the Indianapolis, IN distribution center during the night shift.15-20 employees    *Essential Duties and Responsibilities:*  • Carries out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the company’s policies and applicable laws.  Responsibilities include determine staffing requirements, interviewing, hiring, and training employees; planning, assigning, directing work, plan and implement procedures and systems to maximize operating efficiencies; monitor and appraising staff performance, set goals and objectives; rewarding and disciplining employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems. Provides consistent performance feedback and dedicates appropriate time to developing skills of subordinates to maximize potential.  • Evaluates current business processes and systems and makes recommendations for efficiency improvements and/or cost reductions  • Review performance data to monitor and measure productivity, goal progress and activity levels ; train and coach employees as needed  • Oversee warehouse functions, including: order selection, invoicing, picking, packing, and loading; appropriate workforce planning consistently meets operational objectives  • Supervise shipping processing; staffing warehouse team on night shift through hiring, training and motivating a dynamic team of associates  • Insure facility is kept neat, clean, and organized at all times  • Maintain sanitation and acceptable good distribution practices  • Communicate as needed with vendors, customers, and corporate in a timely and professional manner  • Insure all company policies are implemented with associates  • Possess an operational understanding of the Roadnet routing program as it relates to timely departures of routes  • Coordinate transportation issues transportation manager to achieve efficiency and compliance for A&K Logistics  • Other duties as assigned    *Position Specific Requirements:*   • Bachelor’s degree (B.A.) from an accredited four-year college or 5 to 7 years warehouse management and supervisory experience  • Proficient in using Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook  • Possess an operational understanding of the INFOR AS400 system   • Ability to leverage computerized systems and spreadsheets to measure and analyze efficiencies  • Leadership: The ability to lead people and get results through others  • Planning:  A strong ability to strategically plan ahead, both short and long term  • Prioritizing: the ability to effectively organize and manage multiple activities  • Ability to manage KPI’s; write business correspondence and procedure manuals.  • Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of internal team members, clients, and customers.    • Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written  • Excellent customer service focus and professionalism  • Creative and able to present various solutions  • Ability to work in a fast-paced, team environment  • Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions   • Ability to work under pressure with time constraints    *Only apply if you meet the Position Specific requirements*    Pre-employment drug screen and background check required
638:bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Marketing/Communications Content Team Lead    Primary responsibility; generating great team content for Marketing, web, print and social media     Job Description/Responsibilities:  Priority Dispatch Corps’ in-house Marketing and Communications Department is looking for a motivated, multi-talented content team lead with emphasis in writing marketing/PR/web/ editorial content for a wide array of digital and print (web, blog posts, social media, bi-monthly magazine, Ads, and various newsletters).     Responsibilities {Post training}:  • Guardian of style and must ensure that all customer-facing content adheres to usage and standards instituted in the editorial style guide and is free of errors and typos  • Excel in writing polished PR, marketing, web, and editorial copy  • Understanding of marketing and PR principles  • Build relationships with blogger, publishers & journalists based on our clients‘ industries  • Team lead content staff including: Assigning projects, maintaining the editorial production calendar, meeting dept. deadlines, editorial departments grammatical accuracy, clarity, completeness, appropriateness for intended audience, and conformity to established standard format guidelines, lead meetings to create the editorial content calendar,  • Manages multiple deadlines on a daily basis,   • Major contributor to the strategy meetings for web, PR, marketing, and social media  • Takes disparate initial drafts of documents from others and transform them into polished, cohesive, and complete documents. This includes following up with others to flush out missing details or clarify any ambiguities    Required skills/competencies/qualities:  • Desired Education: Bachelors in PR, Marketing, Communications, English, or related major   • Experience: 4+ years of content writing for both traditional and digital communications and  2+  as a team leader   • Proven performance-driven, focused, leadership attitude and abilities   • Exceptional writing skills and experience crafting content for the web, PR, marketing, and social media  • Successful record of handling multiple, simultaneous projects and deadlines  • Strict attention to writing detail (grammar, consistency, spelling, punctuation, Brand and Voice, and editorial style guide)  • In-depth knowledge of Associated Press (AP) Stylebook  • Firm knowledge of basic Web principles, writing web marketing and editorial content  • Very basic HTML or image editing experience {Desired}  • Administrator/moderator of a forum or blog (A bonus)  • Strong background in marketing and PR a plus    Essential Job Functions:  • Organizing and coordinating information and deadlines  • Problem-solving  • Creating written communication  • Frequent computer and telephone use  • Sitting for long periods of time  • Concentrating for long periods of time    Growth Opportunities:   Priority Dispatch Corp is a thirty year-old internationally expanding company, merit based opportunities are abundant for new family members (employees) who meet or exceed position performance metrics.    Fringe Benefits:   Excellent health and dental, 401K, long and short term disability, life insurance, holiday/vacation, merit based bonuses, business casual dress, free UTA multi-pass.     Location:  Downtown Salt Lake City, Utah.    Compensation:  Market competitive.    Portfolio/samples:  Please attach three sample of your writing and formal resume to your reply along with your LinkedIn page    To Apply  Email resume, salary requirements, and samples of your writing.  Our company thanks all candidates for their interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted.  No phone calls or drop-ins please.    Our Company:  Priority Dispatch Corp. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are a small, fast-growing provider of consulting, training, and software products for the public safety market.  Priority Dispatch is based in the U.S. in downtown Salt Lake City, Utah. We offer a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, and matching 401K programs, etc.    Priority Dispatch Corp. (PDC) provides comprehensive, integrated solutions for Police, Fire and Medical emergency dispatching. We incorporate the National Academies of Emergency Dispatch approved Priority Dispatch System® in all our products. PDC offers multi-agency emergency dispatching ProQA® Software, as well as a card-set version, AQUA® quality improvement software, training, consulting, and Academy accreditation support.
646:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Job Title:             Project Management Office-Manager Position Posted:   Internal/External Shift Schedule:   Mon-Fri 8-5 Pay Rate:     DOE Reports To:   DOE Open Date:   February 8, 2012  We are looking for a Manager to build a Project Management Office.  *Duties and Responsibilities:*  * To build and direct a Project Management Office to create better processes resulting in order, productivity and measurable operational output. * Demonstrate ability to prioritize projects and tasks based on competing priority agendas; this should be responsible for all aspects of project management throughout the company (start to finish) * Utilizing leadership skills to facilitate processes; like Implementation Management, Development  * Management, Operational Management & Account Management. * Defining and policing project management processes * Receiving and enforcing project priority * Reporting performance metrics & resource allocation  *Qualifications:*  * 5 years in an strategic PMO office with proven leadership skills to build a new PMO office, in a software development environment. * Successful team building. * Strong fiscal & operational understanding to create productivity metrics. * Proven methodologies & ability to manage and measure work. * Strong leadership skills, self motivation and direction, to have the ability to partner with others for a common cause.
648:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed	SEEKING PROFESSIONALS IN THE FOOD PRODUCTION / MEAT INDUSTRY   Location: Portland Oregon area  Includes great relocation benefits!        What we do….  A new “state of the art” beef further processing company with patented technology that significantly improves the overall quality and safety of beef.     Why work here….  We are currently looking for key individuals to help us scale-up and expand use of the new process, to quickly grow the company to be a leader in its field.    We are hiring people that are passionate about what they do every day, have a desire to make a difference and thrive in a team environment.  We reward our employees through outstanding compensation and a great place to work.            Your career opportunity…  This company is seeking an outstanding Production Manager with high standards that ensures maximum efficiency in the production process.  This person will have a “hands-on” approach and proven leadership skills. In this critical role, you will be responsible for directing, planning and coordinating an efficient and effective production process.  Your accountabilities…..   • Ensure compliance with high quality standards.  • Develop safety guidelines and enforce occupational health and safety practices in the production area.   • Budgeting, analyzing and managing the cost of raw materials.  • Develop process improvement and efficiencies through continuous improvement methods such as Six Sigma, Lean Manufacturing, Kaizen etc.  • Successfully plan, assign and direct work for the complete production process.  • Create problem solving methods and guidelines for production process.  • Foster team work and collaboration among peers.  • Develop and document standard operating procedures for the production process.  • Manage inventory and purchasing.  • Partner closely with the Quality Assurance team to ensure the safety of all products produced.  • Manage and supervise production process employees.  Your qualifications….  • Bachelor degree or higher level of education or equivalent experience.  • At least 5 years of experience in a production management role in the Meat Industry.  • Extensive experience in operating under USDA Inspection.  • Trained in OSHA requirements or expectations, HACCP, and Food Hygiene.  • Excellent verbal and written communication, planning and leadership skills are required.  • Team player and highly self-motivated individual.  • Proficient in MS Office (Word, Outlook, Excel, PowerPoint)   • Experience or certification in Six Sigma, Kaizen, Lean Manufacturing or similar continuous improvement production techniques is a plus.    We are an equal opportunity employer.  We value the diversity of individuals, ideas, perspectives, insights and values, and what they bring to the workplace.  Applications are welcome from all qualified candidates.  
649:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed associate-needed	Production Supervisor with Lean Manufacturing expertise-   We are seeking a professional that can further enhance the Lean Manufacturing standards and methods throughout the plants. In this critical position, you will foster a continuous improvement mindset while producing high quality products and managing cost.  Your accountabilities…  • Manage a team of 30 plus employees in the sawmill operation including scheduling and assigning work, developing daily task lists and leading accountability meetings  • Lead and develop the team to be excellent problem solvers with the ability to provide the highest quality products and services, with the shortest lead-times at the lowest cost  •  Augment a mindset and systematic process that demonstrates continuous improvement, QMS and Lean Manufacturing throughout the plant   • Make safety a priority and develop the highest level of safety standards and procedures  • Enrich sustainable, transparent and measurable quality management system (QMS) in the production flow, process and procedures.    • Utilize metrics/KPI’s to measure success  • Manage the production flow and weekly log consumption for the sawmill   • Ensure high quality care, operation and maintenance of all equipment and assess mechanical or material flow issues  •  Strengthen a forecasting production model that includes cost analysis and  resource planning to support current and future needs   • Participate in cross functional development projects for expansion or reduction of sawmill layout including research of modern technology and equipment   • Actively participate in cross functional meetings including:  correlation meetings, department / plant meetings and safety meetings  • Build and maintain critical relationships with site  and corporate partners including planer, log yard, maintenance/clean up, shipping, boilers, kilns,  finance and human resources   Your qualifications…  • Associates or higher degree and/or equivalent training and experience in a technical or management discipline   • Minimum of 5 years supervisory experience in a manufacturing environment  • Problem resolution, safety and continuous improvement expertise  • Solid expertise in lean manufacturing and other highly disciplined concepts  • Experience TPM, Synchronous Manufacturing and Kaizen concepts a plus   • Solid understanding of optimization equipment and maintenance  • Strong technical aptitude with ability to perform basic mathematical calculations  • Outstanding people management and leadership capability  • Demonstrated ability to successfully coach and develop employees  • Proven ability to develop relationships and influence across multiple organizations   • Proficiency in MS Office Suites (Excel, Word, Outlook, Power Point)    The Talence Group, LLC is a recruiting firm that has been retained to conduct this search by a leader in the forest products and natural resources industry.  They have over 600 employees and several locations across Idaho, Oregon and Washington.  Our client hires people that are passionate about what they do every day, have a desire to make a difference and thrive in a team environment.  They reward their employees through outstanding compensation, benefits and a great place to work!  As an equal employment opportunity company, we value the diversity of individuals, ideas, perspectives, insights and values, and what they bring to the workplace.  Applications are welcome from all qualified candidates.  We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.  
657:salary supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	*Plant Controller*  *Company:* $1 billion+ publicly traded consumer products manufacturing company  *Location:* Ontario Area, Inland Empire   *Compensation* : Up to $115,000 + 25% bonus  *Requirements* : 8+year of cost accounting/operations/management experience within large manufacturing environment. SAP a plus.  *SUMMARY Job Description:*  Apply your financial and operational leadership skills to think of new and improved methods to improve efficiency at both the financial and plant level. As the Plant Controller you will be responsible for ensuring timely and accurate reporting of plant financial information, maintainin proper accounting controls to prevent loss and ensure compliance with GAAP, identifying opportunities to reduce costs/waste, and supporting the Plant Manager in efforts to improve the bottom line customer service, and morale.   The Plant Controller reports directly to the Director of Finance who, in turn, reports directly to the U.S. Divisional CFO. The Plant Controller is responsible for Cost Accountants, AP Clerks, Production Clerks, Shipping Supervisors, and Purchasing Agents.  *Responsibilities:* - Functions as a business partner with the Plant Manager to effectively manage and control all facets of the plant’s efficiency and productivity ; - Manages others by providing ongoing development, mentoring, and strong learning experiences; - Provides operational financial reporting, financial analysis and manufacturing cost analysis; and - Acts as a financial consultant to mid-level and senior operational finance line staff such as Bench Controllers, G/L accountants, Cost Accountants, and Cost Analysts.•
658:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	*Lucid Fusion* is looking for a *Social Media Manager* to join our growing team!  Lucid Fusion (www.example.com) is a rapidly growing, fast paced digital agency producing strategic marketing services for some of the strongest and most intriguing brands within fashion, sports, health services, and nutrition. Located in beautiful Orange County, Lucid Fusion seeks to inspire action with every project we take on.  The Lucid Fusion team consists of a diverse mix of both top-tier development and creative talent who are passionate about digital marketing and brand integrity. We've built an environment that both values team dynamics and rewards individual effort. It's where you can live your passion for all things digital and social media!  The Social Media Manager position is designed to give you the opportunity to work within the LF Social department, where you will be developing and executing social media strategies and engagement tactics across multiple channels. You will be an appointed administrator for clients and corporate social media communities. As a central part of our Social Team, you will also be responsible for establishing relationships and seeding content through bloggers social networks. A strong understanding of social media and online community trends/ technology is a must.  *Responsibilities:* • Strategy. • Assist with creation, conception, and execution of social media strategy and integrated marketing campaigns. • Interpret the direction of strategy/planning and creative leads. • Communicate and coordinate client service, production and strategy/planning teams. • Ensuring that community strategy supports overall brand goals and objectives. • Management/Moderation. • Listening & Reporting. • Identify and engage with influencers on a daily basis. • Summarize insights and conversations to create actionable, client-facing reports that lead to optimization. • Create and maintain Content Calendars, including writing Facebook Status Updates.  • Publish relevant content in accordance with Content Calendar. • Review user generated comments and posts in a quick and timely manner. • Respond to comments, when appropriate, in order to foster a positive community and add value to the user experience. • Enforce the Social Media Guidelines as defined by the brand. • Escalate User Generated Content, where appropriate, to internal and client stakeholders.  *Other Responsibilities may include:* • Manage client relationships and serve as the client’s main point of contact on select projects. • Assist with creation of blogger lists and outreach. • Own and lead projects from proposal through post-mortem. • Work collaboratively with all Lucid Fusion teams to ensure seamless results. • Create budgets, timelines and proposals. • Support the Director in larger, global campaigns. • Contribute to sales and new business processes. • Create project deliverables when needed. • Understand our client’s needs, brands and industries. • Proactive problem solving.  *Requirements:* 2-3 years Social Media/Digital PR or other relevant experience A passion for digital and social media A desire to work in a collaborative, growing agency Ability to manage several projects and accounts simultaneously Celebrity/Athlete/Blogger relationships a plus Strong client-centric English writing and presentation skills Strong organizational skills and detail orientation Experience working on a Mac and proficiency in Keynote, Pages and Numbers Experience working with fashion or sports brands is a plus 
664:ms-or-phd-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	POSITION SUMMARY:    In support of the Executive Team, provides leadership and management for planning and business development activities of the organization to ensure the effective and efficient achievement of short-term and long-term business plans.    As part of the Executive Team, functions as the project lead for monitoring industry and public policy trends, advising on the organization’s business position and leading the response of strategic development opportunities.  Acts as a program lead for projects assigned by the Executive Director.      TYPICAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES: (*: The non-essential functions)    •Working with the Executive Team will facilitate formulation of short/long term program goals and business development activities to ensure the effective and efficient achievement of business plans.  •Monitors, analyzes, and reports on community/industry trends effecting behavioral health care service development and delivery.  Understands the organization’s present/future competitors and positioning.  •Provides leadership to Executive staff to develop new business opportunities and negotiate new service contracts, program development, service delivery methods and metrics.  •Acts at the point person or project lead for newly developing programs until they can be turned over to the appropriate department head.  •Works with Executive team to identify and analyze revenue models and product line goals.  •Acts in support of Executive team by reporting on county, state and national legislative and regulatory initiatives impacting behavioral health care and related services funding.  •Creates and nurtures strong and active relationships with payors, legislative staff, county and state leaders.  •Conducts and presents results of surveys results which define the organization’s competitive status in the market.    Education, Training, and Experience:    •MPH, MBA or MS human service field  •10 years experience in a senior management position related to business planning and public policy development.  •Strong working knowledge of child and family services, behavioral health care trends and non-profit sector business.    Knowledge and Skills:    •Advanced writing, reading and verbal skills.  •Understanding and sensitivity to working with culturally diverse populations.  •Experience in coaching and counseling senior managers in business development practices.  •Ability to work independently, collaboratively and as part of a team.  •Excellent analytical skills.   •Demonstrated experience in strategic and long-range operational planning.  •Computer competency in Microsoft Office Applications.    Special Requirements:    •Must be able to meet and receive a criminal records clearance as required by Title XXII licensing regulations.  •DMV Clearance.  •TB Test.  
671:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	The Ulven Companies are a nationally known group of four companies that produce high quality, precision forgings and castings located in beautiful Hubbard, Oregon.  Since their inception over 40 years ago, The Ulven Companies have established a well-earned reputation for technical excellence, reliability and a strong customer orientation.  Still independently owned, The Ulven Companies have experienced significant growth in a wide variety of industries and are continuing on this strong growth path.    We have an outstanding opportunity for a skilled professional that can help our company continue to attain our growth goals and establish our product acceptance in the global marketplace.  The individual will have demonstrated skills and experience as noted in the position description below.  We provide a competitive compensation and benefits package for the right individual.  This position reports directly to the General Manager.    The Plant Manager candidate must have the following skills:  - B.S. Industrial Engineering or Business Administration or equivalent work experience  - 8 – 10 years’ in Industrial Manufacturing environment in leadership role   - Ability to build, develop and retain strong management team  - Industrial product experience and technical process/materials knowledge   - Strong communications skills – both written and verbal  - Positive leadership style and ability to create a high morale manufacturing environment  - Competence in Lean manufacturing models  - Superior planner and organizer  - Ability to facilitate and support growth of team members  - Works effectively and productively with others  - Financial/accounting function knowledge  - Strong overall leadership skills/interpersonal skills  - Ability to delegate fully    Key accountabilities for this position include (but not limited to):  - Accountable for budgeting and planning of facilities and equipment to meet needs of company growth  - Accountable for the management and leadership of three direct reports including Production Manager, Maintenance Manager, and Scheduling function  - Accountable for Lean Leadership in support of the Lean Program Manager for UFI and continuous process improvement per stated goals of Lean implementation projects  - Accountable for recruiting, hiring and development of management/supervisor team to meet needs of UFI operations   - Accountable for cost control of manufacturing operation and attainment of gross margins of the product per cost standards developed by the CFO    Equal Opportunity Employer  
683:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	The Marketing lead at New Dawn Technologies is a strong leader capable of developing and implementing ongoing strategic initiatives. Responsible for communication projects that include public relations, special events, advertising, and creating brand awareness in the company and respected markets. The Marketing Lead will work closely with the marketing team to develop and drive New Dawn’s marketing initiatives taking marketing to the next level.    REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS  •Bachelor of Science or Arts degree in  business, marketing or related field of study  •3+ years’ experience in marketing, marketing communications, or media planning  •Excellent project management and time management skills  •Experience managing a budget  •Well versed in a variety of field concepts, practices, and procedures,   •Working experience in developing and proposing marketing ideas and plans  •Working knowledge and experience using Microsoft Office Suite  •Experience and familiarity with HTML code  •Experience with Adobe and other visual communications software  •Clear and precise written and verbal skills  •Ability to make evaluative judgments  •Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing  •Ability to organize, prioritize, and schedule projects  •Must have Passion, Integrity, and Energy!     Apply online at www.example.com
699:supervising-job bs-degree-needed	Smith/Packett is a healthcare development and investment firm specializing in design, development, financing, marketing, strategic planning and operations for the Seniors Housing & Care Industry. This includes Skilled Nursing Facilities, Assisted Living Properties, Independent Living Properties as well as related senior living campus development projects. Smith/Packett is nationally recognized and enjoys a longstanding and valued reputation in this industry. Smith/Packett's primary market concentration is within the Southeast Region of the United States, www.example.com.   Smith/Packett is currently looking for a Development Project Coordinator to assist in providing management oversight of all aspects of planning and developing new senior housing projects, including nursing homes, assisted living facilities, retirement communities and acquisition of senior housing projects. Responsibilities include assisting management in the planning and developing from project inception through construction completion and certificate of occupancy, coordinating site selection process including: utility availability, zoning, compliance, site plan approval process and identifying site development issues (i.e., soil conditions, rock, set backs, topography, etc.), directing the project through the site planning approval process to obtain all necessary permits to develop the project, overseeing/developing preliminary site plans and master plans for presentation, cost evaluations and planning purposes, coordinating and directing rezoning or special permit requests with local municipality, civil engineer, attorneys and neighbors, attending public and neighborhood meetings as necessary, providing support in the process of certificate of public need (COPN) procurement, including application, public support, and public hearings, and conduct research and market feasibility for each new market and product utilizing an in-house marketing model and on-site visits.   Qualified candidates should be a graduate of a four-year degree program related to real estate development or construction. Graduates of a business administration degree will also be considered. Graduates from an MBA program preferred. Prefer three years or more of experience in assisting or supervising the development of projects. Construction project management will also be considered. Excellent command of MS Word and Excel required. Excel power user desired. Willingness to travel. Ability to work under pressure and coordinate numerous activities and groups of people who need to cooperate to achieve maximum efficiency. Good oral and written communication skills.   Competitive salary and benefit package offered commensurate with experience.
700:supervising-job	The Village on Pheasant Ridge, a premier Independent and Assisted Living Community is looking for an Activity Director with a passion for seniors!  If you like working in an environment where you can have fun and use your leadership skills, work in a team environment and provide outstanding customer service to our residents, their families and team members, we'd like to hear from you.    The Activity Director is responsible for managing all social and recreational activities in and out of the community. This position is responsible for providing residents with a stimulating and varied calendar of activities and events in order to meet as many of the social needs of our residents as possible.     We are seeking an individual who can demonstrate the following competencies:  • Innovative & Creative   • Committed Team Player   • Customer Focus   • Judgment/Integrity/Trust   • Planning & Organizing    The Village on Pheasant Ridge is, above all, a company dedicated to quality and built on a strong foundation of family and community,  We provide a competitive pay and benefits package, including vacation, sick and holiday pay.
701:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	A well established, growing company in Roanoke, Virginia is accepting resumes for the position of VP Sales & Marketing.  This is an opportunity for someone to directly impact the growth of this company. This position will provide overall strategy and direction for both sales and marketing efforts, while leading a team of local Marketing Directors. The ideal candidate will develop training and execution plans for the local Marketing Directors at the property level. The company currently manages 6 senior living communities with a mix of Independent Living, Assisted Living and Memory Care units. The portfolio of properties will more than double in the next 12-18 months.  The ideal candidate should be ready to join a growing management team and ready to put their mark on a company and hit the ground running.      5+ years successful hands-on sales experience in senior housing required    Prior Regional, National or Multi site experience of at least 10 communities     Experience as successful trainer for sales and marketing techniques and programs    Experience in building and developing sales teams    Experience with \"start up\" communities preferred    Excellent hospitality and customer service skills    Excellent communication skills - verbal and written    Genuine compassion for seniors  This position is located in Roanoke, Virginia. Some travel will be required. Salary commensurate with experience.
716:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	*Do you have what it takes to join the Wiers team?*   We are looking for a dynamic, result-oriented leader to serve as Service Manager of our Logansport Dealership.   The successful canddiate will have a proven track record of successful leadership and creative problem-solving.   If you're ready to take your career to the next level, consider joining Team Wiers today.    *Duties:*   * Focus on developing long term relationships with existing and new customers  * Lead Diesel Technicians and direct work assignments as apropraite  * Process Repair Orders timely and efficiently, meeting or exceeding customer expectations  * Plan annual budget and deliver results to meet key objectives  * Continually stay abreast of industry standards  * Have fun!   *Qualifications:*  Candidates must display a history of increasing job responsibilities and career progression.   Daily activities will require excellent communication skills, creativity, and problem solving, in cooperation with being highly detailed and organized.   Must be comfortable working independently and as part of a team.   The job also requires an analytical approach in order to make recommendations after analyzing data.   *Education / Experience*   * Bachelors Degree  * Minimum of 7 Years ever-increasing work experience  * Experience leading successful teams    *Apply at WiersJobs.com*
717:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Oracle Endeca Commerce is an industry leading search and guided navigation platform that enables businesses to guide and influence customers throughout their search experience.  Endeca solutions drive hundreds of millions of dollars in increased revenues for some of the world’s most demanding commerce sites.    We represent an opportunity to work with bright peers and embark on challenges that stem from rapid growth and building a business around market-changing technology. Oracle Endeca offers the resources and reach of a larger company, with great opportunities for those that love innovation, fast growth, and want to make a difference every day.      Job Requirements        Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/business skills in area of specialization. Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. 7 years of software engineering or related experience.      Do you thrive in a fast-paced environment?  Do you enjoy solving challenging problems?  Do you want to be part of the engine that is driving the next-generation of top-tier commerce and media websites?    We are looking for proven technical leaders like you to join a small team of engineers building the next generation of Oracle Endeca’s data integration component in our Guided Search platform. We use a broad range of technologies to efficiently acquire, transform and enrich large volumes of highly variable data in a highly extensible manner.    The team needs a strong technical leader with the vision and execution skills to tackle this challenging and highly visible problem.  In addition to being a key contributor, the leader will also provide technical mentorship on an Agile team to effectively deliver well-designed, high quality software.    Responsibilities:  -Participation in all aspects of software development: definition, design, implementation, testing and delivery    - Provide hands-on technical leadership on an Agile team to deliver high-quality, maintainable software in response to business and technical requirements    - Contribute to the design and implementation of challenging problems aligned with Oracle Endeca’s technical strategy    - Work with leaders throughout the company to help evolve Oracle Endeca’s technical strategy         Qualifications:    - BS or MS in Computer Science or related area    - 5-10 years software development experience    - Strong object-oriented design and analysis skills    - Significant experience with Java/J2EE    - Ability to work in a collaborative environment    - Proven experience as a self-starter    - Experience mentoring other engineers    - Excellent communication skills       Preferred Experience:     - Agile development    - Java concurrency, Web Services, SQL, JUnit, Maven    - ETL tools    - Proficiency with ActionScript and Adobe Flex
718:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	Job Posting Title IRC XXX   Job Title Course/Curriculum Dev 4-Training Organization  Name Oracle ATG-Endeca Curriculum Development   Department Description:  Oracle ATG-Endeca Curriculum Development  Brief Posting Description:  Develops courseware to support new and existing products, often though not exclusively in conjunction with Product Division.  Detailed Description:  Coordinate and evaluate development contributions from other courseware development team members. Develop certification questions for use in the Oracle Certified Professional (OCP) exams. Solicit & incorporate feedback from reviews and training events. Deliver training at train-the-trainer and pilot events.  Job Requirements  Leading contributor individually and as a team member, providing direction and mentoring to others. Work is non-routine and very complex, involving the application of advanced technical/business skills in area of specialization. Bachelor*s Degree in Computer Science or Instructional Design.  Four years adult education experience (as teacher or curriculum developer). Seven years technical or professional experience using Oracle products or related software. Strong SQL and PL/SQL knowledge and experience. Knowledge of XML, Java, and J2EE technologies. Experience with Oracle9i Database administration. Knowledge of Oracle9i Application server. 
719:bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Oracle Corporation  Job Title: User Experience Developer 3-ProdDev   Organization Name: HSGBU Design Team Department Description  Location: Burlington, MA      Oracle Health Sciences supports the Health Care industry from discovery of new drugs, devices and procedures, all the way to healthcare delivery.  Our culture promotes the constant improvement of our personal and professional skills by sharing with each other the latest research and new technologies available. We've found that enthusiasm, expertise for design, and unflappable energy are key ingredients in our mutual continued success and growth.     In the Design Team we work hard. We support a wide range of projects with a small team.  In addition to competitive salaries, satisfaction comes from having built a fantastic design and knowing that users all over the world will be seeing your work. We value our people, and are committed to providing a respectful work environment with challenges appropriate to your experience and aptitude.    Our projects are wide-ranging and offer talented design professionals wide-ranging creative challenges and demand from them the highest quality of design and execution. You will have the opportunity to work directly with exceptional R&D teams with the power and responsibility to shape the way users interact with their technology. Hospitals, doctors, patients, device & pharmaceutical companies around the world will use the software that you design.  Our software platform is broad ranging from desktop software, to mobile, to the latest web technologies.    Brief Posting Description  Responsible for creating, evaluating and modifying prototypes to support evolving hardware and software application development.  Detailed Description  As a member of the User Experience team, you will develop and apply software design/usability processes in the investigation of technical problems. May develop user profiles, with emphasis on human error control, display issues, visual interaction, physical manipulation and task and objective Analyzes. Provide product usability, evaluation and support to product development teams, including the analysis and investigation of applications/systems including tactile methods, visual graphics, web, multimedia, voice response and conversational user interaction. May assist in developing design concept and implementation, providing input on user design considerations. May produce specifications describing user needs and internal structures for product in development.    Job Requirements  Duties and tasks are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. Typically four years of software engineering or related experience needed.  Additional Details  The Health Sciences industry offers many unique design challenges: Big data sets from all over the world converging on a single point to support time-sensitive insights that impact scientific and medical decisions; providing the right information at the right time in an interactive and immersive way; users who come from all over the world; on and on.     The Design Team within Oracle Health Sciences is growing by pulling together extremely talented people to drive Healthcare, Life Science and Safety products into the future.  The Design Team apply skills in graphic arts, cognitive science, human-computer interaction, research, and software technology to this rapidly evolving market.  Members of the UX team are involved throughout the software development lifecycle, from the requirements gathering, through design conception, to delivery.     Candidates who lack passion or curiosity need not apply.  Our ideal candidates will blend their design and technology skills to imagine new ways for users to work.  Our candidate will be 80% User Experience Designer, 40% User Researcher and 35% Graphic Designer.  Delivery and outcomes are even more important.  Ability to work multiple projects and deliver compelling products quickly and in a shifting world is key. Excellent communication and presentations skills are essential.  Knowledge of healthcare or life sciences services is a plus.   If this sounds like you, we're waiting for you.  
720:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job salary	Salary (negotiable): Base salary c$76,000. $121,000 with commission (uncapped) + usual big company benefits  Our client is a major international software PLC.  With an enviable global client base including a significant number of Fortune 100 companies our client is going from strength to strength growing both organically and through acquisition.  Our client’s software supports enterprise applications with massive improvement in performance and reduction in risk.   Building on their success and as part of their growth our client is building new inside sales team in Troy and so we are looking for an experienced Inside Sales Manager for this new team. Inside Sales Manager Role We are looking for an exceptional Inside Sales Manager who can show a proven track record of managing and growing successful inside sales teams.  Core skills required include: • Excellent sales leadership skills • Very strong coaching and mentoring skills including the ability to develop people. Experience of managing a graduate sales team would also be beneficial • Ability to put together targeted sales business plans • A successful track record of  lead generation, lead nurturing and conversion • Strong account planning and account management skills • The ability to build and maintain a strong pipeline • Experience of multi channel sales • Ability to create marketing campaigns and execute same • Great commercial acumen • Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ideal background – Inside Sales Manager • At least 5 years sales management experience • A track record of managing a successful inside sales team  • A background in managing a target driven environment • Experience of software license, service and/or maintenance renewal contracts • A background/understanding in of the following is useful: enterprise software, software performance / software optimization, application development etc. But mostly we are looking for great attitude and positive thinking with a real ‘can do’ mentality.  This is an ideal opportunity for someone who wants to join an incredibly successful global business and be part of the next stage of growth.  Our client can offer career progression second to none including the opportunity to work abroad if that is of interest!  And as well as all this there is a very competitive salary package with uncapped earnings.
722:bs-degree-needed supervising-job full-time-job	The Associate Marketing Manager, guided by the company vision, mission, and values, is responsible for delivering and analyzing Internet Marketing Initiatives that produce qualified traffic and grow revenue through effective brand building and customer engagement initiatives.  The successful candidate will have strong interpersonal skills, be highly organized and able to work in a fast paced environment.    *Key Areas:*    • Email Campaigns:  Develop Email schedules, messages and content.  Using history and current trends to identify what the customer wants to hear about.  Master email deployment systems and manage 3rd party relationships.  • Paid Marketing:  Partner with 3rd party agencies to formulate strategies to reach existing and new customers in order to drive qualified traffic to Southmoonunder.com while maintaining Ad Spend goals.  • Analytics:  Develop and effectively manage Marketing reports, drawing insight in to emerging trends and market shifts relative to prior year and new initiatives.  • Events / Sweeps:  What's the buzz?  Developing ways of attracting engagement with our core audience in order to create a holistic representation of who we are as a lifestyle brand.  • New Business Development:  Search out and develop new marketing channels, manage the necessary 3rd party relationships and evaluate near and long-term potential.  • Budget Management:  Oversee and account for the Internet Marketing budgets.  • Effectively interface with other department teams in order to develop sound marketing strategies to support the above responsibilities.  • Advocate new methods of outreach to develop customer engagement, brand development and positioning.    *Skills / Experience:*     • Bachelor’s degree or higher, Marketing or Communications focus  • 2+ years Internet Marketing, preferably in fashion retail  • Organization, Prioritization, Task Management  • Microsoft Office Suite – Excel, Outlook, etc    IF you meet the criteria please forward a cover letter and resume.  Please, no phone calls.    _The above information outlines the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. No Visa Sponsorship available for this position._    _South Moon Under is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to providing a diverse workplace._
724:salary supervising-job full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	We are the leading manufacturer of RF and microwave laboratory devices, calibration standards and system component. We maintain a state of the art microwave laboratory with the latest test equipment supporting our test and calibration operations.  We offer competitive salaries and a robust benefit packet that includes affordable medical, dental, vision, 401k, life insurance, short-term and long-term disability insurance. We also offer various training programs, education reimbursement as well as growth opportunities within the organization.      Summary:  The Quality Assurance Manager’s primary mission is to help the company meet its business and quality objectives. Quality Assurance Manager will develop, implement and manage a quality control program consistent with world class manufacturing standards that meet or exceed the expectations of our customers and will ensure that the company’s products continue to be the industry benchmark for quality and performance. The Quality Assurance Manager will manage the Quality System certification process (AS 9100 and ISO 9001) and ensure continued compliance to those Quality System Standards.      Essential Duties:  • Drive effectiveness of our Quality Policy by promoting continuous quality improvement, i.e., process evaluations and improvements that result in achievement of our business objectives.  • Responsible for maintaining the Quality System; AS 9100 / ISO 9001 Certification.  • Ensure the Integrity of Document and Data Control; and Specifications and Standards (internal and external) Libraries throughout the company..  • Review customer complaints.  • Perform trend analysis on returned goods, warranty repairs, complaints, manufacturing, inspection, receiving inspection and vendor quality.  • Manage the corrective and preventative action system.  • Supervise Inspection team, including Calibration/Metrology Coordinator(s)    • Plan and implement innovative quality monitoring processes; develop and maintain metrics to ensure fabricated parts and finished products shipped meet high standards and are the best in the industry.  • Ensure applicable quality/calibration standards and mil specs are met.  • Coordinate with Manufacturing/Methods Engineering Departments to develop and execute:  • New quality processes and inspection methods  • Training and Certification programs   • Manage Supplier Quality:  • Coordinate with appropriate Engineering & Manufacturing personnel to ensure new suppliers meet quality standards.  • Monitor supplier on-time and quality performance.  Issue SCARs as warranted (coordinate with Mfg. & Eng. as required).     • Participate in Risk Management. Perform and manage FMEA   • Prepare for and conduct quality audits with customer, third party representatives and internal processes.  • Complete, submit & maintain Customer Quality/Calibration surveys.  • Identify, advise, coordinate, administrate & document Regulatory compliance (RoHs, CE, other).  • Audit and ensure ESD control and records with ESD Control Officer.  • Audit and ensure Hazmat control and records with Hazmat Control Officer.    Requirements:     • Bachelor’s degree preferred; technical discipline preferred.  • 10 years experience in Quality Assurance in a high-technology manufacturing environment, including at least 5 years at the Manager level and familiarity with production processes; Microwave or RF test and measurement experience desirable.  • Proven ability to achieve results and improve quality systems.  • Experience with managing AS9100 ISO 9001 quality systems, certification process and audits.  • Strong leadership and management skills, willing to lead by example.  • Relevant industry certifications and memberships are desirable.  • Effective interpersonal skills – MUST be personable as well as assertive and decisive.  • Excellent presentation and communication skills; verbal and written.  • Proficiency with ERP/MRP systems.  • Proficiency with Microsoft Office® programs.
730:supervising-job	*Controller*  Are you a passionate person who believes anything worth doing is worth doing well? Do others describe you as a key player? Are you an unusually organized and creative thinker? Do you naturally take ownership and track details to completion?  _If so, keep reading…_  Akron-based company is looking for a Controller. The candidate selected will play a key role in maximizing return on financial assets by establishing financial policies, procedures, controls, and reporting systems.  *Job Duties:*  * Guides financial decisions by establishing, monitoring, and enforcing policies and procedures. * Protects assets by establishing, monitoring, and enforcing internal controls. * Monitors and confirms financial condition by conducting audits; providing information to external auditors. * Maximizes return, and limits risk, on cash by minimizing bank balances; making investments. * Prepares budgets by establishing schedules; collecting, analyzing, and consolidating financial data; recommending plans. * Achieves budget objectives by scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions. * Provides status of financial condition by collecting, interpreting, and reporting financial data. * Prepares special reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information and trends. * Maintains financial staff job results by coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees; planning, monitoring, and appraising job results.Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.  *Skills/Requirements:*  * Gets upset when others give excuses * Follows through and gets things done! * Ability to multi-task * Ability to set goals and then take action to fulfill them * Extremely organized and detail-oriented * Willing to do whatever it takes to get things done * Able to bounce back from constructive criticism with renewed dedication * Always learning, growing, and expanding your boundaries * Desire to be a part of something bigger than yourself * Is a naturally gifted communicator * Works hard but likes to have fun while getting things done  If this describes you, please submit your resume ! 
732:2-4-years-experience-needed salary supervising-job full-time-job	Regional Manager - Greater Cleveland This is a multi-unit management role for a full service, casual dining concept with 6 locations in the Cleveland area.  You will lead this group of restaurants in the areas of staffing, guest service, sales and profits, and sanitation.  You will report directly to the Vice President of Operations for this group. This a great opportunity for someone who wants to be able to have an impact on this highly successful organizaion.   You *must* have at least 3 years of current multi-unit level management experience with a high volume casual dining chain. You will not be considered for this position if you don't have the multi-unit restaurant experience. Must be in a casual dining setting with a full bar.  Compensation: $75,000-$85,000 base plus bonuses plus benefits plus car allowance.   Immediate local interviews! 
733:2-4-years-experience-needed salary supervising-job	Fine Dining Restaurant with long standing, stable chain based in Cleveland.  Great reputation.  Great Quality of life!  Dinner only. No lunch.  Due to increased business we need 2 managers, one for Columbus  and one for Pittsburgh.  Relocation for the right person.  You need at least 3 years of _fine dining_ management experience. Only fine dining with wine experience will be considered.   *No job hoppers.* (You will not be considered if you have more than 3 jobs in the last 10 years.)  Become part of the legend by joining this excellent restaurant. You will be proud to call this your place of employment.  You'll report to the G.M. of this multimillion dollar fine dining restaurant.  FOH responsibility.  Opportunity for advancement. This is part of a muli-unit chain so advancement is ripe for the high performing managers.  $45,000+ / DOE  Outstanding benefits: Medical, Dental ++
739:salary supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job	*Position:* Heavy-wheel/Diesel Engine Mechanics - Military-Experienced Only  *Discipline:* Mechanic Industry Type: Full-time, Technicians and Supervisory  *Locations:* Baton Rouge *Salary Range:* Industry Competitive  *Principal Duties/Responsibilities:* Maintain large fleet of heavy-wheeled vehicles for major company.  *Job Requirements (education, skills, certifications, licenses):*  - 4+ years recent military experience maintaining military tactical vehicles - Associate's or Bachelor's degree in a related technical discipline preferred, or the equivalent combination of education, technical certifications or training, or work/military experience. - Excellent verbal and written communication skills - Excellent customer service skills - Previous experience with diesel engines, diesel generators, pumps/compressors, and electrical systems - Computer work and data entry knowledge - Prefer ability to supply your own complete set of master mechanic hand tools and impact wrenches - Successfully pass pre-employment (post offer) drug screen, background and motor vehicle records check - Valid driver's license and good motor vehicle record - CDL a plus - Must be Honorably Discharged   For prompt consideration, submit your resume today.
746:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	We are looking for an restaurant professional with 5+ years experience. Our facility is a fast-paced, dual cafeteria in an industrial facility. This two shift operation includes vending.  Must be detail oriented, hands-on manager. kitchen experience essential.  Manage day to day operations of two cafeteria facility.  Acheive targeted food, labor cost goals.  follow corporate specifications for products/menus/pricing  Supervise staff  Maintain positive relationship with corporate  client  We offer: competetive pay, 401k, medical/dental insurance, paid vacations, NO holidays/Sundays.
768:salary 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	An established busy dermatology practice is seeking an experienced Medical Office Manager to start immediately.     About the practice:  We are a very service oriented, nationally recognized dermatology office with an emphasis on cosmetic dermatology. Our founder has been in practice for 24 years.  Most of our staff have been with us for 8+ years, we have almost no turnover.       This is an incredible opportunity for the right individual.  We do require our candidates to have at least 3-5 years of management experience in a dermatology practice.     Medical Office Manager Job Description and List of Essential Duties, including but not limited to:  1. Managing Employees of the Practice (including but not limited to):  • Establishes a high performance team of staff that is efficient, knowledgeable, service-oriented, and shares responsibility for attaining the goals of the practice. • Provides leadership, guidance, and organizational expertise to all staff members (10-15 employees) • Hires, trains, supervises, manages, and terminates office staff (check-in, check-out, and appointment secretary). • Conducts ongoing employee evaluation of operations staff on a regular basis. • Effectively communicates departmental activities to overall staff. • Makes monthly schedules for physicians; notifies staff of vacations, meetings, etc. • Makes weekly schedules for front office. • Coordinates schedules and activities with clinical staff. • Maintains smooth operation of check-in, check-out, appointment book, and dictation function. • Prepares front office payroll information. • Provides back-up for front office staff as needed.  2. Managing Practice Operations (including but not limited to):  • Maintains an effective system for employee personnel files and records ensuring legal documentation. • Perform all prospective employee reference checks.  Ensure compliance with all government agencies with regard to human resource. • Ensures the office maintains HIPAA and OSHA compliance, including staff training • Designs/implements and/or updates:   o Employee Manual o Standardized Procedures & Protocols o Patient Scheduling Protocols o Telephone Systems • Liaison between patients and staff • Dealing with unhappy patients/customers • Inputting patient information into EMR system • Inputting patient emails into email system • Processes patient recall cards. • Reconciles “no show” lists. • Posting of non-insurance related payments • Manages Outside contractors • Monitors inventory for front office  (retail products, equipment and front office supplies) • Scheduling and managing staff meetings, pharmaceutical representative lunches and presentations, patient events, etc. • Processing online orders • Paying office expense bills by credit card. • Assisting the doctor with phone calls, emails and other communication with individuals and companies • Being available for any and all emergencies involving the office, in the doctor’s absence, except medical emergencies  3. Managing Practice Finances (including but not limited to):  • Prepares change envelope and credit card transaction receipts; reconciles petty cash. • Responsible for posting and adjustments related to patient services. Oversees patient collections. • Enters charges and payments; issues refunds as appropriate. Reconciles day sheet with fee sheets. • Coordinates computer systems, including software updating and daily backup. • Producing financial reports and reviewing regularly to increase profitability Aligning Performance for Success 1.  Establishes approach 2. Creates a learning environment 3. Sets performance goals   4. Tracks performance 5. Evaluates performance 6. Collaboratively establishes development plans/goals   Salary is $50-$60K to start.  Our benefits include:  Paid vacation, paid holidays, health insurance  and a pension plan with company matching.
775:salary 2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Rapidly growing, Austin, Texas-based investment bank seeks Financial Valuation Senior Associate professional.  This position is for execution talent of IRC 409(a) and other business valuation engagements for the company’s Financial Advisory practice.   Westlake Securities is a middle market investment banking firm with offices in Austin, Dallas and Houston, Texas. The firm serves private and public companies across a broad range of industries in Texas and surrounding states. Westlake acts as an advisor to management teams and investors in these companies in matters including mergers, acquisitions and capital formation transactions ranging from $5 million to $200 million in size.   Duties: • Individual will become involved in executing and supervising client engagements within the firm’s financial advisory practice (valuations and fairness opinions) and therefore must have the capacity to interact well with clients, senior executives and external service providers • Specific tasks include overseeing and performing intensive financial analysis, writing opinions and reports, conducting presentations, applying valuation approaches and methods in a variety of financial situations, including equity valuations, 409As, option analyses etc • Execute valuations self sufficiently with minimal direction from superiors • Maintain active communication with all relevant parties during the process of the engagement • Train and manage part time staff • Ability to work additional hours and travel to client locations (as needed) • Obtain CVA (Certified Valuation Analyst) credentials within six months  Required Qualifications • Accounting or Finance degree (Masters preferred)  • 3-5 Years of business valuation experience (MUST have performed 409a and /or fairness opinions)  • Up to date on valuation theory and methodology • Very proficient with MS Excel and use of Cap IQ • Work eligibility – US permanent resident or existing work visa is required  Preferred Qualifications • Good understanding of capital structures • CFA or CPA credential is a plus • Must be detailed oriented • Willingness to train and develop the staff • Pleasant demeanor and “do whatever it takes” attitude  Organizational • Individual will report to the CFO • Compensation ranges from $70k - $75k DOE + bonus potential  • Firm pays 100% of base medical and dental premiums  • Timing is flexible • Covered parking is free • Office location is ideal and easy to get to • This is on average a 40/hr a week job if properly managed  Please note that this position is NOT for the Investment Banking Practice but for the Financial Advisory Practice of Westlake Securities.  Email your resume to careers at westlakesecurities.com by 9am (CST) Friday August 24.  No solicitation from recruiting companies and no phone calls please.
776:full-time-job supervising-job salary	We are looking for a full time Front Desk Staff Supervisor to work at a well-established private Psychiatric practice in Sarasota, FL.  WORK HOURS:  - Monday through Friday (Saturdays optional)  - 8 am to 4 pm  REQUIRED SKILLS: - Previous supervisory experience - Mental health office experience - Excellent communications and computer skills - Highly organized - Ability to work well in teams  RESPONSIBILITIES: - Supervise 3 Front Desk Receptionists - Training and development of staff - Daily review/update appointment schedules - Occasional phone coverage  SALARY:  - Competitive + Bonus system  BENEFITS: - 2 week vacation  - 6 holidays - 401K plan
797:supervising-job	Join John Hinderer Honda, where your talent can make a difference.  Become a part of an award winning team that offers growth opportunity, excellent earning potential and leadership that appreciates your drive, skills and ability. Time after time, John Hinderer Honda has turned the automotive industry upside down through its innovative services and its continual push to be the No. 1 choice for career growth opportunities in the automotive industry. We're looking for people who can make a difference because we believe that an innovative team can accomplish anything!     As head of the Internet Department located in Heath, OH, the Internet Director builds business by managing products, people, process and promotions regarding phone and internet generated leads from customers seeking to purchase automobiles. Timely responses to customer inquiries are critical to setting appointments resulting in sales and achieving customer satisfaction.    ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS     Responsible for daily operation & productivity of the Internet department.  Manage and train Internet department personnel.  Manage department software and process.  Manage dealership websites and lead providers.  Manage CRM, ILM, telephone systems and software.  Manage department goals and metrics.       REQUIRED ABILITIES    • Communicate effectively verbally and in writing.  • Ability to manage and motivate teams.  • Strong organizational skills.  • Strong problem solving skills.  • Professional appearance and work ethic  • Great attitude with a high-energy personality  • Good time management and multi tasking ability.  • Ability to train others.  • Good computer skills     PREFFERED      • Advanced computer or IT skills  • Experience in Call Center environments.  • Strong management background  .     Compensation: We offer a generous pay plan, health, dental, life and disability insurance, 401(k), paid vacation, employee vehicle purchase program, professional working environment, job specific training and advancement opportunities. EOE    Please forward resume Or call Amien Whealton at  XXX  x36.    
800:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Quality Life Services a multi-location healthcare company, headquartered in Butler PA, is searching for a Regional Director of Operations (RDO) for our Personal Care Homes. The RDO’s key responsibilities include effectively communicating with PC Directors, provide innovative, quality and consistent care & services, and maximize profitability through revenue generation and expense control. The Regional Director of Operations needs to have a proven record of strong leadership and ability to create a positive environment to cultivate learning and growth within our Personal Care Homes. Interested candidates should possess a degree in Healthcare Management or equivalent, have 3-5 years’ experience as a PC Director, and ability to travel to all 7 locations.  Regional experience in a key leadership role is helpful.
804:associate-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Commonwealth Brands, Inc. is seeking a Electronics/Software Technician – Primary Department, for its Reidsville, North Carolina manufacturing facility.  Minimum requirements include an Associate’s Degree in Electrical Engineering Technology with a 4 year degree preferred with 5+ years’ experience with varied PLC programming and networking.  Knowledge of Twincat/Twinsafe (Bechoff) and HMI (Copadata & Wonderware) a strong plus.  Experience with electronic devices, VFD’s, switches, controllers a must.  Project management and supervision experience required.
805:supervising-job salary 2-4-years-experience-needed ms-or-phd-needed	Teacher trainer opportunity for U.S. citizens.  The English Language Fellow Program is currently accepting applications from TESOL professionals for a Fellow positions in India and worldwide. Interested applicants must apply on-line at www.example.com by February 1, 2012. Early submission is encouraged as applicants will be matched to projects beginning in February.  Qualifications:  - US Citizenship - Master’s degree with a focus on TESOL and/or Applied Linguistics - Minimum of two years professional teaching experience - Four years of teacher training experience - At least one year of international TEFL experience  Fellowship dates: - September 2012 – June 2013 - Pre-departure orientation in August 2012  Project Description: Senior Fellows serve primarily as teacher trainers and may be engaged in supervision, advising, ESP instruction, curriculum/materials development, test design, assessment, evaluation, programming, research, and outreach projects.   Benefits: Stipend: $25K Housing and living allowance  Shipping allowance  Educational materials allowance International round-trip travel Supplemental health benefit plan  Application Instructions:  For more information about the EL Fellow Program, visit our website at www.example.com.   Applications must contain the following:  -Application -Resume -Two one-page Lesson Plans/Teacher Training Modules (please provide sample lesson plans/teacher training modules that you have developed and used in your work. Each sample should be drawn from a different area of language instruction and clearly demonstrate your methodology and design) -Statement of Purpose (should explain why you are applying for an English Language Fellow position. State your interests and future professional plans; include information about your attitudes and experience. Your response must not exceed 500 words) -Applying Fellowship Experience (should describe how you will apply the insights and lessons gained from your experience as an English Language Fellow to your work in the United States. How will you share your experiences with your colleagues and friends? Your response must not exceed 500 words) -Two current Reference Letters, at least one from current or most recent supervisor - Graduate Transcript    Note about the EL Fellow Program: The English Language (EL) Fellow Program promotes English language learning around the world, and fosters mutual understanding between the people of the United States and people of other countries. The EL Fellow Program places highly qualified teachers with Master’s degrees in TEFL/TESL, Applied Linguistics, or closely related fields in all regions of the world. Through U.S. Embassy projects, Fellows gain international experience while sharing their unique perspectives and expertise abroad. The EL Fellow Program is funded by the U.S. Department of State (DOS) within the Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs, Office of English Language Programs, and is administered by the Center for Intercultural Education and Development (CIED) at Georgetown University, Washington, DC.
808:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	A Financial Services company specializing in Accounts Receivable Management is currently seeking a Senior Budget and Financial Analyst.  Responsibilities will include but are not limited to:  o Develop, analyze and execute all aspects of the budget including revenue, expenses and capital expenditures. o Examine budget estimates and proposals for completeness, accuracy, and conformance with established procedures, regulations, and organizational objectives. o Employ cost-benefit analyses to review financial requests (from purchase orders, management requests for changes to employee incentive programs, etc.), assess program tradeoffs, and explore alternative funding methods. o Report deviations between the approved budget and actual spending and recommend revised procedures. o Review current client performance evaluation, employee performance evaluation and policy analysis (i.e. KPIs, profit by client, and bonus structure). o Prepare monthly client invoices and reconciliations. o Review future pricing proposals for new clients. o Examine past budgets and research economic and financial developments that affect the organization's income and expenditures. o Recommend process efficiencies and ways to increase profits. o Maximize utilization of the general ledger software including payroll and fixed asset systems. o Lead special projects as directed by management. o Provide leadership and training to the Accounting team.  Requirements o Qualified candidates must have a minimum 4+ years in budget analysis and 2+ years of supervisory experience. o Call center industry experience preferred. o Strong oral and written communication skills.  o Outstanding organizational skill to manage issues, deadlines, and resources. o Excellent interpersonal and project management skills. o Excellent problem solving and analytical skills. o Integrity, objectivity, and confidentiality are essential. Strong attention to detail and output. o Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high pressure environment. o Proficient in Microsoft Office, Excel (pivot tables, if statements, lookups), Word and Microsoft Dynamics (Great Plains).  Kronos experience desired. o BS Accounting or related degree is required.   Pre-requisite background check is required for this position. Penncro is an equal opportunity employer.
817:supervising-job full-time-job	Welcome to Tens Street Agency:  Tens Street Agency is among the Largest Driver Placement Companies in the industry.  However, we are Uniquely different from every other firm in the industry.   First we offer our contractors the opportunity to recruit for the absolute best trucking companies in the industry. This means that you are able to offer the drivers the best of the best.  Which translates to the best money, miles and equipment.  This is what drivers care about and this is what drivers want.   So since we offer the best of the best we have demand and we need drivers and great  business owners to secure those drivers for our companies.   Additionally, we offer free training for all our new contractors as well as everything you need to finally start and run your own business from the comforts of your own home. Best of all, there is no start up cost. That is right, we charge you nothing, you pay us nothing and you have the rare opportunity to earn what you are worth with no start up cost to run your business. We have done all the work, secured the contracts with the best companies, and created a precise interview for you to copy.   All you have to do is interview drivers, determine if they qualify, write them up, and offer them a 50K plus driving position with one of our companies.  It is that simple.       So what we are looking for in Contractors?                                                                                                                                     We are filling three options. * People who have a home office set up and can work full-time running their own business.  * Another option we are looking for are skilled individuals to run their own group of recruiters.  * The third option we are looking for are firms that are already recruiting other types of professionals and looking to add truck drivers to the mix.   The home recruiting contractors we are looking for must have a complete home office set up with internet service, unlimited phone, fax service and an all in one printer.   The best part is that there is no cost to start your own business, we give you everything you need and train you at no cost to you.  Just devote your time (four days of training and you are ready to go to work) and we show you how to advertise so your phone will be ringing off the hook with drivers ready to go to work.   If it sounds too good to be true that is because IT IS HARD WORK! So if you are lazy, want to work by the hour at another dead end job that will never go anywhere, always need someone to tell you what to do or looking for a get rich scam,  THEN PLEASE DON'T WAIST MY TIME.   I'M LOOKING FOR PEOPLE WHO WANT TO WORK HARD AND MAKE 100K THIS YEAR.   The Pay: Our Avg. Recruiter earns up to $100,000.00 per year first year. We have recruiters making more and some making less, it is up to you, what you make. We pay a fee for each driver hired and our fees are among the highest paid in the industry. What sets us apart from every other recruiting firm is that we pay weekly. Most firms pay monthly or bi-monthly. No waiting for your money here. Get a driver hired.  Get paid. That simple.   Requirements:  You must have some recruiting experience, sales and marketing experience, or some type of business experience. HR Exp. is always good.  Must be able to work full-time.   Must be able to complete our training program in 4 days or less.   This opportunity is not for everybody. It is for the people who are tired of working for peanuts and want to finally have a chance at unlimited income with no restrictions. It is for people who want to run their  own business and set their own hours.  It is for people who can get the job done for themselves and our companies.  Here, you can earn what you are worth.   We charge no fees so there is no cost to you except the cost of your home office.  All advertising is free with no cost to the drivers. If you are interested, please   Send resume or letter of interest. We can get you working ASAP! 
818:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	Job Responsibilities:  * The Senior Auditor is primarily responsible for the execution of risk-based operating unit audits, focused on operational and performance compliance; this might include process efficiency and improvement, purchasing, human resources, safety and quality assurance. * The Auditor will assist in all phases of audit activities including risk and control  assessment, audit planning and field works execution.  * Conduct preliminary analysis and risk assessment of assigned operating unit or functional area Define audit objectives and scopes.  * Establish risk-based audit programs and procedures.  * Conduct field work audits and consistently document relevant facts findings that support the work performed and conclusions drawn.  * Provide input for recommendations and draft audit reports.  * Interact with the unit management and personnel throughout the audits to compile necessary information and discuss audit findings and recommendations.  * Assist in operational process improvement and cost reduction initiatives.  * Participate in special projects as directed and perform other tasks as assigned  * Supervise the Staff Auditor.    Job Qualifications:  * Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting/Auditing or related field.  * 2 – 4 years of work experience in operational auditing, preferably with a manufacturing  company or similar industry or “CPA”/consulting firm.  * Experience in data analytic and continuous auditing, as well as operational audit tools and methodologies on risk, self assessment, efficiency and process improvement analysis.  * Knowledge of LEAN concepts and impact on operations, leading practices and control  frameworks, as well as applicable laws and regulations   * Ability to manage multiple tasks and work independently  * Strong analytical, written/verbal communication, interpersonal, and relationship building skills  * Strong work ethic, initiative and teamwork, commitment to excellence and in making valuable impacts  * Proficiency in Word and Excel required  * Must be willing to travel more than 50%
819:bs-degree-needed full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	*This is a full-time W-2 position with BI Source as a Senior C# Software Developer/ Engineer.   The winning candidate will immediately start a 6-month contract position for a prestigious client in Baltimore, Maryland. * Candidates must be eligible to work for any employer in the United States, pass a 7-year background check.  The requirements for the contract position are listed below:  The statements below are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by the associate assigned to this job. This job description is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of associates so classified.   *Job Description: * The Senior Software Engineer position requires a hands-on developer who will design and implement various subsystems and defined by product requirements. This person will work with an extremely collaborative team to define and build C# based applications and a comprehensive data management platform.  *Primary Responsibilities: * ~ Work jointly with Staff Engineers and Project Engineers to implement designs and meet product requirements.  ~ Implement reviewed design of the assigned work. ~ Design, document and implement software in compliance with established company software design methodologies and configuration control practices and programming standards ~ Insure testing of developed software per the V & V plan and document the results as required. Integrate tested software into the final software configuration, and support testing of the final configuration. ~ Provide training as required to the members of the project team, including examples and advise on proper design, implementation, and test techniques to be used. ~ Perform system level test, and validation of the software product. Provide direct technical assistance and guidance to those assigned to the team.  *Skills/ Education Required:* ~ Thorough working knowledge and experience with software development tools in developing modular programs. ~ Demonstrated skills in Microsoft .NET development tools. ~ In-depth experience with C#, .NET Framework ~ WPF, MultiThreading and MVVM are also a Plus. ~ Demonstrated skills in leading the development for small projects. ~ Experience with, SQL and stored procs, familiarity with SQL Server ~ BS in Computer Science or an engineering discipline with five or more years programming experience. ~ Minimum of 5 years experience in Software Development.  ~ Minimum of five (5) years of experience with Microsoft Development tools. 
825:supervising-job salary	Join a Team of Lifelong Learners and Truly Make a Difference  NetCom Learning is an innovative leader in IT, business and executive training to companies, individuals, and government agencies. Since its inception in 1998, NetCom Learning has trained over 80 percent of the Fortune 100, serviced over 45,500 business customers, and advanced the skills of more than 71,000 professionals through hands-on, expert-led training, with the organization maintaining an average instructor evaluation score of 8.6 out of 9. NetCom Learning was recognized by Microsoft as its Worldwide Training Partner of the Year and named thrice to Inc. Magazine's list of fastest growing private companies in America. The organization was also recently named to the 2012 Top 20 IT Training Companies by TrainingIndustry.com and was named \"Company of the Year\" by the American Business Awards. The purpose of NetCom Learning is to promote the values of lifelong learning.  Here at NetCom Learning, we consistently promote the values of lifelong learning. This passion permeates all our endeavors, especially our Love of Learning program: for every class enrollment, we fully fund the year-long education of a child in an underprivileged nation. Thus, we look for people with the same drive and values to join our \"Learning Movement.\" You would be joining a motivated team that is truly making a difference--and your success in sales would be directly tied to the educational success of others.  Please send your cover letter and resume to example@example.com with the specific job position of Corporate Account Manager / Learning Consultant (NY and NJ team) in the email subject. *Responsibilities* Position Description The Corporate Account Manager is responsible for all sales activities, from lead generation through close in an assigned territory. He/She is responsible for personally contacting and securing new business accounts/customers and expand customer base through account penetration, lead generation, and customer retention in that territory.  Position Duties: • Establish, develop and maintain business relationships with current customers and prospective customers in the assigned territory/market segment. • Reach a minimum goal of telephone calls and sales numbers to existing and prospective customers. • Manage NetCom Learning's award-winning CRM, leveraging its ability to fully keep track of all customer interactions and needs. • Discover opportunities and work with marketing, sales management, logistics and technical service groups to generate business • Keep abreast of product applications, technical services, market conditions, competitive activities, advertising and promotional trends through company provided training  Qualifications: • Belief in the values of lifelong learning and desire to make an impact in the world. • Excellent communication skills, written and oral. • Hard working with high level of energy and self-motivation.  Desired but not required: • 5+ years of sales experience • Degree in Marketing or Communications • Familiarity with any CRM • Experience with IT sales of some sort: hardware, software, services, consulting, etc. (preferred)  Salary: Opportunity to Earn $+100k, Uncapped Commissions  To apply: • Please send your cover letter and resume to jobs at netcomlearning.com with the specific job position of Corporate Account Manager / Learning Consultant (NY and NJ team) in the email subject.
835:2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	POSITION DESCRIPTION - Director of Community Relations – Kenosha N and S  SCOPE OF WORK  The DCR is responsible for representing Azura Memory Care in the community through strategic planned networking, marketing by presentations and attending various approved committees.  This person will assist with Azura Memory Care culture training to Azura employees and community through in-services, 1:1 meetings and orientation.  RESPONSIBILITIES:  Occupancy of the residence along with Executive Director  Responsible for maintaining standards and complying with State regulations and licensing.  Responsible for reports as requested.  Responsible for understanding state regulations and compliance issues.  Attends leadership meetings, daily huddle calls and Azura Memory Care trainings.  Marketing  Serves as spokesperson for Azura Memory Care within the community.  Promotes and supports the image of Azura Memory Care.  Promotes residence in the community through a planned and approved active referral network.  Creates, plans and conducts events to showcase the residence and its program.  Maintains high inquiry to tour conversions  Provides tours, information and assistance to families, community members and professionals as needed.  Trains staff phone etiquette, conducting tours and general public relations and communications.  Attends meetings of organizations and conferences to promote continuity of services to the elderly as requested.  REPORTING RELATIONSHIPS  Reports to the Corporate Marketing Director  Works in collaboration with Sr Executive Director and or Executive Director.  KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES REQUIRED  Bachelor’s degree in Health Care, marketing, communications or related field preferred or a minimum of 3 years of related work experience in assisted living or long-term care.  Demonstrates a understanding of older adults and the issues, diseases and needs related to aging.  Understanding of the principles of assisted living.  Demonstrated management skills.  One year experience in management preferred.  Demonstrated written and oral communication skills.  Computer skills including word processing  Valid driver’s license and reliable transportation  Ability to lift 30 lbs.  CLEARANCES AND REQUIREMENTS  Valid driver’s license and driver’s record in good standing.  Access to his/her personal vehicle for travel to events and meetings on a daily basis.  Successful health screening.  Successful criminal background check. 
837:salary supervising-job	AALL Insurance is a growing organization with over 20 locations Valley Wide. We are currently seeking an experienced Senior Project Manager.   Responsibilities:  •Accomplishes human resource objectives by recruiting, selecting, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees; communicating job expectations; planning, monitoring, appraising, and reviewing job contributions; planning and reviewing compensation actions; enforcing policies and procedures.  •Achieves operational objectives by contributing information and recommendations to strategic plans and reviews; preparing and completing action plans; implementing production, productivity, quality, and customer-service standards; resolving problems; completing audits; identifying trends; determining system improvements; implementing change.  •Meets financial objectives by forecasting requirements; preparing budgets; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions.  •Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations.  •Enhances department and organization reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments.  Skills/Qualifications: Bilingual (English/Spanish), Developing Budgets, Coaching, Supervision, Staffing, Project Management, Management Proficiency, Process Improvement, Tracking Budget Expenses, Self-Development, Planning, Performance Management  Benefits: - Paid training provided - Health benefits available - PTO and Vacation - Competitive Salary  - Direct Deposit    If Integrity, Passion, Unity, and Growth are important to you, then apply!
852:full-time-job supervising-job	Enaxis Consulting, LP is a dynamic and rapidly growing management consulting and technology advisory services firm.  With our headquarters in Houston, TX, we service to Fortune 100 and 500 client companies specializing in management consulting, outsourcing advisory services, and business technology consulting. We are committed to solving complex business issues through combining our in-depth business experience, technology and industry expertise.   We had our best year ever in 2011 in 10 years of doing business, and we will do even better in 2012!  We are looking for a leader that is motivated to help us reach that goal.       We are seeking an experienced Project Manager / Controller working with an established client in San Ramon.  This is a full time, W2 contract position.     Person to work closely with the Project Manager to build a schedule for a project spanning 2 years Skill set: • Proficient in MS Project 2010 • Able to take tasks and build a schedule based on resource availability and task dependencies • Able to resolve over resource allocation issues • Can reproduce reports showing tasks slipping, coming due, etc • Proactively gather updates from project team on status of tasks • Able to produce reports for management showing the schedule status • Utilizes best practices when creating a schedule (give examples in interview)  Please note: Local candidates only  Visit our website at www.example.com.   
857:supervising-job salary 1-year-experience-needed	Join a dynamic organization with a reputation for rewarding outstanding performance.     As a new manager to we offer an extensive training program tailored to your needs. To continue your success we offer a development program and a variety of workshops.   Competitive salary, commensurate with experience. Comprehensive compensation package with Medical, Dental, Paid Vacation, Bonus Plan, and 401(k) retirement plan.    Job Requirements:   SUMMARY OF POSITION:   The Restaurant Manager is responsible for the complete operations of the restaurant, providing excellent guest service, developing teams, and meeting operational goals.     JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:   *Enforcement of brand standards   *Supervises 25-40 employees   *Ensures excellent customer Service   *Training and developing staff & team building   *Overseeing sales & marketing of the restaurant   *Managing cost controls   *Enforcement of food safety & health standards     REQUIREMENTS:   *Minimum of 1 year of management experience   *Restaurant experience preferred   *High school graduate or equivalent, advanced education preferred   *Reliable transportation   *Legally eligible to work in the U.S.   *Available to work any shifts, including night shifts as needed   *Basic computer knowledge   *Ability to work well with others & enforce company policies   *Good organizational & leadership skills   *Good communication skills & flexibility    Experience will a cafe/diner or concepts like Denny's etc is a plus.    Please email your resume to and please include a cover letter indicating what position you are applying for.    
865:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	We're Hiring another  Field Intervention Nurse in Bakersfield Area:   Travel to client’s home or Board and Care facility to provide ongoing care for clients with mental illnesses.  Develop nursing care plans for assigned clients with mental illnesses to ensure medically-necessary treatment is provided in a quality, cost-effective manner. Maintain patient stability by providing assistance with housing, benefits, crisis, medications, management of symptoms, and scheduling of medical and psychiatric appointments as needed.  Perform nursing duties within the LVN scope of license and under physician’s orders.  Teach clients health education utilizing provided curriculum to individuals or small groups.  Complete paperwork (nurse progress notes, charge tickets, and case management notes in electronic system using iPad in the field.    Requires:    • BA or AA in social science or related field preferred ; Current unrestricted California license as a LVN, a must.     Responsible for timely and accurate completion of client notes, charts, reports, and other documentation related to the treatment and progress of clients in the program    Must possess and maintain a valid California Drivers license and a driving record   • 3+ years of previous psychiatric and chemical dependency treatment Prior case management experience in Managed Care environment or with Medi-Cal Managed Care Preferred.  • Bilingual (Spanish / English), bicultural capabilities a plus.    Please apply via email  or via fax at  XXX 
866:salary supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed licence-needed	Food Service Director  We are looking for self motivated leaders in the Philadelphia Area to join our team. Lintons Managed Services is a Dynamic  Food Service Company  with opportunites in Healthcare, Educational, Production and Juvenile Justice Facilities. These positions require a leader who can motivate, direct and lead a staff of associates to success.You must have excellent communication skills for both internal and external customers. Must have high sanitation standards and practices, HACCP experience, and a passion for quality food  The Food Service Director prepares budgets and controls expenses. Candidate will be responsible for the operations, staffing, profitability and development of the of the unit. As a Food Service Director you will provide overall planning, direction and control to in order to achieve both operational and financial goals. .The Food Service Director provides guidance, development and motivation to unit staff.    Qualifications:   Experience in managing a food service operation. Must posess Strategic/Critical thinking skills to collaborate on dining services operations. Demonstrated ability to provide leadership strength to an hourly staff. Provide direction for selection, training , development and supervision. Fiscal management experience including managing budgets within company and client targets. Strong interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills. Ability to communicate effectively. Liaison between company resources and client. Proficiency in all Microsoft Office applications is required. Bachelors degree in nutrition, dietetics, hospitality, business or other related field preferred    Key Responsibilities include the following:   Plan, direct and coordinate the activities of production employees in order to prepare and deliver finished food product to clients.  Responsible for receiving and managing food production activities of hourly employees  Directly supervise employees with responsibility for training  Ensures appropriate sanitation standards and requirements are met .  Responsible for insuring procedural compliance in support of workplace safety.  Inventory control  Ensure HAACP Compliance  Responsible for all aspects of Employee training  Responsible for insuring compliance with standards, procedures and specifications    Requirements : Completion of ServSafe and required local health department certification is necessary. Must demonstrate a thorough knowledge of food service with minimum 5 years experience.  Minimum 5 years management experience.  Food Service Degree preferred.  Prior experience in a high volume operation.  Effective oral and written skills. Ability to communicate effectively with administration, employees, and nutrition services staff.  Proficiency in the operation of a personal computer in a Windows environment to include the Microsoft Office Suite and Outlook.   Benefits Package  Competitive Salary  Health/ Dental/ Life Insurance  401K with Company Match  Flexible Spending Account  Paid Time Off  Tuition Reimbursement Program  Email Resume with salary requirements
868:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	*Lintons Managed Services*, a Top 50 Contract Food Service Company has a great opportunity for a Production Manager at the Allegeny Valley School in Coraopolis   Ideal candidate will have a working knowledge of all aspects of a high volume food service operation. Must have the ability to multi-task and must be detail and systems oriented.  Must have a thorough knowledge of food service ordering systems, food cost control, storage and production systems. Must be able to delegate effectively to supervisors and hourly staff.    *Key Responsibilities include the following:*   Plan, direct and coordinate the activities of Cooks and food service employees in order to prepare and deliver finished food product to clients.  Responsible for receiving and managing food production activities of hourly employees  Directly supervise up to twenty (20) employees with responsibility for training  Ensures appropriate sanitation standards and requirements are met . Responsible for insuring procedural compliance in support of workplace safety. Inventory control  Ensure HAACP Compliance  Responsible for all aspects of Employee training  Responsible for insuring compliance with standards, procedures and specifications     *Requirements :*  Completion of ServSafe and required local health department certification is necessary.  Must demonstrate a thorough knowledge of food service with minimum 5 years experience.  Food Service or Culinary Degree preferred Prior experience in a health care facility or operation.  Effective oral and written skills. Ability to communicate effectively with administration, employees, and nutrition services staff.  Proficiency in the operation of a personal computer     *Comprehensive Benefits Package including:* Medical and Dental Insurance 401K with Company Match Paid Time Off Tuitiion Reimbursement Flexible Spending Account  _Email resume with salary requirements for consideration_
874:bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job salary	Retention Manger    Join Our Family, Build Your Career!    Are you looking to be part of a company that is a proven leader in its industry? Do you want to work with the best and brightest where your creativity and ideas are valued? Do you want to feel supported and to know you will be set up for success? Come join our team where you will work with an amazing group of people!    Summit Marketing Associates is a multi-million dollar company located in Lacey and we are that quickly growing! The continued growth and stability of our company has generated a new opportunity for a Retention Manager.  We are looking for a self-motivated, efficient person to join our Team!  The ideal candidate will be a team player and demonstrate the ability to take initiative to get the job done!    The Retention Manger is responsible for identifying, planning, designing and implementing opportunities for improvement in Customer Loyalty.    JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Provide program and project management oversight over reduction initiatives. Ensures that planned initiatives are being launched on time and on strategy by tracking progress against milestones, proactively and reactively identifying and removing risks and barriers, and constantly challenging team about their ability to successfully deliver results.  • Identify potential risks, establishes communications and mitigations to address them. Communicates risks in clear business terms and technical terms and provides clear messaging and solution options at a senior leadership and executive level. Understands what is important to different stakeholders in the business and ensures that their interests are protected as well as the overall program objective throughout project planning and execution.  • Responsible for building business case and requirements for implementation.   • Assist in planning, designing and implementing opportunities for improvement in loyalty initiatives.  • Must be able to foster a positive and productive work environment, with ability to lead, build teams, and motivate staff.  • Track production of team in relation to retention strategies.  • Manage high sales call volume and presentation activity  • Proactively contact customers who are identified as at risk of cancellation and ensure that every opportunity to retain these customers is investigated.    Qualifications  JOB REQUIREMENTS:  • 5 years of management experience over a team of 15 people  • 5 years of experience in customer retention or relationship management  • Must be proficient and have experience using MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint)   • Excellent written and verbal communication skills; effectively communicates with all employee levels and levels of management.  • Proven experience with identifying & resolving project impacting issues, works with members of the team and business executives to develop and implement viable solutions.  • Demonstrated business case skills     EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS:   Bachelors, MBA or advanced degree preferred in Business.    BENEFITS:  • Competitive salary   • Medical, dental vision plans paid 75% by the Company  • Company gym located in our building   • Anniversary rewards  • Diverse atmosphere  • Monthly employee events    If you are a results oriented Retention Manager who would enjoy working for a company that provides a dynamic, family-oriented environment, this is the perfect opportunity for you! There aren't many other companies out there like us, so don't miss out, apply today!    TO APPLY:  Please send your resume, detailed cover letter, and salary requirements with \"Retention Manager\" in the subject line.    Accepted applicants must pass a criminal background check and drug test prior to hire.     Summit Marketing Associates is an equal employment opportunity employer.      
877:supervising-job	Currently, Menlo Park Funding, is searching for experienced Retail Branch Managers in the following markets; NJ, PA, NY, CT, MD, DE and nearby surrounding areas.  The preferred candidate is currently working in a banker or broker capacity and has a proven track record of successfully managing a staff of licensed Mortgage Loan Originators.    Menlo Park Funding has a highly competitive compensation and benefits package including:  • Medical, dental, prescription drug plan and vision coverage.  • Company matched 401k    *Company Description*  Menlo Park Funding (MPF) is an employee-centric, sales- focused entrepreneurial enterprise.  Our retail branches offer a complete line of mortgage products with a strong emphasis on government lending.  We are the FHA experts; Nobody does it better.    MPF is a Real Estate Mortgage Network, Inc. (REMN) company.    As a result of this relationship we are consistently ranked in the top ten of wholesale FHA lenders in the country.  We are a Ginnie Mae seller servicer with multiple resources, highly competitive compensation packages, excellent pricing and a wide range of products.   At Menlo Park Funding we have one goal and one passion:  Customer Service.   Our reputation for unparallel customer service along with same day underwriting turn times for new file submissions makes us the BEST Certified Branch Opportunity around.       *To inquire about a possible position with the MPF/REMN team, please attach your resume and copy-paste cover letter in the \"message\" field.*  
888:supervising-job	*You? You are an awesome Sr. Software Engineer who:*        * Is not afraid of working on extraordinarily high volume, high through-put systems and software      * Can architect our platform with elegant resolutions that are simultaneously forward-thinking and cost-effective      * Loves coming up with solutions that are better than their managers      * Has no qualms about inventing new technical approaches that directly impact revenue in a positive fashion      * Focuses on building highly available and scalable systems, while understanding the vital need for reliability      * Wants to manage, or grow into managing, a team    *And us? We are. . . an awesome Boston-based early-stage company in the ad tech space. Our company:*        * Interfaces with ridiculously large Advertisers that are household names      * Has built the most efficient and measurable advertising platform      * Works hard and play hard. Second has no place on our team      * Pays well, treats well, and wants employees to own their successes through equity      * Works out of an office which is cozier than most homes. We also drink too much coffee    *Most importantly, we want _YOU_ !*    *The Fine Print:*    *Key responsibilities include:*        * Drive the architecture and development of the front end web application      * Interface with supply partners for integrations      * Interface with supply partners to develop custom integration solutions      * Manage QA process for supply integrations      * Maintain and enhance customer reporting and analytics interface      * Maintain and enhance internal admin portal      * Develop custom scripts to streamline manual processes    *Required Knowledge:*        * Iterative design and development processes      * Rock star expert in PHP and OO programming      * Bash      * MySql Databases      * JavaScript      * Memcache or equivalent    *A Big Plus:*        * Project planning and management      * Amazon EC2 or equivalent services      * Ajax & HTML5      * Source control platforms and processes      * Load testing      * CDN integration      * Monitoring tools      * Dynamically scalable infrastructures  
900:supervising-job	Responsible for:  Writing customized reports, monitoring sales and opportunities, analyzing data, promoting company affairs, and monitoring productivity of service. Implement inventory management, departmental performance indicators, formulate productivity drivers, track overtime and nonproductive hours.     Education:   Bachelors degree preferred (Business or Management Information Systems). Must have a high school diploma.     Qualifications:   *SASprogramming and software knowledge (strongly preferred).   *Database querying/SQL knowledge (strongly preferred).   *Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint (strongly preferred).   *Strong oral and written communication skills (strongly preferred).     
904:supervising-job bs-degree-needed	BestCare Home Care is seeking a Medicaid Facilitator for the Woodbridge Office.  The Medicaid Facilitator is responsible to manage the care of client's receiving consumer-directed Medicaid Waiver services including client assessments, development of  individual plans of care, maintaining a schedule for conducting supervisory visits compliant with Medicaid Waiver regulations, and follow up of client concerns.  The facilitator must be available by telephone to clients and agency staff during business  hours. The candidate must have strong knowledge of the Virginia Medicaid Waiver program.  Extensive knowledge, training and experience in caring for MR/DD clients and those with severe disabilities and the elderly.  Detailed oriented and able to meet critical deadlines.  Will consider full time and part time status for this position.    Job Qualifications:   Undergraduate Degree in Human Services Area  Must have reliable transportation
913:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	Hooper Holmes is the leading provider of risk assessment services for the insurance industry. Our vision is to be the leader in collecting personal health data and transforming it into information enabling our customers to take actions that manage or reduce their risks and expenses. Since our founding in 1899 as The National Insurance Information Bureau we have been a business partner of the world’s leading insurance companies. We provide insurers with the widest range of medical exam, data collection, laboratory testing and underwriting services in the industry.   We currently have an opening for a Field Sales Representative in Detroit.    The qualified candidate will effectively maintain current client accounts and gain new business  ensuring profitable contributions.  The qualified candidate will also work with current clients and develop new prospects.  Clients and prospects include life and health insurance agents and financial advisors.      Essential Job Duties:    * Set goals and develop strategies, to meet or exceed goals, as they relate to the region      quota of calls required to current or prospective clients   *  Use all available sources to develop leads for new agents in assigned territories   *  Develop additional sales leads through contacts, existing sources, cold calling and other       self-generated initiatives   *  Contact leads by phone to pre-qualify   *  Develop and implement plans to maintain and expand clients   *  Track activity and results and communicate same to Supervisor/Manager   *  Enter all customer data details into customer relationship management system   *  Develop and utilize presentations with new and existing customers   *  Maintain effective working relationship with clients and co-workers   *  Attend meetings as required by supervisor to review activities and discuss goals.    *  Review budgetary goals and work with supervisor to develop strategies   *  Additional duties may include but are not limited to: training of new  sales      representatives, troubleshooting problems with agents or examiners as they relate to      client support   * Carry out any other duties as described by the immediate supervisor.     This job description is intended only to describe the general nature and level of work performed. It is not intended nor should it be interpreted as an exhaustive list of all duties, skills, and responsibilities.      Requirements   *  Bachelor’s degree preferred or equivalent experience   *  1 – 2 years related work experience   *  Must be able to work with minimum supervision   *  Self motivated, goal oriented, self-starter with ability to conduct daily activities with          minimal supervision   *  Ability to think creatively and analytically with a high level of independent initiative required   *  Ability and willingness to adapt quickly to change and to relay these changes effectively   *  Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with clients, supervisor         and co-workers   *  Excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills   *  Ability to compose and edit correspondence and/or presentations   *  Good organizational and time management skills   *  Proficient with Microsoft software applications   *  Ability and willingness to travel via air and ground   *  Valid driver's license required     Hooper Holmes is an Equal Opportunity Employer      
917:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Curwood, known around the globe for technological leadership in high-barrier packaging, and is a preferred supplier of advanced packaging materials and systems for the food, beverage, household, industrial and personal care industries has an opening for a Technical Manager at its Boscobel, WI location.     The Technical Manager develops, directs and coordinates multiple major projects for Curwood – Boscobel Facility and provides technical assistance to Boscobel Manufacturing in the form of process improvement, cost reduction, safety enhancement and troubleshooting. This position supervises 2 Technical Partners (Extrusion and Solventless Lamination). Projects assigned to this position are of considerable variety and complexity and accomplished with minimal guidance from management. The Technical Manager will use effective communication within and outside the department and plant. This position has ultimate responsibility for meeting customer quality expectations.    Specific responsibilties include:    1.  Coaches, mentors, trains and directs resources assigned in the key areas required for safe effective performance including, but not limited to the following:             A. Project Management skills, in particular the process used to implement projects within the Curwood – Boscobel Facility and external partners            B. Effective team skills            C. Excellent communication skills            D. Accurate scope definition, project cost estimates and schedule generation and management            E. Safe, technically-sound and functional project execution           F. Timely Project Closeout and Post Mortem review  2.  Performs and/or participates in all elements of supervision over two employees – performance reviews, hiring, salary administration, training, recognition, discipline, etc.  3.  Develops and communicates project schedule with limited guidance from others.  4.  Contributes to bids on new business.  5.  Identifies, develops and implements plans for quality improvement, cost reduction, waste reduction, increased throughput and general operational improvement through the use of Lean Six Sigma Statistical Methods.    6.  Interfaces with people, departments, customers, and supplies to insure product is made to specification.    7.  Supervises material combination Developmental Runs and Commercialization qualification trial runs.  8.  Performs root cause analysis and corrective actions for customer complaints as assigned.    9.  Serves as FSC 22000 Management Representative for the facility.  Acquires knowledge of procedures, work instructions and associated forms as required by Key Area Leaders. Lead the plant’s continued certification to this Standard.  10.  Establish systems which define and align customer requirements with manufacturing process capability and vendor process capability.  11.  Facilitate identification and implementation of appropriate process measurements and controls in manufacturing and quality assurance, which will consistently deliver conforming product to our customers.  12.  Manage material qualifications, which deliver lower cost and/or improved performance for both Curwood and our customers.  13.  Improve machine center process capability and ensure consistent process outputs through use of statistical or other methods, or through machine and/or control system improvement projects.  14.  Manage or assist with customer visits, audits, and surveys.    Qualified candidates should possess:    •A four year degree in Engineering Field or Chemistry  •Two to four years of supervisory experience  •Seven to ten years of experience in a manufacturing environment  •Advanced degree and five to seven years of related industry experience preferred  •Certified Quality System Auditor training preferred      A competitive wage and benefit package is available.  Interested candidates should send a cover letter and resume to the attention of Katie Sipiora at KMSipiora.dot.com    Curwood is part of Bemis Company, Inc., the largest flexible packaging company in the Americas and a major manufacturer of pressure sensitive materials used for labels, decoration and signage.  
919:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Spire Consulting Group, LLC is an established, multi-disciplined construction management and engineering consulting firm serving owners, general contractors, attorneys, financial institutions and sureties. Spire is currently seeking experienced cost estimating professionals to assist with a variety of construction consulting projects.   Responsibilities may include but are not limited to the following:  • Management of multiple simultaneous cost estimating efforts • Generation and evaluation of construction cost estimates • Construction cost estimate review and validation • Cost related construction defect analysis • Lender acquisition and due diligence evaluations • Claims analysis and preparation • Risk evaluation and recommendations • Development and review of  technical reports  Qualified candidates will:  • Have at least 10 years of cost estimating experience • Excel at developing and maintaining client relationships  • Hold a bachelor’s degree (post-graduate a plus but not required) in engineering, construction or related discipline • Have a diverse industry background to include industrial, healthcare, transportation, education, residential and commercial • Have a proven track record for managing multiple projects consisting of diverse team members to successful completion • Have a firm grasp on standard cost estimating approaches, methodology and techniques • Be proficient with standard industry cost estimating tools and resources such as Timberline, RS Means, Microsoft Excel, etc.  • Hold or be interested in acquiring professional certifications (PE, CCE, CCP, etc.) within areas of expertise • Be open to travel on an as needed basis  Benefits: Spire offers competitive compensation packages and an exciting environment which facilitates the acquisition of construction, engineering and legal experience at an accelerated pace.
920:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job ms-or-phd-needed	We are seeking an exceptionally bright, multitasking and self-motivated individual to support the daily activities of our President. This role requires superior attention to detail, the ability to meet tight deadlines, great organizational skills, and the ability to juggle multiple critical requests. A high level of integrity and discretion in handling confidential information is requireed. The successful candidate will possess the ability to complete complex tasks and projects quickly with little to no guidance and  react with appropriate urgency to situations that require a quick turnaround.    Responsibilities     Responsible for the review of internal control, budgeting, forecasting, cost analysis and business practices and processes to ensure operational integrity.    Reviews monthly and year-end financial statements/documents for approval.  Monitors progress of Operations against deliverables, timelines, and budgets      Coordinate financial information with accounting, tax, legal and other departments including identification, research and resolution of discrepancies in financial reports.    Performs research and analysis on specific issues, as required, and independently prepares non-routine letters and/or reports, which may be highly sensitive and confidential in nature    Provide added value and gain an extended knowledge and deep understanding of the business    Work closely with branch accounting managers and their staffs, not only to self educate on finance and accounting procedures but also to explore how the finance function can support program operations    Analyzes business performance, make recommendations for improvements and measures progress.      Provide secretarial assistance such as: preparing correspondence; typing complex documents; creating reports and presentations; proof-reading; ensuring completed material is produced in a timely manner.     Filter general information, queries, phone calls and invitations to the President by redirecting or taking forward such contact as appropriate.     Distribute all departmental information, forms and advices. Develops and maintains an efficient filing system to ensure reports, correspondence and financial documentation are maintained and readily available.     Assess importance of issues and, in the absence of the President, assesses where the issues can best be dealt.    Coordinate responses as required for President. Accountable for disseminating information to facilitate timely and effective communication to any required action.     Coordinate offsite material process ensuring that archiving and records are completed regularly and accurately           Required Skills:   Familiarity with assets, liabilities, shareholder equity and how these relate to the bottom line  MBA degree or equivalent experience preferred.   Bilingual (trilingual a plus)  Minimum 8-10 years or equivalent work-related experience supporting C-level Executives  Advanced verbal and written communication skills and ability to professionally represent the Presidents office.  Advance accounting knowledge  Requires minimum 3-5 years experience in an administrative/professional support function in a fast paced environment, dealing with moderately complex issues and managing conflicting priorities.   Broad business knowledge and expert understanding of the organizational unit, its functions and customer groups   Detailed oriented, extremely well organized, and able to manage time and expectations, and multi-task to accomplish a multitude of tasks, with conflicting priorities and timelines.   Ability to deal with clients in a professional and courteous manner, and to develop and leverage professional working relationships   Ability to deal with highly confidential and sensitive materials in an appropriate manner.   Ability to organize moderate amounts of business information and develop it into cohesive, professional reports and presentations, with little guidance and ability to recognize and respond to business related issues within the scope of the material   Advanced level PC skills (MS Office: Excel, Word, PowerPoint).   Very proficient at secretarial and administrative tasks   Excellent interpersonal skills   Proactive/able to work independently   Willingness to take on responsibility   Problem solving capability
921:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	If you are a Store Manager looking for a change, Sears Portrait Studio could be the place for you! We are currently seeking enthusiastic, creative, fun managers to run our studio. It's our job to capture memories. If you can picture yourself making people smile, apply now! As a Store Manager, you'll essentially run a small business, with the clout of a national brand behind you. We are looking for retail managers who have a passion for motivating and developing people, the drive to be the best at what they do, and the determination to succeed.    What Will You Do?        * Lead and manage the portrait studio by ensuring a positive and compelling experience for our Customers and Associates.      * Meet and exceed sales goals.      * Strengthen and build the studio's customer base.      * Ensure a satisfying process and product for customers.      * Attract, recruit and hire studio associates who are superior to those of our competitors.      * Train and develop Studio Associates into an effective, supportive team.     What's In It For You?    We offer competitive compensation packages, including bonus based on your contribution, medical and dental benefits, 401(K), paid vacation, and so much more. Our employees experience a quality of work life that is rare in typical retail. There are no late night inventories or floor moves!    Who are we?    Sears Portrait Studio is one of America's largest and most respected professional Portrait Studio with over 60 years of portrait photography expertise with locations in the US, Puerto Rico and Canada. We have a single focus - creating lifetime memories. Help us capture these moments while capturing a fun and exciting career along the way!    What are we looking for in a Manager candidate?        * A minimum of 2-3 years experience in sales management and customer service with a proven ability to drive sales.      * Ability to multi-task, focusing priorities quickly on the demands of the business while upholding uncompromising brand standards.      * Excellent verbal and organization skills.      * Interest in photography (experience a plus but not required).    *In order to be considered, applicants MUST apply here:* www.example.com
927:salary supervising-job ms-or-phd-needed 1-year-experience-needed	Clinical Supervisor Position : Intensive in home model seeking supervisor for team that serves people with Autism or related spectrum disorders.  Must be registered and accepted for LCSW or LPC supervision toward Licensure.  Must have Master's Degree in Social Work, Counseling and/or related field. Experience with Autism preferred but not necessary . Experience with Applied Behavioral Analysis preferred.  Must have at least one year working with children who have autism, PDD or sensory processing and have written, implemented and revised individualized service plans.  Competitive Salary and Excellent benefit package provided.
930:supervising-job full-time-job 1-year-experience-needed	 *Company Description* Micro- Coax is a world leader in the development and manufacture of high frequency semi-rigid and flexible coaxial cables. We develop and manufacture right on site. Our products are used in aerospace, military, telecommunications, and test and measurement applications.  Micro-Coax offers its associates the ability to work hands-on with a highly specialized product. We offer competitive starting salaries with a comprehensive benefit program, a flexible work schedule, great co-workers, and a GREAT place to work.  *Position Description* This position will encompass all the administrative responsibilities that support the lobby in conjunction with the Level One Sales Support Coordinator responsibilities.  This associate will need to regularly demonstrate a positive outlook, professional demeanor, solid communication and organizational skills in order to be successful in this position.  Lobby coverage is required during the office hours of:  7:30 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. Monday – Thursday and 7:30 a.m. to 12:00 noon on Friday.      - Support and coordinate all visitor activity.     - Establish and maintain procedures to support visitor activity.     - Inbound and outbound mail: sort, distribute, pick-up/ drop-off.     - Field sales calls for Sales Operations and Organization.     - Ability to prioritize work flow to support the business.     - Maintain the lobby environment.     - Perform accurate and complete order entry in BaaN.     - Produce Contract Review Router and Order Acknowledgements.     - Identify order discrepancies and alert Account Representative of findings.     - Work directly with internal and external customers through email, phone and fax.     - Provide tracking information to customers upon request.     - Provide ongoing support to Account Representatives and Sales Support personnel.     - Ability to take/ accept direction from Account Representatives, peers and leadership team members.     - Support and coordinate all visitor activity.  Excellent interpersonal relationship skills in the plant and in field are essential for success in this job.  It requires the ability to effectively communicate with all MC departments.  It is essential that all MC customers and employees view the Sales/ Office Assistant as friendly, courteous, ethical and interested in providing efficient customer service at all levels.  *Position Requirements* Musts:      High School Diploma, GED or equivalent     0 – 4 years experience in an office environment.     1 – 2 years experience in a customer service related positions; multiple phone line support; demonstrated customer service skills.     Previous exposure to an administrative position.     Strong organizational skills.     Experience with Microsoft Office tools.  Wants:      2 – 4 years experience of Customer Service related background.     4 – 6 years experience in an office environment.     Sales Support related background.     Ability to multi-task.     Multi-line support (switchboard experience)   *Additional Info*  All qualified candidates must be a US Citizen or Permanent Resident and be able to successfully complete a post-offer/pre-employment physical and drug screen.  We look forward to receiving your resume!  Please note that due to the volume of resumes received will will only be in direct contact with those candidate who selected for further consideration for the position.  www.example.com  All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.  EEO  M/F/D/V 
931:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job ms-or-phd-needed	Haven Behavioral Healthcare, Inc. is a rapidly growing hospital in a hospital (HIH) company headquartered in Nashville, TN. We focus on the provision of behavioral healthcare to geriatric patients in our 30-50 bed HIH's.   Haven is seeking an experienced Assessment & Referral Director for our new 36 bed psychiatric hospital opening soon in Indianapolis, IN.     The Assessment  & Referral Director ensures prompt response to patient and referral needs, provides clinical assessments, assures appropriateness of admission and promotes patient care consistent with the philosophy and objectives of Haven Behavioral Hospital    Serves as the leader of the Assessment and Referral staff and ensure that requests for evaluation are responded to in a timely manner wth a thorough evaluaton and appropriate disposition.      Registered Nurse with three 3-5 years nursing experience in an acute inpatient psychiatric setting or the Master's degree in a behavioral health field with 2-3 years prior admission/assessment experence.  Other combinations of education and experience will be considered.     Haven Behavioral Healthcare offers competitive compensation and excellent benefits package including:    •Medical   •Dental   •Vision   •Life and Long Term Disability   •401 (K) Plan   •Medical and dependent Flexible Spending Accounts   •Paid Vacation and Extended Illness Leave    For consideration, please submit résumé to Indeed.    An Equal Opportunity Employer
940:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	*JOB SUMMARY:*    Responsible for administering human resources policies in the   plant including the recruitment of personnel, training,                       compensation, benefits, and other activities needed to carry out the          company's human resources objectives and programs.                                                                                                          *REPORTS TO:*   Vice President of Human Resources and dotted line to the          Plant Manager.                                                                                                                                              *SPECIFIC DUTIES:*                                                              -Supervises division employment and placement operations.                     -Administers employee welfare plans such as life insurance, health             care plan, and sickness and accident benefits programs.                      -Directs and coordinates the company's safety program.                        -Represents the division in worker's compensation and unemployment insurance   matters.                                                                     -Administers wage and salary policies.  This includes complying with          governmental wage and hour regulations, participating in job evaluation        and work measurement projects, and conducting local wage and salary surveys.  -Conducts training programs and orientation sessions for new employees.        -Represents company in maintaining union-free status.                          -Directs the development and administration of programs for employee            communications and for promotion of community relations.                      -Directs division cafeteria and food service operations.                       -Administers employee relations activities.                                    -Performs other duties as assigned.                                                                                                                           *REQUIREMENTS:*                                                                  -B.S. Degree   -A minimum of two to three years HR generalist experience preferred            -Good written and oral skills                                                  -Strong PC skills (Microsoft Office)                                           -High level of professionalism and confidentiality                             
944:supervising-job	Basler Electric, located in Highland, IL has an immediate opportunity for a Production Supervisor.   It is preferred that candidates have previous experience managing manufacturing personnel.    To learn more about Basler, please review our website at www.example.com.
969:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Reporting to the Managing Director, the Controller will be responsible for oversight of all finance, accounting, and reporting activities. The Controller will work closely with the senior management team and take part in supporting presentations to the board of directors and the finance committee. The Controller will have a strategic role partnering with the nonprofit’s leadership in planning for the organizations operations and growth.   The Controller will ensure that PAL has the systems and procedures in place to support effective program implementation and audits.  The Controller will work closely with program directors and their staff, not only to educate them regarding PAL’s finance and accounting procedures, but also to explore how the finance function can support program operations.   In addition, the Controller will serve as the liaison with the PEO to handle all employee matters including hiring, termination and corrective action matters.  The Controller will partner with senior management, to enhance and better integrate Finance, HR, and IT functions.      Duties and Responsibilities: 1. Oversee all accounts, ledgers and reporting systems ensuring compliance with any and all relevant government or industry standards and guidelines. 2. Maintain internal control and safeguards for receipt of revenue, costs, and program budgets and actual expenditures. 3. Assist PAL’s senior management staff and finance committee in the annual budgeting and planning process. 4. Prepare and present regular monthly financial reports including budget v. actual, cash flow statements and variance analysis for management and board review.  5. Coordinate performance of the annual audit ensuring required data is available.   6. Coordinate performance of grantor audit ensuring required data is available. 7. Monitoring and controlling the payment of all invoices.  8. Develop budgets for government, foundation and corporate grant applications and provide a copy of these budgets to senior management for review and feedback.  9. Oversee all financial, project/program, and grant accounting; ensure that expenditures are consistently aligned with grant and program budgets throughout the grant/fund period; submit online grant reporting for reimbursements. 10. Manage organizational cash flow forecasting by working with senior management. 11.  Maintain and update tax records and corporate filings and records. 12. Create annual statistical information for inclusion in annual report.   13. Track fixed assets and maintain depreciation schedules  14. Process all new hire paperwork and conduct orientation. 15.     Ensure staffing assignments are within approved budget staff model. 16.     Seek HR guidance from PEO and work closely with Managing Director on employee disciplinary matters. 17.     Complete employee termination paperwork, secure assets and notify appropriate stakeholders.  18. All other duties or special projects as assigned.  Qualifications and Requirements:   A bachelor’s degree with major in Accounting/Finance; CPA preferred.  A minimum of 5 years experience combined in accounting, budgeting, and administration, with a minimum of two years as a controller or assistant controller in a non-profit. Experience in the non-profit environment working with contract and grant compliance a plus. Excellent analytic, organization, and problem solving skills, which allow for strategic data interpretation vs. simple reporting. Strong interpersonal and communication skills; experience in effectively communicating key data, including presentations to senior management, board or other outside partners.  Ability and desire to translate complex financial concepts to individual at all levels including non-finance managers.  Ability to meet deadlines and work under pressure in a fast-paced environment. Knowledge of computer and network systems, accounting and reporting software. Administration and knowledge of online purchase card system a plus.  Must have excellent computer skills, to include Microsoft Word and Excel Must have GP Dynamics experience.  Ability to develop and computer based spreadsheets, graphs and reports. Personal qualities of integrity, credibility, and unwavering commitment to the mission of the Police Athletic League.
970:bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	In this role the HR Manager position will be responsible for leading HR activities for a key business group in the company as well as manage one employee in Carlsbad.  This position is a key contributor in the Human Resources organization and the business unit and includes but is not limited to:   *Provide HR consultation to the vice presidents, directors, managers and employees within the client groups in San Jose, Carlsbad and China  *Assist in organization design, employee/team development and building a culture which engages and motivates employees    *Address employee issues, keeps a pulse on the people and morale, drives programs and communication with management to maintain high morale   *Coach managers and helps them to be effective leaders and strong coaches for their people.  Helps managers be accountable for fostering healthy work environments.   *Deliver succession planning and organizational development efforts to provide employee development, growth and bench strength as a normal part of business and builds organizational capabilities that directly impact business strategies  *Ensures appropriate communications are happening within the organizations   *Drives change management activities within the organization, across functional areas and regions. Will work closely with functional HR to support and drive consistent world wide messaging and programs   *Play a key role with management to assist in re-organizations and other change management initiatives (i.e. growth, reductions in force, mergers and acquisitions and other workforce actions)   *Advises and consults in the business unit to ensure human resources practices, policies and programs are consistent with FormFactor philosophy  *Provides HR knowledge and manages the implementation of programs in areas of new hire assimilation, benefits, staffing, compensation, and employee relations, and performance management   *Understand the resource/talent needs of the business & plans to identify, acquire and develop the required resources needed now and in the future. Identify talent issues before they impact the business. Creates highest possible service levels agreements with functional HR to meet staffing of RFT and Temps requirements   *Leads efforts for merit increases and guides managers on promotion readiness and increases   *Works with managers and employees regarding performance management and training.  Drive strategies to develop bench strength and succession planning.   *Will facilitate training sessions as appropriate and as needed to develop the organization   *Identify & utilize HR metrics to diagnose and address short/long term challenges to the business  As a member of the management team in the business unit, participates in regular staff meetings and provides Human Resources perspective to activities and agenda items. Keeps management team up to date on HR activities and relevant information Contributes to the overall establishment of the Human Resources department’s strategies and plans and maintains a broad company HR perspective.   *Serves as a primary communication link between the Human Resources department and business unit  *Assist managers/employees with resolution of employee issues, career counseling and management coaching  *Ensures adherence to local laws and regulations in all employee actions   *Partner with management to proactively assess needs, identify tactical and strategic employee relations issues and solutions   Facilitates communication of new/revised Human Resources programs and policy to leadership and employees. As the only HR team member at our San Jose site this role will be responsible for working directly with employees on a day-to-day basis answering questions and working through issues  Skill Requirements:  *BS/BA degree and a minimum of 7 years Human Resources experience within a technology company with manufacturing experience   *Experienced HR business partner plus experience in at least one functional area of Human Resources, such as Staffing, Compensation, or Benefits   *Led organizational change management efforts and understands change management practices  *Ability to exercise good judgment and effectively balance the client group’s interests with the needs of the company.  *Ability to work well with other members of the HR team to leverage processes and services across the organization   * Is flexible to changing priorities; handles multiple tasks simultaneously; manages \"gray\" areas; and is customer focused.   *Consulting Skills, influence skills and facilitation skills, the ability to justify and sell ideas to senior management, the ability to work with groups and teams to identify issues and solve problems  *Interpersonal skills, ability to give and receive constructive feedback, ability to interact and partner with people at all levels including Executives and at all locations.
971:full-time-job supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed salary	Hi,   We have an urgent opening with one of our direct clients ASAP.    Location: Seattle, WA  Position : Fulltime  Salary: 80k      Description:    1.  4-6 Yrs of SAP Basis experience  2. Working experience in Oracle and Unix   3. Experience on Platform Migration  4. SAP OS-DB Migration Certified  5. Experience to lead a team  
980:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	General Description of Job: Responsible for daily operations of a home improvement/decor retail business with the overall store success as measured by high levels of customer satisfaction and increases in sales.    Mission Statement: The Director, Sales Manager and Retail Operations is responsible for ensuring each store is operating professionally and safely, is organized to maximize the customer’s shopping experience, and is staffed appropriately for the level of business. Every store and all store employees must operate under the guidelines of the Employee Handbook. The goal of this position is to maximize volume, margin and profits while protecting and enhancing the reputation of the Company.    Key Responsibilities:  o Drive store performance by optimizing sales and gross margin.  o Manage and motivate team to increase sales and ensure efficiencies.  o Develop all employees through performance planning, goal setting, performance evaluation, training, and continuous improvement..  o Responsible for staffing by attracting, screening, hiring, and retaining top performers.  o Manage by the numbers by understanding and taking corrective actions in response to monthly financial statements and operating statistics. Analyze sales figures and forecasting future sales volumes to maximize profits  o Provide exemplary customer service.  o Set the industry standard for consumer oriented on floor presentation.     Qualifications:  o 10 years’ experience in retail store management/operations.  o Relevant industry experience preferred but not required.  o Proven track record in maximizing/increasing sales and profit.  o Proven leadership/management skills.  o Solid track record in exemplary customer service.  o Strong retail presentation skills.  o Hands on management style while allowing for and encouraging independent spirit of proven employees.  o Strong communication skills – oral and written.  o Strong organizational skills.  o Strong analytical skills.  o Resourceful self-starter.  o Strong initiative.  o Solid understanding of ‘retail math’ to include sell-thru and inventory SKU turn concepts.  o Proficient with computer in general and Microsoft office products in particular.    OTHER SKILLS AND ABILITIES   Must be a self-starter, able to work with little supervision, and possess the ability to interact productively with coworkers and outside vendors.  Must be able to follow directions, understand and follow work rules, and work in a dynamic, complex and fast paced work environment.  Must be able to exercise independent judgment and to identify and resolve complex problems and work under pressure.  
981:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	General Compression (\"GC\") was founded with the vision of creating Dispatchable Wind™, an idea that wind energy, one of the most abundant sources of renewable energy in the world, can be transformed from its intermittent nature into a predictable energy source able to meet the dispatch requirements of the utility grid.  Recognizing that the key to expanding clean power is stabilizing power output from wind and other variable sources, General Compression developed the General Compression Advanced Energy Storage (GCAESTM) system to store large quantities of energy from wind farms and make it available on demand. We are working in partnership with major utilities, independent power producers (IPPs), and gas storage operators across North America and Europe to evaluate a number of sites where GCAES™ can firm intermittent power and provide reliable, Dispatchable Wind™.    Program Manager    Reporting to the COO, the Program Manager will be responsible for overseeing and leading all facets of operational initiatives related to the construction, delivery and commissioning of a singular GCAES project.  As Program Manager you will lead an interdisciplinary team that includes Engineering, Supply Chain, Human Resource, and Finance to deliver a quality project on-time and within established budgetary parameters.  Key Responsibilities  • Direct all program related activities; develop and manage to a master schedule/plan and project budget.  • Define site criteria for project based on construction requirements and partner needs.  • Lead all EPC activities for the program utilizing internal and external resources.  • Represent General Compression at the local and state level as needed (i.e. permitting, local utility).  • Negotiate with and manage the performance of general contractors.  • Problem solve to meet program objectives.  • Conduct program reviews with corporate leadership.  Skills and Experience  • 15+ years related experience in program/construction management preferably within the wind/power industry.  • Demonstrated ability to coordinate multiple projects, in addition to excellent organization and analytical skills.  • Possess strong technical project management expertise including planning, and budget administration.  • Strong computer skills and proficiency in spreadsheets, MS Project, scheduling tools and presentation software is a must.  • Must have working knowledge of large-scale fabrication operations, working knowledge of detail and assembly drawings used in manufacturing processes.   • Ability to multi-task efficiently and work well under pressure.  • Strong EPC experience.   • Demonstrated success reducing project costs and/or engineering activities.
982:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	We are seeking people to work with Small Business Owners as Advisors. Seasoned professionals, with career and life experience are our ideal team members. Educational ranges may vary. It is a valued resource, however experience (corporate, public, private, or military) is critical.   Bring incredible impact to small businesses. Assess a prospect’s issues and opportunities, and deliver a road map for the improvement of the business’ performance and profitability. You will be working with local entrepreneurs to address needs, identify problem areas and uncover opportunities for the client. Prospective clients will be within close proximity to your location and no overnight or long distance travel is required.  Under their license as a company certified by the non-profit Organization for Entrepreneurial Development (OED), the Waterview Group delivers the Organization’s Local Business Assistance Program (LBAP) and are seeking to add business and consulting professionals who are experienced in dealing with entrepreneurial small businesses. All OED-Certified companies such as Waterview provide consulting and coaching services to small and medium sized businesses.  A broad cross-section of industries is served by OED’s Local Business Assistance Program including (but not limited to): Manufacturing, consumer goods, financial services, retail, restaurant, hospitality, professional services, education, healthcare, import/export, transportation, technology, and energy.  NOTE: All initial contact and interviews will be through OED directly to ensure that all candidates meet the rigorous standards of OED and the LBAP. Qualified candidates will then be presented to The Waterview Group if the candidate so desires. Qualified candidates may also consider becoming part of OED directly.  To move to the next phase of your career, and begin moving businesses in your local area toward recovery, respond directly to: www.example.com  Information regarding The Waterview Group may be found at www.example.com.  PLEASE NOTE: ALL APPLICATIONS MUST BE COMPLETED VIA www.example.com Please copy paste link to browser if no linked live in ad. Please do not submit via fax or email attachment.  Requirements •Ideal candidates will have 15+ years of professional experience at managerial and/or senior levels •Possess strong written and verbal communication skills •Experience in any of the following core specialties is favorable: Operations; sales; marketing; accounting & finance; management consulting; business development; human resources; supply chain management; import/export; technology •Position requires only local travel •Position is 100% pay for your performance/commission
984:licence-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Become an OED Certified Advisor and experience financial and professional reward from the start.  Bring your energy and talent to small businesses in your community. Immediate and continuous exposure for your practice   **Appointment Setting Services for guaranteed meetings   **Long -term lead generation programs   **Cloud-based prospect and client management tools   **Networking skills training and reinforcement   **Access to on-going marketing support for long term success   **Flexible entry points in a scalable program   Complete training and mentoring for all Certified Advisors   **On-line, self-paced program allows you to start and learn on YOUR schedule   **Designated Faculty Advisor guides you through with personal debrief and role plays   **Group and personal mentoring for all Certified Advisors to support your growth   **On-going workshops and professional development course options to expand your practice  Tools, programs, and exclusive client tools help you bill more, for longer periods!   **A complete set of tools tailored for a wide variety of small business needs   **Slash your professional and client development time to increase billable hours   **Build long term client relationships that provide stable, retainer-based income   **Collaborate easily with your fellow OED Certified Advisors through resource tools designed to get the job done, faster, and for greater profit  The pathway to taking control of your career and launching your practice is OED's Independent Consultant Professional Practice Program (ICP3). It's the proven and guaranteed path to launching or expanding a consulting practice. ICP3 participants are licensed as Certified Advisors to represent OED under its flagship Local Business Assistance Program, a unique platform to develop business consulting and business coaching engagements for the advisor’s personal practice.   ICP3 is an ongoing program that prepares, develops, certifies, and supports the participant for as long as he/she desires. The cornerstone of the program is the understanding that running a consultancy and being an independent consultant is a process and profession that continues to grow and change … that one person could never keep up nor compete effectively and efficiently on his/her own. The ICP3, and all its components, are specifically designed to ensure and support the participant’s success.   Training, Guidance, and Mentoring for YOUR Success As a part of ICP3 Certification, each new Certified Advisor is invited to participate in OED’s MasterMind Coaching Program. The program includes facilitated group sessions with other ICP3 Certified Advisors, as well as private time with a senior coach/advisor. Newly Certified Advisors have found these group and individual sessions to be extremely valuable in helping them to ramp up their practices quickly.  End the Feast or Famine Cycle of Self-Employment There are a lot of opportunities, and a lot of ways to launch a consulting business. Many fall victim to the “feast or famine” cycle in their practices. They may feverishly market to generate clients, then become too busy servicing clients to continue to market. Engagements wane and so can income. OED breaks that cycle for our Certified Advisors with long-term, turnkey marketing support. Everyone from the most sales- oriented professional to the most hesitant are fostered through the ICP3, which helps you build your practice without cold calling or hard selling. Rest easy and prepare to meet your new prospects, because as a Certified Advisor, you’ll “have people” to help generate leads.  An enrollment fee may be required for those interested in becoming an OED Certified Advisor, under OED's guaranteed program.    “If you have any trepidation, at all, these are the people you want to turn to. If you want to take control of your own career, they have been highly successful in helping over 2,000 people establish and build their own practices. It’s a diverse pool of people, from all backgrounds. It’s an amazing success story. It’s one we all get to leverage as well.”   Are you a Veteran? Ask about our enrollment program.   Desired Skills & Experience  Successful Certified Advisors are those who are ready to listen to their clients, to guide their clients through challenges, and are interested in long-term engagements.   Ideal candidates have 15+ years experience in either corporate, private company, entrepreneurial, military, or nonprofit sectors.   Relevant experience in any of following categories beneficial: sales, marketing, accounting, finance, business development, logistics, small business, entrepreneurial, strategic planning, project management, human resources, military, legal, supply chain, quality assurance, training, coaching   OED supports you in finding prospects. You build the client relationship. You retain all billing from your practice. There is no royalty or subsequent commission.
986:full-time-job supervising-job salary	Established in 1988, Paddy O’ Furniture is an industry-leading provider of quality products and services for a luxury outdoor lifestyle.  Driven by the dynamics of fusing innovation with the latest fashion trends, outdoor living is the fastest growing segment in the home furnishings marketplace.  Are you positive, confident and resilient? How about curious and amiable? We are currently seeking customer-first oriented salespeople with demonstrated experience.  Candidates must have a strong desire to differentiate themselves as well as a passion to deliver an outstanding experience to our discerning clientele.   Key Responsibilities: • Maintains daily operations of a retail store • Must adhere to and enforce all company policies and procedures • Supervise adherence to company approved Commission and UPS report         • Ensure all daily/weekly and monthly operational reports are completed • Monitor and assist sales staff with sales invoices for accuracy and efficiency  Skills: Exceptional customer friendly communication skills Great telephone skills Ability to resolve problems and good decision making skills Must have a Can Do attitude of \"How can I help you.\" Teamwork Must be able to complete deadlines Detail oriented Conflict resolution Must be motivated and have initiative Have a desire to continuously improve and learn  Must demonstrate strong skills with technology including Excel, Word, Outlook.  Storis software knowledge and experience a plus.  Job Requirements:  Work weekends and Special events  Work hours 46+    Company training will be required Education          Some college a preferred or 3-5 years experience in a retail management role Salary DOE
988:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed	The *Application Developer* participates in all phases of the application development life cycle, focusing on analysis, design, coding, unit testing and documentation. Maintain existing web-based applications; create new applications; and participate in the creation of a new data warehouse.  Work in a team environment yet to function independently. Interact regularly with other Information Technology staff as well as end users and thus utilize various oral and written communication skills. As a senior-level developer, you will mentor less experienced developers including performing code reviews.  PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: - Use Booth development methodologies and coding standards to develop new, and maintain existing applications, reports, interfaces, web services and other processes. - Build, modify and test application components and enhancements. - Produce quality deliverables based on requirements gathered, business processes, departmental standards and best practices. - Participate in all phases of application development including: - Regular consultation with client users to validate and document understanding of requirements - Creation of design specifications for the application code, user interface, data flow, data structures, metadata and other components as required. - Unit, system, integration, parallel and performance testing - Adapt to and be willing to learn new technologies as they become part of our development toolset. - Create and facilitate knowledge transfer processes within Development and Operation teams.    *Qualifications* Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field required.  A minimum five years of experience developing and supporting applications are required.  A minimum three years of work experience developing applications on the ASP .NET framework in C# preferred, preferably utilizing Microsoft Visual Studio and Team Foundation Server. SharePoint, Microsoft Reporting Services, Microsoft Integration Services, Java, SAS or mobile application development experience preferred. Experience in developing ETL processes, data cleansing, creation of metadata and the use of various reporting tools preferred.  Proficiency with Microsoft SQL and SQL Server required. Strong problem solving skills and the ability to quickly identify options and make recommendations to solve issues required. Solid analytical skills with the ability to assess complex problems and translate them into a functioning solution required. Excellent oral and written communications skills are required. Ability to be an advocate of best practices in software design and demonstrate that you have used these practices in previous positions required.  Ability to work both independently and in a team environment required.  Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously, adjust priorities when necessary and consistently meet deadlines is required.  Good understanding of data warehouse fundamentals and experience in data warehousing is preferred.  The University of Chicago is an Affirmative Action / Equal Opportunity Employer.
989:supervising-job	Our client, a large mid market CPA Firm (300+ prof), seeks a Manager for their Tech Review Group.  Candidates should have similar current experience with a CPA Firm.  All replies will be confidential
991:supervising-job salary	H&E Equipment Services has an opening for a Branch Manager for our Ashland, VA (Richmond) location. We are seeking a highly motivated individual capable of growing branch revenue and profitability. Must be a positive individual with the ability to motivate, drive, and help people succeed.    Responsibilities include:     • P&L for sales, rental, parts and services departments.  • Fleet management.  • Annual budget & forecasting.    Must have:    • Department or Branch management experience.  • Strong communication and organizational skills  • Excellent Sales Skills     Excellent salary and benefits,   
993:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Job Description:    As part of a dynamic Systems Software Engineering team, the Senior  Embedded Systems Software Engineer will help specify and design Audience products to ensure easy and smooth integration of Audience algorithms into target DSP systems.  Scope of contribution includes, but is not limited to: chip bringup, driver maintenance and development, serial communications handling, systems debugging and boot loading.  Responsibilities include:  • Requirements gathering   • Review of hardware specifications, datasheets and schematics   • Development of software and hardware specifications   • Real-time embedded software development and debugging on simulators and target DSP systems   • Makefile and build script coding and maintenance   • Staying abreast of the most recent developments, designs, and architectures in the personal communication systems   Experience, Skills and Education Required  • Serial communications software development including debugging and interfaces to other chip sets (I2C, UART, SPI, etc.)   • Experience with SLIMBus highly preferred.   • Serial communications debugging (hardware and software)   • Full proficiency in C, C++ and assembly languages   • Driver and kernel coding for lightweight, homegrown operating systems   • Efficient software engineering which minimizes use of data memory, code space and instruction cycles   • Real-time audio handling (sample rates, buffering, PCM, codec drivers, etc.)   • Embedded systems debugging via gdb and JTAG   • Make file development and maintenance   • Working knowledge of Perl   • Ability to fully use a revision control system (i.e. Perforce)   • Familiarity with Matlab and Microsoft Visual Studio GUI development   • Application development on mobile OSes a plus (Windows Mobile, Android, iPhone OS, etc.)   • 7+ years experience in a Systems Software Engineering role   • Use of debug tools such as oscilloscopes, multi-meters and logic analyzers   • Strong system design experience in hardware and software   • Experience with real-time audio systems in both analog and digital domains   • Software development in a controlled release environment with versioning and source control   • Involvement with successful schedule-driven projects   • B.S. in EE/CS required     Experience, Skills and Education Desired:  • M.S. in EE/CS preferred   
1000:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	If you have experience as a Benefits Manager and can begin work immediately, we have a great contract opportunity available for you. (N4653)  *Job Responsibilities*  * Supervise all annual enrollment activities * Oversee all benefit programs including health, dental, vision, short and long term disability, life insurance * Participate in benefit design projects * Insure compliance with benefit plan statutes and regulations * Complete benefit invoice reconciliation and processing * Ensure effective COBRA processing * Provide excellent customer service to vendors and staff  *Job Qualifications*  * Minimum of 5 - 7 years’ experience benefit plan design and administration * Experience supervising support staff * Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills * Proven ability to independently initiate and execute projects with a strong attention to detail and deadlines * Excellent oral and written communication skills * Proven customer service, organizational and team collaboration skills * Ability to manage multiple tasks, efficiently prioritize projects and embrace new challenges * Strong technology aptitude with excellent MS Office suite skills * Able to work well with diverse groups and willingness to assist where needed  _BTHR Solutions is exclusively dedicated to serving the HR community. We provide staffing services nationwide for both contract and permanent Human Resource and Employee Benefits professionals. We also provide comprehensive employee communication services._
1002:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	Education: BA/BS in Engineering or Natural Sciences     Description:  Candidates applying for a position as a Munitions Response Project Manager should have demonstrated experience working on Military Munitions Response (MMR) projects to include CERCLA site investigation, feasibility studies for site closure, and munitions removal and range clearance activities as applied to munitions and explosives of concern (MEC) and munitions constituents (MC); and operational range assessments.    Munitions Response Environmental Project Managers provide leadership to groups of scientists and engineers working on the investigation and cleanup of MMRP sites located CONUS including scheduling of project assignments, monitoring of deliverables, overall professional development, and mentoring. They also maintain and improve upon existing methodologies, techniques, and procedures both technically and administratively, and are involved in the proposal/planning stages of projects    Duties and Responsibilities:    Serves as primary contact for client counterparts and manages projects to meet client expectations. Performs project management administrative activities including project setup, earned value analysis, completion cost estimates, and adjusts approach based on key project indicators. Performs external project delivery functions including submission of deliverables; supervision of field activities, and oversees project quality and safety. This position requires independent evaluation of information in complicated and dynamic situations, has the authority to commit company resources, and plans and directs projects, and supplies technical leadership and consultation to professional co-workers. Additional activities may include representing the organization in outside discussions, planning sessions, and technical forums.    Requirements: Minimum Qualifications: Candidate must possess a B.A./B.S., or M.S. degree in geology, engineering, or other natural sciences. Professional certification is preferred (e.g. PE, PG, or PMP).   •Demonstrated experience managing CERCLA-related projects for federal customers.   •Experience in conducting and assisting in regulatory negotiations and conflict resolution in a professional manner to the satisfaction of clients.  •A minimum of three to five years of applied/progressive experience working on MMRP projects.  •Directly related relevant experience with CERCLA/RCRA projects involving MEC and MC; in particular projects involving the preliminary assessments, site inspections, remedial investigations, and feasibility studies for ordnance items and chemical constituents of ordnance items, projects involving the development of RCRA S-X Permit Applications and closure plans for OB/OD units and/or project involving environmental assessments of operation DoD ranges.  •Current OSHA HAZWOPER and ability to pass an OSHA physical required. Desired: Recent completed Government Background check   
1009:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	* BS or MS in Chemical Engineering with generally 8 years+ of experience in related field.  * Thorough knowledge of applicable theories, practices, and accepted procedures.  * 8+ years experience with offshore oil & gas processing facilities  – FPSO’s, Spars, deepwater experience * Should have experience in some or most of the process and utility systems on the topsides like separation, gas dehydration, gas compression, water injection, gas injection, gas and oil export.  * Proficient with engineering software applications; Solid analytical and problem solving skills. Accuracy and attention to detail important. Ability to meet deadlines and manage priorities is important. * Ability to contribute to preparation and delivery of presentations to customers is preferred * Strong written and verbal communication skills in English * Ability to work effectively in teams is very important  UniversalPegasus International is a leading provider of engineering, project management, survey, inspection, and construction management solutions to the energy industry worldwide. Built on a 50-year heritage, UniversalPegasus provides quality, safety, innovation and client service, and delivers unmatched expertise and value to oil, gas and power clients around the globe. Headquartered in Houston, Texas, UniversalPegasus employs over 1,900 employees and has offices in major energy centers worldwide.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex or national origin. For additional information about UniversalPegasus International please visit our web site at www.example.com    
1010:bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job salary full-time-job	*Senior Account Manager (San Francisco)*  We are seeking a Senior Account Manager to guide clients through deployments of Bre.ad’s services and nurture customer relationships. The ideal candidate has an outgoing, friendly personality and a strong drive to build the growing Bre.ad user community quickly. This full-time position is based in our downtown San Francisco office.  *Responsibilities:*  * Manage a large portfolio of celebrity and corporate clients * Initiate coordinated launches with new clients * Identify and execute promotional opportunities alongside other account managers and sales representatives * Correspond regularly with customers to discuss social media strategies/tasks * Meet or exceed both company and client goals for community involvement * Upsell new features to existing clients * Build and manage a small Account Management team  *Qualifications*  * 2-4 years experience in marketing, advertising, and/or social media consulting * Experience leading a small team * Excellent written and verbal communication skills * Experience providing friendly customer service over the phone * Personality type that thrives in a fast-paced start up environment * Proven track record of meeting or exceeding metrics for client communications * B.S. in Business, Communications, or equivalent preferred  *Benefits*  * Compensation will be competitive & performance-based * Attractive equity package * Full health care / dental / vision benefits * Flexible working hours * Downtown San Francisco location * Catered lunches, free snacks, team outings  Learn more and apply at www.example.com
1024:supervising-job licence-needed	Senior Structural Engineer (Northwest Suburbs)   Do you enjoy working in the field? Do you like to mentor junior engineers? Are you interested in joining a hard working team? Does working in a growing business sound exciting?   We are looking for a:  *Senior Project Engineer (with supervisor responsibilities)*  We are Highland Engineering P.C.  a 12 years old company based in Cary, IL.  We provide a variety of clients with structural and forensic engineering. This is a hands-on supervisory role where you will be performing both design projects and forensic assignments with an emphasis on design projects. You will supervise junior engineers by focusing on answering their questions, ensure projects are completed correctly and on-time and assist them to grow as engineers. In the office you will work on design projects, writing reports and ensure client’s needs are being met. The field work includes site visits for design projects and inspections (most will involve work on ladders and residential roofs). You will work closely with the owner, clients, other engineers and third party interest becoming an integral part of the team.  You will be ideal for this position if you are/have: • A Licensed Structural Engineer • Able and willing to work outdoors • AutoCAD, Microsoft Office Suite, Structural Design Software (Risa, Tedds) • Able to complete hand and computer calculations • Excellent customer service skills • Excellent management skills • Willing to mentor less experienced engineers  Ready to get started? Send your resume.  This position requires background check and drug testing. No relocation provided. No phone calls or recruiters please.
1036:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Aggressive high volume Nissan dealership on Florida's Gulf Coast seeks highly experienced, motivated, talented and competent Sales Manager for our dealership.     *EXPERIENCED AND/OR CERTIFIED WITH NISSAN AND FAMILIAR WITH NNANET DEALER PORTAL?* We want YOU! Please read on...       Must love to work! Must be a Monster Closer! Must be Goal Oriented and a Leader! Must be process oriented; one who pays close attention to detail. Must be big on accountability, procedure, punctuality, customer service and retention and very big on obtaining and holding high CSI scores.    We are the cutting edge premier digital dealership in our area with full E-commerce/BDC department. We are the area's only Official Buying Center for Autotrader and advertise extensively on traditional media as well. We have two franchises (Nissan and Mazda) plus a very busy pre-owned lot, two service centers and a collision center.    And our store is minutes away from the pristine waters of the Gulf of Mexico!    Our compensation and benefits packages are the best in the region. As such, we want and expect only the best. If you are second best, please do not apply.    Job Duties, Responsibilities and Skillsets:    • Sales training (group and one-on-one)  • Vocal participation in sales and management meetings  • Strong closing abilities  • Desk deals and cooperate with Finance Director to assure all procedure is followed  • Customer Service oriented (not afraid to talk to customers before during and after the sale)  • Strong enforcement of company policy  • Assure proper delivery including service walk for all sales  • Keep up all sales personnel certifications  • Monthly forecasting, goal setting and tracking for store and individual sales personnel    • Motivate and encourage the sales team on daily basis beginning with morning review of previous day business and setting action plan for the current day's business  • Enforce all human resource and labor policies  • Appraise trades  • Make recommendations regarding marketing and advertising initiatives  • Close attention to OEM incentive programs  • Participate in pricing of vehicles  • Review all commission sheets  • Maintain clean and orderly lot and showroom  • Computer literate with typing skills  • Attention to detail a priority  • Knowledge of ADP a plus    Other requirements:    • Minimum 5 years experience in automotive sales management  • Drug free workplace (drug test required)  • Clean motor vehicle record   • High level of integrity (background check required)  • Must have minimum of 3 work and 3 personal references    *(Personal and work references will be contacted & verified.)*    IF you've got what it takes, then please take a moment to forward your resume and be sure to include your compensation history and requirements.      Equal Opportunity Employer.
1042:supervising-job bs-degree-needed	Our company is seeking a Marketing Director with experience in:    - Residential services experience   - Inbound lead generation   - Telemarketing Campaigns     Come be part of a winning team! We need someone who can grow our business with us.    Requirements:  - B.S. degree or equivalent experience  - Experience in Alarm Industry helpful  - Experience with residential service (Cable, Internet, ect).  - Proven marketing strategies.    Please respond to this ad with a cover letter and resume.   
1047:salary supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Hilco Appraisal Services LLC is seeking an Exec. VP National Accounts in Northbrook, IL with the following duties: achieve budgeted revenue of ten largest clients; supervise five direct reports with designated territory based in North America and liaise with the Chief Executive Officer of our United Kingdom Office; work closely with these direct reports in establishing their budgets, calling programs and expenses and in joining with them to negotiate complex appraisal requirements; ensure that revenue targets are met for New York City and state, Connecticut, Texas and Canada; develop and implement overall marketing strategy, including deciding which companies are most likely to become new clients and arrange meetings with senior-level mangers in order to present services; make public presentations to senior-level executives of banks, lenders, law firms, and accounting firms explaining services offered; responsible for public relations with our current and potential clients and explore and develop new ways of expanding our client-base; develop and implement all advertising and publicity, including planning, review, and approval of all  print and web-based advertising and promotional literature, obtaining and expanding our mailing lists used for our promotional efforts, and developing, coordinating and supervising implementation of any and all advertising campaigns.  Requirements:  10 years prior exp.  Prior exp. must include: identifying consulting & advisory services for financial re-organizations; developing & implementing separate business plans for individual business units as part of an overall corporate strategy; serving as a member of an Executive Management Committee; analyzing financial statements & ascertain valuations of inventory, machinery and equipment by performing appraisal analysis.    40 hrs./wk; M-F 8am– 5pm; $200,000-220,000/year. Overtime is not available. Training will be provided. Standard company benefits package available.     Submit resumes to: Recruitment & Employment Office, Hilco Appraisal Services LLC, Attn: Job Ref#: HIL04143, PO Box 56625, Atlanta, GA 30303  
1052:full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Physicians Endoscopy, a nationally recognized leader in ASC management, development and billing, is looking for a Full-Time Billing Representative!  Our CBO is located in Jamison, PA and provides billing services for various healthcare facilities throughout the US.  Our unique structure provides growth opportunities for employees who demonstrate excellence in all aspects of their job requirements. Qualified candidates will have 2-3 years experience with processing healthcare claims and possess excellent customer services and organizational skills.  Responsibilities include:  • Responsible for billing claims on assigned schedule (currently every day). • Accounts Receivable follow up. • Perform month end closing procedure within established timeframe. • Communicate with Billing Associates and Assistant AR Representative (when applicable) to ensure that appropriate actions are taken to prepare and mail patient statements, process refunds, research unapplied accounts, and check delinquency report prior to being sent to the collection agency.  Consistently send patient delinquency letters for accounts that qualify at 30, 60, and 90 days in a timely manner. • Comply with schedule of patient phone calls in order to collect on delinquent or unresolved accounts.   • Monitor accounts for other opportunities to collect payments at time of service (i.e. co pays, deductibles, and coinsurance). • Enter all appropriate comments in Advantx clearly and concisely for tracking documentation. • Effectively communicate any relevant information to the Billing Department to either seek help in extraordinary issues or to help another team member resolve an outstanding issue.  Qualifications include: • High school diploma or equivalent  • Previous Healthcare billing and/or Healthcare accounts receivable work experience.   • Must be a team-player with excellent customer service, interpersonal, organizational and computer skills.  This important position with PE requires a team player with excellent interpersonal skills and professionalism.   Physicians Endoscopy offers attractive compensation and benefits and a pleasant working environment. For more information on our company, please visit our website at www.example.com.  EOE
1056:bs-degree-needed supervising-job full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	*Starts:* ASAP *Type:* Full Time  Description: High-end commercial interiors company is looking for a skilled project manager to join its Architectural Interiors group. In this role you will be responsible for driving all inputs for various retail, corporate, and other interior environments. Project types include full environments, fixtures, displays, furnishings, and other forms of architectural millwork. Project scopes involve all aspects of architectural design, engineering, fabrication, and installation, and responsibilities can be summarized to ensuring the successful completion of various projects in terms of quality, accuracy, timeliness, and budget adherence.  This is a critical role coordinating and overseeing concept design, estimating, purchasing, drafting, fabrication, and installation for some of the company’s most diverse and challenging projects. The position is exciting and allows for a wide range of control and the freedom to make critical decisions affecting the outcome of the projects you are responsible for.  *Qualities we’re looking for:* • Professional team player • Energetic with a positive attitude • Extremely organized; a natural multitasker • Excellent time and money manager • Effective leader, motivator, and collaborator • Innovates around unique challenges • Thrives under pressure • Thorough and detail-oriented • Self-motivated • Goes the extra mile • Constantly seeks self improvement  *Required skills and abilities:* • AutoCAD  • AutoDesk Inventor a huge plus • Microsoft Office proficiency  • Excellent written and verbal communication skills  • Ability to read and analyze project performance reports • Working knowledge of architectural millwork • 5-8 years experience managing complex projects with responsibilities including discovering scope, creating plans, and managing budgets, quality, and schedules • Bachelor's degree • Hands-on woodworking experience a plus
1059:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed salary ms-or-phd-needed	Position Location: Reno / Tahoe, NV    CURRICULUM DEVELOPMENT SPECIALIST – IT W/ PROGRAMING    To learn more and to apply please visit us online: www.example.com    POSITION DESCRIPTION    The Curriculum Development Specialist reports to and assists the Manager of Curriculum Development and Improvement to ensure that the Charter College curriculum is current with career skills in the professions for which the College’s academic programs prepare graduates. This includes leading the process by which curriculum is continually developed, updated, evaluated, and revised. The Specialist ensures that the curriculum is consistent system wide including standardized syllabi, lesson plans, textbooks, equipment, and course materials for existing and emerging programs regardless of the delivery method (e.g., distance or traditional). In addition, the Specialist implements new programs on existing campuses and existing programs on new campuses by training faculty to deliver the curriculum, equipping laboratories, and training program heads to administer the program.    DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  •Develop a schedule for the review and revision of the curriculum   •Work with curriculum committees to review and revise, as necessary, the syllabi, lesson plans, assessment tools, etc. to maintain curricular currency with career skills in the professions for which the College’s academic programs prepare graduates   •Interact with publishers to procure texts and courseware to enhance the quality of course content and delivery  •Train faculty to deliver the curriculum and train program heads to administer the program  •Work with curriculum committees to review and replace laboratory equipment as needed for curriculum delivery or to address currency in the discipline  •Assist in the design and implementation of new laboratories  •Work with curriculum committees to develop new programs in the  •Ensure that the curriculum is aligned with external certifications where appropriate   •Assist corporate compliance by creating appropriate documentation for accreditation and regulatory submission    JOB SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS  •Master’s degree in the discipline (IT / Programing) required  OR  •Master’s degree in Education or Business plus a Bachelor’s degree in the discipline (IT / Programing) or certification/licensure in the discipline (IT / Programing)    •Three years of postsecondary teaching experience in the discipline (IT / Programing)  •Program management experience required  •Strong communication skills with the ability to communicate with different positions within the system required  •Doctorate preferred    Employee Benefits Summary:    We offer great benefits including Medical Insurance, Dental Insurance, Vision Insurance, 401K Profit Sharing Plan, Short Term and Long Term Disability benefits, Paid Time Off (15 days per year), 7 Paid Holidays per year, Tuition Reimbursements of up to $5,000 per year, and more...visit us online to learn more.    Special Note:  Immediately following the submission of your application you will be asked to take an assessment. This assessment helps us match your talents and attributes to our positions. Keep in mind if you choose to not participate in the assessment you will not be considered for the position. If you are applying for multiple positions, please be aware that you only need to complete the assessment once.    **Please save the below link so that you can refer back to the assessment link and instructions:  www.example.com     We are committed to diversity. Charter College and Prospect Education LLC are Equal Opportunity Employers.    To learn more and to apply please visit us online: www.example.com
1064:associate-needed supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Retail Jobs! Great opportunity to become champions of positive change; initiating and driving continuous process improvements to keep the Kangaroo brand, and our retail stores \"Fast, Friendly, and Clean”.    We are currently seeking District Managers, Store Retail Managers and Entry Level Management Trainees to work in one of our 1,650 convenient locations. You will be a part of the success which brings customers into the stores and keeps them coming back.    You will also have GREAT BENEFITS (certain eligibility requirements vary on location and/or position)          Health Plans – Medical, Dental, Prescription, Vision, Employee Assistance Plan      Financial – 401 (k) Savings Plan, Flexible Spending Accounts, Direct Deposit/Pay Card      Life Insurance – Group Life Insurance, Accidental Death and Dismemberment, Spouse and Child Life Insurance      Paid Time off – Vacation    RETAIL DISTRICT MANAGER    Responsibilities:        Build talented retail store management teams by recruiting, selecting, hiring, training, and continuously developing store managers which are guest and results focused.      Uphold the Kangaroo Express brand standards with respect to guest service, food service, store conditions, merchandising, and gasoline marketing; ensuring that operational plans are consistent with our “Fast, Friendly, and Clean” culture.      Track and analyze store-by-store financial performance data; spotting trends, identifying issues, and collaborating with store managers to execute solutions.      Manage a district of approximately 10-12 stores; understand the competitive landscape within the market and work to gain market share.      Partner with the Regional Sales Director to develop and implement action plans to build strong community relations, generate additional guest counts, increase revenues, and manage expenses.    Requirements / Preferences        Minimum of an Associate’s Degree; Bachelor’s degree in Business or a related discipline is preferred.      Minimum of 3 to 5 years of industry supervisory experience, or applicable retail supervisory experience.      Previous multi-unit experience in retail management is STRONGLY preferred.      Background in Quick Service Restaurants (QSR) or the food- service industry is desired.      Track record of job stability/ tenure.    STORE RETAIL MANAGER & ENTRY LEVEL MANAGEMENT TRAINEE    Responsibilities:        Recruit, select, hire, train and develop retail store associates which are dedicated to extraordinary guest experiences.      Maintain store conditions and merchandising standards in a manner that is consistent with our “Fast, Friendly, and Clean” culture.      Track and analyze the store’s financial performance via the Profit and Loss (P&L) statement; identifying problems and implementing solutions.      Partner with the District Manager to develop action plans which generate additional guest counts, increase revenues, and manage expenses.      Demonstrate ownership by clearly communicating expectations to the store team, and holding themselves and others accountable for their performance and results.    Requirements / Preferences        Associates (2-year) or Bachelor’s degree (4-year) is desired.      Store Managers: 2 to 4 years of industry supervisory experience, or applicable retail supervisory experience.      Trainees: Retail experience is desired.      Background in Quick Service Restaurants (QSR) or the food- service industry is desired.      Track record of job stability/ tenure.    APPLY TODAY  Our application process may take up to 60 minutes to complete. Management trainees should select store assistant manager when applying. Thank you!
1070:bs-degree-needed supervising-job full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	If you have the energy, compassion and commitment to create family fun and fond memories for guests who love the outdoors, come join a fast paced growing company seeking a General Manager for one of our RV Resorts.   Responsibilities include overseeing the day-to-day operations of the resort to include financial management, sales/leasing sites, marketing, and operations. The successful candidate will maintain resort operations by attracting and serving guests, while ensuring the physical property is maintained and the financial goals are met. The ideal candidate will have the following qualities:     * Facilities management with an eye for details and cleanliness   * Knowledge of general maintenance and custodial activities   * Outgoing personality with the understanding of customer service and business acumen.   * Ability to thrive in a highly visible fast paced environment, managing multiple conflicting priorities.   * Able to be resourceful and creative at times   * A passion for customer service and business   * the ability and willingness to work long hours and days in the peak season. market & sell business in the off season   * Able to be self sufficient   * Background knowledge in controlling budgets and analyzing Profit and Loss statements is required   * Bachelors degree preferred. Commensurate experience will be considered.   * Minimum 2 years property or hospitality management experience required.       To apply for this position, submit resume and cover letter in response to this posting.
1077:supervising-job	Alliance America is an established career insurance agency specializing in the Senior Market. We are looking for a select few insurance agents throughout the State.    This is an opportunity to work both direct mail leads as well as cultivate our existing client base for prospects that need assistance with their health, financial and insurance related affairs. If you are an ethical, hard working producer, you'll never have to worry about where your next prospect is coming from again! Simply put, we have the leads, we just need motivated insurance agents who are willing to work hard and know how to sell by creating need through educating their prospect.    We provide leads, training, back office support and an unlimited income opportunity!    Candidates should have at least some prior experience in the Senior Market and hold an active Life/Health license. Experience in the annuity arena is considered a plus. Qualified candidates should possess excellent communication skills both in person and over the telephone, be self-motivated, hard working, and above all, ethical. We are looking for an individual who can think like a business owner and is not afraid to work hard!    Responsibilities    Setting and running 8 to 12 daytime appointments per week.  The marketing and selling of Senior Market Insurance products with a focus on Annuities.  Company training and close personal mentoring will be given to each new representative to ensure their success.    For more information call  XXX  or find us online at www.example.com    Sales positions available throughout Michigan, Kentucky, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, North Carolina, Virginia, West Virginia, Georgia, Tennessee, Mississippi and Alabama  
1084:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 1-year-experience-needed	Assure Facility compliance with applicable federal, state and local regulations.     Direct and ensure the implementation of written policies and procedures that reflect the goals and objectives of the Center and Administrative team.      Make routine rounds throughout the Center from a first-hand observation that an optimum level of resident care is provided, the environment is being maintained in a safe and sanitary fashion, systems are in place, and that employees are appropriately attired and receiving appropriate supervision.     Oversee the recruitment, selection, and training of competent department supervisors and other ancillary staff.     Meet with Department Supervisors on a weekly basis to review interdepartmental issues, expense control, labor control, and any other pertinent resident and/or environmental issues as appropriate or necessary.     Conducts “standup “meetings every weekday morning.     Develops, establishes and maintains resident census at optimal levels.     Assists in preparation of annual operating budget.            JOB REQUIREMENTS      Qualifications:     A current and valid state Nursing Home Administrator license is required.     Thorough knowledge of applicable state/federal regulations regarding nursing home operations is necessary.       A BS/BA degree, or equivalent experience in healthcare administration is preferred.         Minimum of one year supervisory experience, preferably in a long-term care setting.         Ability to effectively communicate, direct, and at times, delegate tasks.     Ability to read, write, and speak the English language.  
1099:full-time-job supervising-job hourly-wage	Symmetry I.T. Consultants provides customized I.T. solutions for clients in the South Florida area. We are rapidly expanding and are currently seeking an I.T. Manager to support 60 users in a thin client environment.    Must have experience in:  Windows Server 2008 (3 years experience)  Exchange Server 2010  Terminal Services (3 years experience)  Basic Cisco Routing/Switching  Wireless Networking  End user support  System Security (Antivirus, Antispam, etc)  Office 2010  Cabling and Termination  Basic Voip Telephony      The ideal individual is capable of working independently and has a passion for customer service.  This position is contract (1099) with the possibility of permanency. 32 to 40 Hours per week and is available on-call.    Email your resume.    Hourly rate is $23 to $30 D.O.E.
1100:supervising-job bs-degree-needed full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	My prestigious client is a Chicago area icon since the mid 1940’s, voted top employer multi years running.  I am managing their search for a high performing Sanitation Supervisor to join their rapidly growing, successful brand.  If you are a Sanitation expert, with outstanding leadership skills, high energy, ambition and a great work record; bring your expertise, to succeed in this key role.  You will be rewarded with competitive compensation, world-class benefits, and career development opportunities   Your people skills will effectively supervise and coordinate the daily activities of the personnel of the Sanitation Team  to effectively achieve  established deliverables, cost goals and objectives of Sanitation, Safety and Quality Departments.    This position reports to the QA/Lab Manager.  Education:  B.A. /B.S. business, engineering or related field OR equivalent experience   Experience:   • 2-6+ years managing and enforcing safety and sanitation regulations in Food Manufacturing • Knowledge of Continuous Improvement methods:  lean manufacturing or Six Sigma. • Previous experience and understanding of HACCP Plan development and SQF Certification Standards. • Previous Sanitation Management experience, including development of Master Cleaning Schedules and Hazard Analysis • Proficient in Microsoft PC based software. SAP knowledge a plus • Fluency in other languages a plus
1101:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Hastings Water Works, based in Brecksville, OH, the largest swimming pool service, maintenance and management company in Ohio, seeks a leader who always operates from the highest levels of integrity to be their new Service Manager.  This open and approachable person is self-motivated, one who encourages others, and is clearly a coach and mentor to others.  Highly focused, he/she has a sense of urgency and works effectively under pressure.    This exceptional communicator will be responsible for a division of the operations of the Service Department. This supportive person is open and approachable; he/she is self-motivated and encourages others to always do their very best.  This person is always courteous to others, caring and sensitive and responsive to the needs of others.  A smart person, he/she wants to work and always uses common sense and good judgment in problem-solving, planning, and relationships with others.  An exceptional communicator, both verbally and in writing, he/she is an active listener.    This employee is also detail-oriented and able to multi-task.  Well organized, and always prepared, he/she embraces technology and uses it to beneﬁt the total organization.  While valuing structure, this person is also ﬂexible and adaptable, able to make changes for the good of the organization.  Being a team player, he/she recognizes the values and traits of high performing teams and strives to always be a positive contributor. This excellent problem-solver, who uses common sense, must have a 4 year college degree.  It is preferred that this courteous and responsive person have at least 2 years of work experience in the Service Industry.  It is desired that this well organized and prepared person have 1 year of work experience in the Swimming Pool Service Industry.    If you want to join our Service Team, work for a fast growing successful company, appreciate being responsible and accountable, and describe yourself as focused on achieving positive results; you are invited to submit your resume and/or detailed work history via email to this job posting or US Postal to:    Hastings Water Works  10331 Brecksville Road  Brecksville, OH 44141  Attn: Human Resource Manager  
1118:full-time-job ms-or-phd-needed supervising-job	 Position Details  Perfect Teeth is looking for a full time endodontist (4 days/week) to work between two practices in Denver (north and central Denver).  We offer a competitive compensation package and full benefits (medical, dental, vision, matching 401k, etc).  Show up at the beginning of the day, see your patients, and go home at the end of the day and leave the administrative burden to us.  Enjoy having an in-house referral base from all of the Perfect Teeth Denver locations.  Apply online or call Kevin Sauer, Director of Recruitment at  XXX  for more information.   Position Description  The Endodontist examines, diagnoses and treats diseases of nerve, pulp and other dental tissues affecting vitality of teeth.  Duties include but are not limited to:  overall direction, coordination of dental office; supervision of clinical staff including endodontic assistant(s) in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws; maintaining a positive company culture; cultivating 'Patients First\" philosophy; execution of company's internal marketing program, training, and resolving patient complaints.   Requirements:  Successful completion of four-year Dental Program (DMD or DDS) and Dental Board Examinations. Dental license and certificate to practice endodontics required.     
1119:ms-or-phd-needed full-time-job supervising-job	Position Details  We are looking for a full time dentist (Mon-Fri) to work in our Wheat Ridge practice.  We offer a competitive compensation package (guarantee or production) and excellent benefits (medical, dental, vision, disability, DEA, matching 401k, etc).  For more information apply online or call Kevin Sauer, Director of Recruitment at  XXX   Position Description  The Dentist diagnoses and treats diseases, injuries, and malformations of teeth and gums and related oral structures. Duties include but are not limited to:  overall direction, coordination of dental office; supervision of clinical staff including hygienist, dental assistant(s) and/or EDDA(s) in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws; maintaining a positive company culture; cultivating 'Patients First\" philosophy; execution of company's internal marketing program, training, and resolving patient complaints.    Requirements:  Successful completion of four-year Dental Program (DMD or DDS) and Dental Board Examinations. Dental license required.   
1126:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	A retail store in the Orlando area is looking retail Manager with a flexible work schedule, honest work ethics and great selling abilities.  You must be able to lead a team to greatness.  You will be the manager over 4 employees for a small consumer retail store.  This store is one of 40, so there is room to grow with our company!  The desired candidate must posses the following:    - At least 3 years of retail experience    - At least 2 years of supervision experience    - Able to manage multiple situations simultaneously    - Strong organization and planning skills    - Strong operational skills in a customer-service environment    - Strong problem-solving skills    - Minimum of High School Diploma required - College degree preferred  If you like retail and selling, this is the place for you.    Please send in your resume for consideration.       
1131:bs-degree-needed supervising-job salary full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Founded in 1871, Alcorn State University is a four-year comprehensive university that is the oldest of the publically historically black land-grant institutions in the United States; and, is the second oldest state supported institution of higher learning in Mississippi.      The university was named after former Mississippi governor James Alcorn.  ASU competes in the Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC) and is a member of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), Division I.  The Alcorn State Braves sponsor 15 different sports.  Alcorn State University is located near Lorman, Mississippi, which is located approximately 80 miles southwest of the Mississippi capital of Jackson.  Alcorn State Football has a rich and proud tradition, producing such alumni like; Steve McNair, Leslie Frazier, Donald Driver, Torrance Small, Jack Spinks and many more.  For more information, please visit www.example.com or www.example.com.    RESPONSIBILITIES:  The Head Football Coach reports to the Director of Intercollegiate Athletics.  The individual is required to adhere to and have extensive knowledge of the policies, rules, and regulations as set forth by the Southwestern Athletic Conference (SWAC), the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA), the Institutions of Higher Learning (IHL), and the University.  The Head Coach is responsible for the overall management of ASU’s football program, which encompasses, but is not limited to; directing a staff of Assistant Head Coaches, Assistant Coaches, Coordinators, Trainers, and student support personnel who have specific responsibility for offense, defense, linebackers, quarterbacks, receivers, etc.     It is critical that the Head Coach-Football establish a strong relationship between the University and the community; develop student-athletes mentally, physically, and emotionally; effectively manage all operational, fiscal, and administrative activities; and, performs other related duties as assigned by the Director of Intercollegiate Athletics and/or the President.    EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:  Bachelor’s Degree required; Master’s Degree preferred.  While five (5) to ten (10) years of coaching at the NCAA Division I level is preferred, the minimum criteria requires only three (3) years of coaching in either a Division I or II collegiate setting.  NCAA recruitment certification required, as well as proven academic success with student-athletes (NOTE:  Evidence of successful football coaching and recruitment of physically and academically gifted student-athletes is highly preferred).  The ideal candidate will have experience playing in an NCAA Division I program, with postseason experience in bowls.  Additionally, comprehensive knowledge of SWAC and NCAA rules and experience with summer camp, alumni cultivation and fund-raising required.    TYPE OF APPOINTMENT:  Full-time administrative position; evening and weekend work is required as well as traveling with and supervising the men’s football team during away competitions.    SALARY:  Commensurate with experience and education (State Health and Retirement benefits package).    APPLICATION DEADLINE:  Opening Date: March 5, 2012- Closing Date: March 19, 2012.  Screening committee will begin review of applications immediately.   To ensure consideration of your application, complete application packets must be received by 12:00 p.m. CST, March 19th, 2012.    REQUIRED DOCUMENTS:  All applicants must submit the following information:  1) Online Application (www.example.com); 2) Resume’; 3) A copy of transcripts for all completed degrees (official transcript will be required if selected for interview); 4) five references w/ cellular number and e-mail addresses included; 5) a written statement for each of the following topics: “Perspective on APR;” “Why Knowledge and Character Matter;” “What is a Student-Athlete;” and 6) complete the attached Applicant Authorization and Release to Conduct a Background Reference Check        *All incomplete application packets will be rejected.     Applications submitted electronically via the ASU Web; click on work for Alcorn.    The Applicant Authorization and Release to Conduct a Background Reference Check link is also available via ASU Web; click Head Football Coach Position Announcement.    Please submit all required documents as attachments for consideration of employment.    Mail original transcripts (if applicable) and attachments to:                                                    Head Football Coach- Search Committee                                                    C/O Carla Williams, Director                                                    Human Resources Department                                                    1000 ASU Drive 390                                                     Alcorn State, MS  39096          “ALCORN STATE UNIVERSITY is an Equal Opportunity Employer”     
1135:supervising-job 1-year-experience-needed	Roofing Company has an opening for an experienced roofing sales rep in their DC office. They are looking to hire a Sales Rep to expand business in DC, focusing in residential.  *Job Responsibilities:* * Build business relationships through networking and referrals * Timely follow up on leads with the goal to exceed customer expectations * Meet with homeowners and insurance agents to identify replacement needs, create bid estimates, secure contracts * Manage each install with strong project oversight  *Requirements:* * Professional in all aspects * Excellent communicators * Strong computer skills * Detail oriented * Self-motivated  * Goal oriented * Ability to resolve issues positively and timely * Punctual * Dependable * Energetic  *Qualifications:* * Prefer candidate to be a local resident * Self-motivated * Prior sales experience * One to three years prior knowledge in residential construction   
1136:supervising-job hourly-wage	Sign Promotion Manager Description:     Manage and maintain a crew of people holding signs advertising for scheduled events. Assemble signage and maintain its appearance, position and monitor crew of workers holding signs, communicate with client and management.     Most work is centered on the weekends and holidays containing 3 day weekends.     Applicants should be punctual, have good people and communication skills. This is an outdoor business so bear in mind weather can become a factor.     See what we do at www.example.com     Note:     Managers will be responsible for purchasing tools (Hammer & Mallet), building materials (Wooden Stakes & Nails), and Fuel.  As an independent contractor you are responsible for keeping track of your own expenses and taxes.     Job Requirements:     18 years of age or older.  A Valid Driver's License.  A Social Security Card.  A Reliable Vehicle.     Please send Resume and Phone contact information for consideration.     Schedule: 12PM - 5PM daily (subject to change)     June 29, 30, July 1, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8     Pay is $125/day as subcontractor     Hiring for these locations:  Bel Air, MD  Annapolis, MD  Catonsville, MD  Westminster, MD  Glen Burnie, MD  Columbia, MD  Marlow Heights, MD  Lanham, MD  Rockville, MD  Laurel, MD   Waldorf, MD   
1137:salary part-time-job supervising-job	Sign Promotion Manager Description:     Manage and maintain a crew of people holding signs advertising for scheduled events. Assemble signage and maintain its appearance, position and monitor crew of workers holding signs, communicate with client and management.     Most work is centered on the weekends and holidays containing 3 day weekends.     Applicants should be punctual, have good people and communication skills. This is an outdoor business so bear in mind weather can become a factor.     See what we do at www.example.com     Note:     Managers will be responsible for purchasing tools (Hammer & Mallet), building materials (Wooden Stakes & Nails), and Fuel.  As an independent contractor you are responsible for keeping track of your own expenses and taxes.     Job Requirements:     18 years of age or older.  A Valid Driver's License.  A Social Security Card.  A Reliable Vehicle.     Please send Resume and Phone contact information for consideration.     Schedule: 12PM - 5PM daily (subject to change)     June 29, 30, July 1, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8     Pay is $125/day as subcontractor     Hiring for these locations:    Durham  Raleigh (X2)  
1139:supervising-job	The SysAdmin / Engineer is responsible for maintaining, engineering and providing thought leadership across the company’s pc’s, network, infrastructure, application data center and assisting with facility management and other responsibilities as required.  This position has a peer where all of the above responsibilities will be shared.  Essential duties and responsibilities: - Analyzing system logs and identifying potential issues with computer systems. - Introducing and integrating new technologies into existing data center environments. - Performing routine audits of systems and software. - Performing backups. - Applying operating system updates, patches, and configuration changes. - Installing and configuring new hardware and software. - Adding, removing, or updating user account information, resetting passwords, etc. - Answering technical queries from staff and attending to hardware/software related issues. - Responsibility for maintaining network and server security. - Responsibility for documenting the configuration of network and server systems. - Troubleshooting any reported problems. - System performance monitoring and tuning. - Ensuring that the network infrastructure is up and running. - Performing builds and deployment of the app for the development team. - Technology Experience - HP Proliant Servers, HP Laptops - ProCurve switches - Server OS (Windows Server 2003, 2008 R2, and some Linux) - Client OS (Windows XP, Windows 7) - MS SQL Server 2008 - Web Server Technologies (IIS 7 and 7.5) - Network Load Balancing (Microsoft NLBS) - MS Clustering Services - Virtualization - Hyper-V and VMWare - Firewalls (Palo Alto) - Storage - HP SAN (fibre channel) - Various RAID configurations - Wireless (802.11a,b,g,n)  Minimum Qualifications  - High school degree or equivalent with a higher education degree/certification in the technical fields. - Microsoft or related industry certifications a plus (MCSA, MCSE, MCITP) - Strong time management skills; able to prioritize projects to meet deadlines - Ability to effectively communicate with all levels of employees - Excellent analytical and organizational skills - A ‘whatever it takes’ attitude (high energy, friendly, professional integrity, humble, positive, confident)
1141:full-time-job supervising-job salary 2-4-years-experience-needed licence-needed	Fantastic opportunity for an apartment manager at a 900+ unit, well maintained, market rate property. Professional appearance and minimum 3 years prior apartment management required. Professional designations such as ARM, CPM preferred.  Above average salary, benefits, bonuses and commissions. References, drug test and background check required. Professional, rapidly growing southeastern company. EOE  NO ATTACHMENTS, PLEASE - paste resume to email response.
1149:full-time-job salary supervising-job bs-degree-needed	Make a difference in millions of lives every day by utilizing your sales, marketing and public relations skills both in your community and across the country by joining the MDA team, as a Fundraising Coordinator.    As a Fundraising Coordinator you will manage fundraising, sales and marketing campaigns designed to create new, as well as foster existing, corporate sponsor relationships that support MDA’s mission and services in a fast paced and dynamic work environment.    Through various business development techniques you will encourage participation and support for MDA fundraising programs and special events while managing a fulfilling and challenging work environment.  *Responsibilities include:*   * Actively participate in the execution and management of MDA’s fundraising programs including the ability to multi-task, handling logistics and follow through on multiple events/programs at the same time.    * Identify new corporate sponsors and maximize fundraising opportunities through various business development techniques including cold-calling, following up on warm leads and attending networking events; consistently research ways to create partnerships with local businesses.  * Deliver organized, structured, and persuasive presentations; using effective written and verbal communication.  * Coordinate targeted advertising, sales and marketing initiatives to communicate MDA’s healthcare and research programs in the local community  * Effectively engage donors of all levels.  * Advise and assist in the development of a local fundraising strategy, plan and budget..   *Requirements:* * Bachelor’s degree preferred or equivalent work experience in sales and/or fundraising  * Demonstrated sales and business development experience with a track record of successfully    meeting sales quota.  * Excellent verbal communication and active listening skills  * Professional, confident and driven work style with a competitive spirit  * Strong organizational, multi-tasking and time management skills.  * Experience in leveraging existing business while continually generating new sales  * Demonstrates the highest level of personal and ethical standards  * Working knowledge of computers and personal communication devices  * A valid state driver’s license, a satisfactory driving record and reliable transportation  * Travel up to 50%  * Bilingual skills a plus   Our employees like working at MDA because of our career opportunities, inclusive environment, work-life balance, benefits and culture.  Joining our dedicated team you will experience the gratification of knowing your work impacts the well-being of millions of people, both directly and indirectly, affected by neuromuscular diseases.  Join a team committed to making a difference in the lives of others.     Our commitment extends to our employees with competitive salaries and benefits.and we recognize their need to balance work and personal responsibilities.   Some of the comprehensive benefits we offer our employees include:  * Unlimited internal career paths and opportunities * Medical/Dental comprehensive PPO plan * Life/Disability/Accident/Travel Insurance * Travel reimbursement * 403(b) retirement savings plan * Paid holiday, personal, vacation and sick days  Apply today, and get ready to feel great about your next career!    * Please specify salary requirements  * Position type: full-time salaried employee  * No candidates will be considered who reside outside of area listed above.  * No agencies please.
1150:supervising-job salary	Candidate MUST have experience in either the Sign or Print industry or franchise operations experience.  FASTSIGNS International, Inc. is one of the largest and most successful franchise organizations the US. As a result of our continued expansion and achievements we are looking to add support personnel. We are searching for a proven professional to fill the role of New Center Business Consultant.  Ideally this will be a Dallas, TX based position, but we are willing to consider other locations if you are near a major airport.    The New Center Business Consultant will be responsible for the direct support of new Franchise Partners as they enter the system through the opening of their center until transitioned to the Regional Business Consultant.  They will work on a variety of projects including: sales building activities, business management, operations, financial performance, hiring and training of staff and resource planning.  The ideal candidate must have:  • Prior franchise consulting experience. • Proven business management and sales growth track record. • Analytical understanding of small business financial statements and recognize trends, opportunities and successes. • Ability to travel depending on business needs. • Excellent written and verbal communication skills. • Communication skills to influence diverse groups effectively. • Multi-unit management experience. • Ability to manage simultaneous projects effectively.  Candidate MUST have experience in either the Sign or Print industry or related franchise operations experience.  In this position, you will have the opportunity to work with one of the strongest franchise organizations and develop acute professional skills.  To become part of this progressive and growth oriented organization forward your resume including compensation.   FASTSIGNS International, Inc. offers competitive salary and benefits package that includes medical, long-term disability coverage, vacation/paid time off.
1153:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	YOU MUST USE THIS LINK TO APPLY: www.example.com  The Role • Oversee the drafting, implementation, and maintenance of all IEP and 504 plans  • Lead child study team meetings • Coordinate special education screenings, referrals and evaluations.  • Coordinate related services • Confer and collaborate with teachers to ensure that accommodations are met in inclusive settings • Develop intervention plans with classroom teachers to ensure that student learning goals are clear and measureable and then track student success in meeting these goals • Teach a limited number of daily support classes in math and/or literacy • Coordinate the school’s special education parent involvement committee • Coordinate all standardized test accommodations  Qualifications • Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Special Education or a Special Education teaching license  • Minimum of two years of lead classroom teaching experience (required – this does not include student teaching, practicum, or international teaching experience)  • Working knowledge of state and federal Special Education laws • Commitment to ensuring academic success for all students • Shared dedication to the Brooke School philosophy and mission • Good problem solving abilities and creativity • Excellent teamwork, communication, and organization skills   A Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in Special Education or a Special Education Teaching License is required for this position. To Apply Please visit our career site to create a profile and submit an application: www.example.com
1156:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Synechron on behalf of our client, a leading Financial Services company is looking for a Production Support/Application Support to play a key role in the Commodities trading platform specifically in Endur OpenLink product. This is a long term role and is based in Charlotte, NC.  Job Description:  • The role is a first/second level support for the Commodities trading platform specifically in Endur OpenLink product.  • Support involves working with Traders and other business lines also. • The candidate should ensure that support processes are followed with regarding to issue resolution and problem management.  • Properly log issues and resolutions utilizing Best Practices and standard tools.  • Perform first and second-line support responsibilities.  • Ensure proper escalation procedures are followed and service-Level Agreements for issue resolution and remediation are adhered to.  • Ensure that the team’s Knowledge Base stays current and create and maintain custom documentation as needed by Support team. • Work with delivery managers to reduce the support profile of existing applications and drive the resolution of recurring issues at a systemic level. • Gain understanding of the clients Commodities businesses and work effectively with team members in other locations situated globally.  • Extensive interaction. Ability to handle a small team of 4-5 people  Required skills:   • Minimum 3 years in Development or Support function  • Strong Experience in dealing with business lines in a face to face manner  • Experience of Endur application and Commercial Banking  • Good Knowledge of Power, Oil, Metals, Commodities trading    Regards, Tarandeep Bagga,          Recruiter | www.example.com SYNECHRON -  - 4,000+ professionals globally. - USA | Canada | UK | The Netherlands | UAE | India | Singapore | Hong Kong | Japan!    
1161:full-time-job supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed	MUST HAVE B.S. Engineering-prefer Mechanical or Chemical  RESPONSIBILITIES   o     Manage direct reports and work flow of departments o Ensure Production Teams are properly trained on all components of their position o Develop managers’ skills, conduct performance evaluations and development plans  o Ensure direct reports manage and develop their teams  o Labor relations – Serve as an active member of the Union Contract Negotiations Committee and ensure proper execution of contract  Technical Consultant: o Provide guidance and technical expertise to: o Production o Scheduling o Quality Control o Maintenance  Executive Committee Member o Develop strategic plan for Production Departments and ensure effective implementation o Develop, revise and ensure execution of company strategic plans  Research and Development:  o Research and identification of opportunities for new materials/vendors o Ensure correct execution of material trials   QUALIIFICATIONS Skills:   o Leadership o Negotiation o Manufacturing o Mechanical engineering o Strategic planning  o Creative thinker o Strong Analytical skills  o Strong hands on leadership and motivational skills  Education: o BS  in Engineering o 10+ Years Management experience  
1168:bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Experian is the leading global information services company, providing data and analytical tools to clients in more than 90 countries. The company helps businesses to manage credit risk, prevent fraud, target marketing offers and automate decision making. Experian also helps individuals to check their credit report and credit score and protect against identity theft.    Experian plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange (EXPN) and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 index. Total revenue for the year ended March 31, 2010, was $3.9 billion. Experian employs approximately 15,000 people in 40 countries and has its corporate headquarters in Dublin, Ireland, with operational headquarters in Nottingham, UK; Costa Mesa, California; and São Paulo, Brazil.    For more information, visit www.example.com.      *Position Details:*  The Strategic Account Executive will have sales and account management responsibility for a top 5 financial institution. You will be responsible for developing and maintaining close alliances with senior client management personnel, offering recommendations through formal sales presentations and written proposals, negotiating annual and individual pricing contracts and agreements.    *The Strategic Account Executive will be responsible for:*      * Developing and maintaining knowledge of client goals and critical success factors to develop Account Strategies to identify and execute applications for Experian products and services that deliver consistent quality performance to revenue goals. Identifying solution cross-sell and up-sell opportunities.      * Maintaining knowledge and awareness of key industry trends and best practices.      * Providing customer intelligence to sales and marketing management in order to position our offerings effectively. Regular client engagement that will increase client loyalty which will result in expanding revenues of Experian solutions. Applying basic business principals to manage the assigned territory in order to meet revenue goals, enhance client satisfaction, and continue building revenue base.      * Communicating client needs and requests to appropriate personnel in a manner that helps Experian justify the investment of resources and time to meet client's needs or resolve problems.      *Requirements:*      * Minimum 5 years successful sales experience with a proven track record of overachievement selling complex solutions and non tangible business value in competitive environment.      * Background in Financial Services specifically with emphasis on risk management and credit would be ideal.      * Demonstrated ability to sell at the executive level.      * Ability to effectively position complex ideas and concepts through verbal and written communication.      * Demonstrated business acumen.      * Good customer service skills and ability to adapt to different personalities.      * Ability to develop and maintain client relationships and establish loyalty at all levels within client organizations.      * Ability to work independently, possess good organization and project management skills.      * Research client organization and requirements to continually expand relationships.      * Good problem solving and analytical skills. Must have the ability to develop and work within team environment.      * PC skills including Word, Excel and PowerPoint are essential      * Bachelor's degree required, MBA strongly preferred      * Some overnight travel is required.
1177:licence-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	We are in search of:  Registered/Licensed Landscape Architect to complete full-service design, construction documents, construction administration services, and run portions of large commercial and mixed-use projects in a team setting, as well as residential design and construction projects.  Must have superior communication, CAD, design, and free-hand drawing skills, along with working knowledge of green roof design and detailing.  Perfect candidate is quick thinker, able to respond to client and office needs with grace and diligence, and happy to take on and lead or work under others on projects of all kinds. Plant and horticulture knowledge a plus.   Minimum 5 years experience in office with proven track record a must.  Clinton & Associates is a widely published and award-winning landscape architecture firm with national reach.  We take our work seriously, and we know how to have fun.  If you are interested in joining our team and have the credentials listed above, please send your resume for review.  Visit us at www.example.com for more information.  Please forward resumes and samples of work (including freehand drawings and renderings), along with references.  No phone calls please.  Serious candidates with the above listed experience levels only.  Thank you.
1196:supervising-job licence-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	Job Description        Multi Specialty Ambulatory Surgery Center in Wayne, NJ seeks Director of Nursing with the following qualifications:      ·        Experience with GI, Vascular Surgery, Urology Ortho, Pain Management  a plus  ·        Minimum of 2-3 years exp as Supervisor, Charge Nurse or other position of      management responsibility.  ·        Must have OR/Circulator experience in an ASC setting   ·        Must possess excellent communication and organizational skills  ·        Strong interpersonal skills, critical thinking and problem-solving skills required   ·        Must demonstrate strong leadership skills  ·        Current RN licensure allowing practice in New Jersey  ·        Graduate from an accredited school of nursing  ·        Bachelor's degree preferred, Master's degree desired  ·        Certification in CPR     Only qualified candidates need apply.  
1209:supervising-job	COMPANY OVERVIEW     At Chapman we strive to make our customers completely satisfied. Below, you can see our hours of operation. While you are at any of our locations, you can see our extensive inventory of New and Pre-owned automobiles. We work hard to get you into the vehicle you have always wanted. That new Car or Truck is waiting for you, and we deal with a wide variety of lending sources to make sure you will get the most complete and comprehensive car loan and auto financing package available in the Horsham, Philadelphia, Lancaster, Columbia, and Egg harbor areas.     The Chapman Auto Group has built a reputation on providing courteous, honest service. Our customers appreciate the way we do business, and we know you will too. Take some time to stop in and find out what makes us an exceptional place to service or buy your automobile!     Purchasing or leasing a new vehicle is one of life’s more important financial decisions. At Chapman we understand that the right vehicle at the right price is the beginning of the value equation. Customers deserve the same enthusiastic attention and competitive pricing throughout the ownership cycle. Our commitment to superior service doesn’t end at the time of sale. That’s where it begins.      AUTOMOTIVE ASSISTANT FINANCE MANAGER    JOB DESCRIPTION       C&C FORD - CHAPMAN CHRYSLER JEEP DODGE    WE ARE SEEKING AN EXPERIENCED ASSISTANT FINANCE MANAGER TO JOIN OUR TEAM    COMPETITIVE PAY PLAN     COMPREHENSIVE BENEFITS PACKAGE PROVIDED:  MEDICAL, DENTAL, LIFE & DISABILITY INSURANCE ALONG WITH A COMPANY MATCHED 401K PLAN.  WE PROVIDE PAID HOLIDAYS & VACATION TIME    SUPPORTIVE MANAGEMENT TEAM & PLEASANT WORKING ENVIRONMENT      JOB REQUIREMENTS     MUST HAVE PRIOR F&I EXPERIENCE WITH A PROVEN TRACK RECORD ON RETAINING GROSS    REYNOLDS & REYNOLDS EXPERIENCE PREFERRED    MUST BE A TEAM PLAYER & BE ABLE TO ROLL UP YOUR SLEEVES TO GET THE DEAL DONE.    EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE SKILLS REQUIRED.       
1216:bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Los Angeles based company near LAX has an immediate opening for a Marketing Coordinator to join our team. This is a great opportunity for a talented individual to join a growing organization.   Job Responsibilities will include but are not limited to:  - Monitoring and coordinating marketing team projects ensuring all deadlines are met.  - Developing daily, weekly and monthly reports and data analyses to recommend areas of improvement. - Monitoring radio media traffic, forecasting call volume, cost and revenue.  - Supporting marketing staff by providing sales data, market trends, forecasts, new product/project information. - Enhancing future campaigns by evaluating results; developing and making recommendations for improvements. - Acting in the capacity of Company liaison with outside media partners.  - Working closely with the management team to identify goals, provide recommendations and strategic planning.   QUALIFICATIONS:  - Bachelor's Degree or equivalent work experience in the field of marketing/sales;  - And 3+ years experience. - Excellent verbal/written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally with internal and external parties.  - Attention to detail along with a positive attitude and energetic personality. - Excellent problem-solving/resolution skills. - Ability to analyze web based analytical tools and data. - Bilingual (English/Russian)   HOW TO APPLY:   Submit your resume in Word or PDF format.
1218:associate-needed supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job	Spectrum Partners, LLC is a  Enterprise Information Consulting Company with a focus on assessment, deployment and sustainment of DoD voice, video, wired, wireless and emerging technologies.  Or company is seeking Cyber Electromagnetic Analysts for Spectrum Management Operations for the following duties:  Provide subject matter expertise support for proponent and non-proponent concepts, doctrine, and material requirement documents to ensure spectrum is addressed in the development, acquisition, and employment of SMO products. This shall include comments, suggestions, working group participation, or other technical support to ensure spectrum considerations is properly addressed.  Perform analysis related to the development of JCIDS capability developments documents for SMO program development IAW TRADOC Regulation 71-20.  Provide support to products and deliverables for review, approval, and release by the Government, that meet existing standards within the divisions supported.  Provide support for CIEDD developments, and SIGCOE support to TRADOC’s CIEDD ICDT and DOTMLPF assessments.  Perform RF spectrum management, which is a critical element of Electronic Warfare activities associated with CIEDD integration.  Provide Information Technology (IT), analytical and technical support in the form of training, doctrine, materiel, and concepts development for all SMO DOTMLPF related issues.  Provide management support to reporting, data collection, cost analysis and quality assurance of products unique to achieve Government products and deliverables required from the Contractor.  Provide technical and engineering support for product and capability development mission requirements in support of spectrum utilization for the EW and CIEDD programs.  Provide analysts(s) with sufficient technical knowledge, specialized expertise, experience, skills and credentials to accomplish management support requirements.  Develop procedures for the planning, management, employment and operations of new enhanced materiel solutions for Army battlefield operations, homeland defense communications and information network systems and devices.  Must have an understanding of how to recognize administrative suspense’s and requirements, track repetitive suspense’s and provide products to assist Government personnel in meeting short and long term recurring administrative and management requirements.  Provide verification and validation assessments, for review, approval, and release by the Government, on the quality of technical products submitted IAW with the PWS.  Develop SIGCOE spectrum training strategy in support of CIEDD and Program of Instruction (POI) for review, approval, and release by the Government, for Signal specific spectrum training for CIEDD.  At a minimum, the SMO Analyst provides subject matter analysis and continuity regarding all SMO related capabilities developments; knowledgeable in all areas of SMO as it relates to integration of CIEDD, EW, and Cyberspace into include doctrine, policy, and regulation; and must be capable of providing instruction and teaching tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs) related to CIEDD/EW/Cyberspace. The Senior SMO Analyst’s acceptable qualifications/ certifications and experience are listed below.  EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS: > A minimum of three (3) years experience in spectrum management or electronic warfare with three (3) years experience working with office productivity software programs (Word, Excel, Access and PowerPoint) and three (3) years experience/knowledge of military documentation process, capability development process, or requirements determination process.  > Knowledge of SMO systems, doctrine, and policy and experience/knowledge to coordinate and collaborate with Army proponents, units, the DA Staff and other DOTMLPF responsible agents to facilitate timely analysis and solution development required by the JCIDS process in support of CIEDD/EW/Cyberspace capabilities development.  > A minimum of an associate degree in information technology management, electronic systems technologies, or a similar technical degree/certification or a minimum of seven (7) years experience in spectrum management or electronic warfare. > A SECRET Clearance or higher  EOE www.example.com Heaquarters: 12 Christopher Way, Suite 200 Eatontown, NJ   XXX 
1221:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job	Lead Java Developer Location: Reston, VA  P.S. This is a full-time position. We are not interested in independent contractors.  This role is responsible for being a technical designer on projects and initiatives related to new development, enhancement, and break/fix efforts related to processes and code constructed with and for Java and J2EE technologies.  Persons in this role must exhibit a high degree of technical competency and leadership in the creation of process and technical designs for complex automation efforts required for business process management platform. Persons in this role must successfully exhibit the ability to work in conjunction with individual requestors as well as project oriented teams.      REQUIRED EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE  - High level of proficiency with writing new Java/J2EE and SQL. - Experience with Web services is a big plus - Experience with Java Script is a big plus - Decent understanding of .NET and database - Strong organizational skills and an ability to work without direct supervision. - Must demonstrate strong interpersonal skills in working with internal customers. - Exemplary written and oral communication skills. - Strong analytical, quantitative, and problem solving skills - Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Computer Systems, Computer Engineering or a related degree with equivalent work experience. - 7+ years work experience in the area of design and development using Java and J2EE technologies - Willing to relocate as required  About hCentive:  hCentive is in the business of simplifying the complex world of health insurance. hCentive provides technology solutions for health insurers and state health agencies. These solutions help them reduce cost and administrative complexity, while enhancing relationships with their customers.   hCentive is the first organization to build an exchange solution from the ground-up post the PPACA. hCentive has developed a deep understanding of the healthcare reform and have created solutions and services that align with federal and state regulations and meet or exceed all industry standards.   The hCentive WebInsure Consumer, WebInsure Medicare and WebInsure Group platforms help health insurers cost effectively acquire and manage individual, Medicare and small business customers. The hCentive WebInsure Private Exchange platform allows health plans to offer defined contribution plan marketplace to small business customers.  WebInsure State platform helps states create a health benefits exchange to comply with health insurance exchange requirements of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010.  s
1222:supervising-job	Provides overall management direction for a project or group of projects. Performs project management by processing project documents and information, procuring equipment and subcontracts, monitoring and accurately projecting job costs, maintain billing and schedules and providing technical support and leadership to the field. Provides oversight with the project's superintendent on the day-to-day activities of assigned projects. Develops and maintains long term customer relationships to foster better communications and develop future work. Works independently, and with operations manager, but follows specific guidelines and policies. Makes independent and significant judgments related to project and contractual issues. Responsible for mentoring and training project foreman trainees and project coordinators to ensure that they are given the opportunity to achieve career goals. Performs ancillary duties as required.
1228:licence-needed supervising-job full-time-job	Caring People Home Care has a new cases in West Palm Beach working at the Hanley Center for 8 hr shifts to start right away.    Must have some CNA exp.  Must speak clear English, Level 2 HIV Physical with TB (PPD).  Call Lisa at  XXX  or submit your resume to this posting and we will call you back right away.
1234:2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	American Reprographics Company (“ARC”) provides specialized document solutions to businesses of all types, with an emphasis on the non-residential segment of the architecture, engineering and construction (“AEC”) industry. ARC offers conventional reprographic services, as well as managed print services, digital color printing, and proprietary document management technology products and services. Our products and services enhance our customers’ document workflow, reduce costs, shorten document processing and distribution time, improve the quality of document management tasks, and provide a secure, controlled environment in which to manage, distribute and produce documents. ARC is the largest reprographics company in the United States as measured by number of service facilities and revenue. We also have significant operations in Canada, and a growing presence in China, India, and the United Kingdom. We are the only document solutions company serving the AEC industry that can provide nationwide, comprehensive document management services through a combination of local service facilities in more than 40 states, 12 digital color service centers, online channels including web-based applications, and traditional software. Our largest customers are served by ARC Global Solutions, a corporate sales force focused on large regional and national customers.  Our products and services are available from any of ARC’s 220 service centers around the world. We are concentrated in the U.S., with additional service centers in Canada, China, India, and London, England. Our corporate headquarters are located in Walnut Creek, California.  We operate a technology center in Silicon Valley to support our reprographics services and software design. We operate a similar facility in Kolkata, India, to support our research and development efforts.   The Role: The SharePoint Administrator and Project Manager is responsible for the analysis, design, support, delivery and administration of SharePoint and other systems solutions. There are two aspects to the role:  (1) SharePoint Design & Administration:  The Analyst will perform SharePoint design and administration duties and system analysis. The Analyst will work closely with cross-functional teams across departments to provide support and translate user requirements into detailed business solutions, specifications and project delivery. The system analysis duties will require working with developers to turn designs into solutions, unit testing solutions, working with end-users on user acceptance testing and migrating projects through post implementation and into operations.  (2) Project Management:  Over time, the Analyst and manager will be the link between the business teams and the application development teams, and the operation of the SharePoint and related systems.  Ongoing, the Analyst will support manager to work with the business teams in the capture process: • Collect and help analyze requirement • Participate in the definition of the solution • Prescribe the infrastructure (Cloud, HW, OS, Middleware) supporting the solution • Document the technical architecture text and drawings • Provide costing estimates  Desired Qualifications:  SharePoint Skills:  Design and administration experience with SharePoint Server is a must • Understand physical and logical server architectures for SharePoint Server  • Experience in the implementation, and support of complex applications  • Experience with IIS 7 web server administration and Windows OS  • Experience with .NET development technologies  • Experience with load balancing technologies  • Experience with Enterprise Web Security Models and architectures -Experience with performance monitoring tools/techniques  • Experience with MS SQL Server  • Understanding of Active Directory • Basic HTML/ASP skills • Experience in code development for SharePoint  Professional Skills:   • Must be capable of advanced level of business understanding and knowledge • Ability to get results in a very decentralized and loosely structured organization  • Ability to work autonomously and in a team environment • Strong customer service skills • Good communicator (to the business and to IT engineers) with strong oral, written, and drawing skills.  Must be able to interact effectively with end users and other service providers including programmers to expedite support activities. • Analytical, possessing strong problem solving skills • Must be willing to work diligently to meet deliverable deadlines  • Demonstrate strong desire to develop new technical knowledge and professional skills  • Project planning and deliverables management • Experience performing system analysis duties • Experience working on projects that span a broad range of systems and enterprise wide complex components  Education & Work Experience: • B.S. in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Administration or other equivalent field • Certifications in SharePoint a plus • At least 3-5 years of related IT experience in progressive roles within an organization  
1236:supervising-job salary	A business minded individual interested in managing and growing a well know long standing laundry services business.  This individual would comletely manage the store.   Salary plus POTENTIAL PROFIT SHARING OPPORTUNITY.
1241:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Senior Change Management Analyst  Minimum Experience: Must have eight plus (8+) years of work experience with projects involving management, organizational, business and/or technical services including document delivery lifecycle, which includes five (5) years of supervisory/management experience, such as project planning and control.  Familiarity with MS-Office automation products, including MS-Word, MS-Excel, MS-PowerPoint, and MS-Project.  Familiarity working with Google products including Mail, Sites, Calendar, Spreadsheet, Drive, and Document.  Functional responsibilities: Work with Development teams and Analysts to build migration plans for new development releases and service packs.  Define, communicate and enforce Change Management (CM) policies and procedures to development and operations teams.  Providing support for moving system objects throughout development and production environments.  Provide support for functional and physical Configuration Audits.  Support the creation of detailed implementation plans for deploying new software releases into the production environment.  For organizational change management, the senior change management analyst will facilitate and lead the planning and preparation for organizational change management activities for implementation of enterprise services.  This will include, but not be limited to: change communications plans, stakeholder outreach, transition planning, and execution of these efforts.   Minimum Education: B.A. or B.S. degree in Information Systems or another applicable field.  An equivalent combination of education and experience, which provides comparable knowledge, is acceptable.  Also recommended is certification in the areas of Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) and Information Technology Service Management (ITSM).   Email resume and salary requirements to contact-ebs at ebscorporation.com
1247:supervising-job associate-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job salary	New York Skyride is looking to hire a shift supervisor. This is a full-time salary position with benefits. Please see below for responsibilities and qualifications.  *Job Responsibilities*  • Oversee our sales team to make sure that all duties are being fulfilled and that customer satisfaction is maintained at the local level • Assist with new employee training by positively reinforcing successful performance and giving respectful and encouraging coaching as needed • Executes facility operations during scheduled shifts • Follows all cash handling and cash register policies and ensures proper cash management practices are followed by cashiers • Meet monthly sales goals • Maintain sales history data for each employee • Maintenance and distribution of DataTrax sales tools • Personnel placement and scheduling breaks • Provides feedback to shift manager on employee performance during shift • Communicate with shift supervisors and the Operations manager • Maintain regular and consistent attendance and punctuality • Other duties as assigned  *Qualifications for Position*  • Associate’s Degree or experience equivalent is necessary  • 2 – 3 years of experience in commission based or quota driven sales environment • Ability to direct the work of others • Ability to continuously move around all areas of the facility • Ability to work flexible hours including nights and weekend • Ability to work as part of a team • Ability to learn quickly  *Desired Skill Set*  • Strong interpersonal skills • Knowledge of tourism industry/NYC • Multi-lingual individuals welcome!
1249:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job salary	Fast growing company with great opportunities for advancement. Company has many large projects in New Jersey, New York and Westchester.   Minimum 5 years experience in the electrical field. Ideal candidate can read prints, make material list, lay out workers, stay on schedule, coordinate with other trades and attend job meetings.   Typical job type is mid and Highrise mixed use residential building. Must be well versed in knowledge of the code. Experience with large services 4000a a major plus. Knowledge of fire alarm systems, generator installation, underground and deck work a must.   Great salary and bennifits available.   Visit our website.  www.example.com   Must have a valid drivers license.
1258:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	IF YOU HAVE WORKED FOR A CUSTOMS BROKER DURING YOUR PREVIOUS EMPLOYMENT...COMBINE YOUR KNOWLEDGE IN BROKERAGE, ALONG WITH YOUR EXPERTISE IN ACCOUNTING TO WORK AS AN ASSISTANT CONTROLLER.    Although money management is the focus, a solid background in accounting is required.  Experience with asset management, healthcare, 401K and IT is required.  You will be responsible for assessing operations and improving billing and profitability.    This is a great opportunity for someone who is currently stuck in an upper level accounting position with no place to go.     If you are looking to move up to a Controller position and ready to assume the responsibility of such position, this may be the job for you.    In addition to the above experience, your duties will include:     Management of all accounting operations.    Act as the chief accountant    Assist CEO and COO with the preparation of budgets, forecasts and transaction analysis.    Oversee Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivables, Credit and Collections, GL and ensure disaster plan.    Compliance with federal, state and local reporting.    Monitor banking activities of the company.    Ensure adequate cash flow; prepare special reports, and oversee agent agreements.    Facility management    Maintain in depth relationshio with management team.    REQUIRED:  Minimum 15 years broad experience in accounting and finance.  Strong Verbal and written skills  Hands on.    ABOVE ALL....A GOOD LISTENER  Knowledge of various Sofware, GL and Databases.
1270:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Primax Home Center is seeking a Sales Manager for our Cincinnati, OH office.   Are you presently selling windows, doors, siding, or any other home improvement product and would like the opportunity to become a manager?  We would be interested in talking with you right away.  Need two years of in-home direct selling experience.   We have a great opportunity for someone to hire, train, and motivate a sales force.  Please contact George M. Jenkins  XXX  ext. 1205 for your confidential interview. You may also email your resume to us.
1271:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	Director of Software Engineering    Our Client  A medical imaging and clinical data management company dedicated to improving patient outcomes by providing innovative healthcare solutions and services.    Job Summary  The Director of Software Engineering will provide overall strategic and organizational leadership for software development. This position is responsible for leading a team of software engineers and overseeing the full product development lifecycle in a regulated environment. The Director will ensure the business objectives, as related to software development and maintenance, are met. The Director will also foster a culture that strives for continuous improvement, with a focus on delivering measurable results and software products on time and on budget.  - Medical device product development experience and a strong understanding of FDA, CE and ISO standards is preferred.    Duties and Responsibilities:  Leadership  - Consult on a regular basis with the development team, product management, and executive leadership to align expectations and deliverables.   - Provide strategic and organizational leadership for the software engineering team; creating a vision, developing plans and executing these for top quality software and continuous improvement.  -Work with product management to estimate scope, complexity and time-frame of new software development initiatives.  - Provide a focal point for the company to assure effective working relationships with other departments, IT, Sales & Marketing, Operations, and QA/RA.  - Build and nurture a software development team that embraces innovation, creativity, quality and reliability.  - Leverage the use of internal and external software resources to maximize product development effectiveness.  Software Development  - Responsibilities include all aspects of software development: product applications, technologies, infrastructure, tools, operating systems, libraries.  - Ensures, through management and project teams, the completion of software projects to spec, on time, and with quality.  - Enhance and mature the software development lifecycle by applying industry best practices, processes and metrics.  - Establish/ revise software coding standards, software architectures, communication protocols, etc.  - Drive standardization and re-use across different development projects, where applicable.  - Foster a culture that maintains relationships with key customers to facilitate on-going flow of information concerning current and new product needs, product development initiatives and market conditions that impact software product development.  - A focus on improving the customer experience of software through: procedural knowledge, customer focus, user centered design and usability.  - Research, explore and validate the next generation of solutions that support or enhance software engineering practices (architecture, operating system, SW languages, development tools, test methods, automation, collaboration, diagnostics, security, remote access) and leverage this knowledge across sector software development.  - Evaluate and make technical recommendations for systems and negotiate scope to better support and meet business needs.  - Collect and convert functional requirements to architecture and technical specifications.  - Actively pursues opportunities to protect strategic innovation and secure intellectual property.   - Contribute, when applicable, to the development of software to support short and long term business objectives.  Performance Management  - Provide leadership and guidance to staff for professional development, which includes regular development planning/execution, mentoring, coaching, education and training.  - As functional lead, perform workforce planning to ensure ready and available source of qualified software professionals for new product development efforts.    Financial  - Develop, monitor, and manage cost center budgets for software development functions.  - Develop business case justifications and cost/benefit analyses for software development spending and initiatives.    Quality/Compliance  - Participates in compliance audits, Corrective And Preventive Action (CAPA) activities, and product compliant investigations as required to support the business.  - Implement processes within the software groups that improve the quality and compliance of software development and releases.  Qualifications:  Education and Experience   - BSEE or BSCS or related experience. A Masters in Computer Science is desirable.  - Minimum of 10 years of increasing responsibility in a variety of product development or business management positions.  - Direct people management experience, leading software teams.   - Demonstrated ability to work independently and handle multiple deadline-driven projects simultaneously.  - Experience developing, delivering, deploying and maintaining software products in a regulated environment is preferred.  - Understanding of FDA and HIPAA regulations is preferred, but not required.    - Experience contracting with, and managing, third party software consultants within and outside the U.S is considered a positive.   - Experience with multiple operating systems including variants of Windows, Linux and associated software languages/tools.  - Experience using Agile (SCRUM) methodologies is required.    Knowledge, Skills and Abilities   - The candidate should be familiar with a range of software architectures, technologies, platforms, and tools, including web technologies.  Experience with web based software applications is required. Ruby on Rails experience is preferred.  - Must be a creative problem solver with a passion for innovation and creativity to bring successful new products to market.  - Must have the ability to deal with ambiguity, establish strong relationships and demonstrate flexibility while driving for consistency, results and accountability.    - Ability to make pragmatic decisions about design, architecture, and implementation.  - Medical device product development experience and a strong understanding of FDA, CE and ISO standards is preferred.    Flexibility on work location is possible, Boston Area or NH.  Working from home office 2/3 days per week, with the balance at corporate office.    Please send resume in MSWord.doc format.  
1274:bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Chase Winters Worldwide (a leading retained executive search firm) is currently conducting several highly visible search initiatives for Technology Analysts and Leads.  Our client is a premier global, strategic, management, and information technology firm. This firm is growing at 26% per year with over $7B in revenues and 130,000 employees worldwide that are providing strategic business consulting, technology, engineering, and outsourcing services to clients in 35 countries. Fortune magazine identifies this organization among the top companies that \"inspire, nurture, and empower a new generation of global leaders.”  Responsibilities include:  Participate in estimation, staffing analysis, and creation of solutions to provide inputs for solution delivery for the proposal.  Participate in discussions with customers to gather, analyze, and provide inputs for project scope documentation  Participate in requirement elicitation process defined in the project management plan to identify requirements, gaps/issues (both functional and non-functional), to come up with a comprehensive requirement document  Perform high and low level design, provide pseudo codes, implement the prototypes, and do design reviews to deliver design documents per customer requirements  Mentor the team in technical competencies and provides performance feedback of individual team members to the Project Manager in order to manage performance Interface with the customer for issue resolution, provide status updates, build customer confidence in the team’s ability to deliver high customer satisfaction  Skills:   • Experience in test strategy, test planning, or automation strategy for carrier grade systems  • Should be able to identify and come up with technical strategy for testing, automation, identify issues and challenges and formulate appropriate strategies to address the challenges • Experience in testing of L2/L3 protocols  • Hands on experience in testing protocol like IP MPLS, MPLS - TP, GMPLS, routing and forwarding, Ethernet protocol, QoS, Multicast, IGMP, LACP, OAM, CFM, BGP, LMP, IGP, OSPF-TE, RSVP-TE, UNI/NNI, PCE, • Exposure to various testing tools & methodology for carrier grade communication system • Must have hands on test equipment preferably ONT/SONET/SDH Analyzer, Ixia, SMB • Automation experience using TCL  Qualification:  Bachelor’s degree required   Experience Required ( In Years):  A minimum of three years of experience in test strategy, test design, execution or automation for a networking product.    
1283:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job ms-or-phd-needed salary	Job Description: A Denver based national provider of electro-chemical water treatment systems is hiring a full-time, experienced Operations Manager familiar with the water industry who would lead and manage all facets of the operations of our two main industry groups: Agriculture and Cooling Tower . Silver Bullet rents its patented water conditioning system both directly to clients and through a nationwide network of distributors.  The COO will be responsible for the effective delivery of our products and services to end-users, both directly and through the distribution network, including manufacturing, installation, field operations and troubleshooting, parts replacement (both pro-active and reactive), pre-in-service and post-in-service technical support, ongoing preventative maintenance, reverse logistics and quality improvement.   Job Responsibilities: • Implement and lead a continuous quality improvement process in the two main industry groups, focusing on systems and process improvement to maintain equipment in the field month after month.   • Oversee logistics of the department: work orders, scheduling, shipping and planning of team and service tickets using ERP systems software programs. • Direct a network of field staff to monitor equipment performance, including start-up, training, and ongoing maintenance. Promote regular and ongoing opportunities for all staff to give feedback on operations.  • Lead a high performing team by further developing and implementing recruitment, training, and retention strategies for New Dealers.  • Provide effective and inspiring leadership, as well as stewardship, by being actively involved in all dealer programs and Silver Bullet products and services.  • Interact and communicate with dealers, building engineers and maintenance personnel to offer technical advice when problems arise. Function as an informational/technical source to all company departments; follow management directives and provide relevant feedback • Prepare and submit an annual operational budget to the CEO and CFO for review and approval, manage effectively within this budget, and report accurately on progress made and challenges encountered. • Ensure the continued financial viability of Silver Bullet’s program/service units through sound financial management. Provide product and process leadership and input for all strategic planning processes with the CEO and management team.  • Ensure that all activities operate consistently and ethically within the mission and values of Silver Bullet. • In collaboration with the Senior Management Team, represent Silver Bullet with external constituency groups, including community, government, and private organizations.  Qualifications • At least 10 years of professional experience overall, with a minimum of five years of senior-leadership experience supervising seasoned staff operating multiple human services programs across a wide geography.   • Solid educational background including an undergraduate degree in Water Management, Fluid Mechanics, Environmental Engineering and an MBA or similar advanced degree. • Strong relationship builder and communicator with experience leading diverse work teams, developing an organization-wide strategy for program excellence, engaging Dealer partners, and partnering with a CEO and board of directors. • Ability to point to tangible experience of reporting and program measurement and evaluation. • Demonstrates integrity, strives for excellence in her/his work, and has experience of leading others to new levels of effectiveness and program impact. • Passionate about Silver Bullet’s mission and able to promote and communicate the philosophy, mission and values of Silver Bullet to external and internal stakeholders. • Ability to travel 50% of the time to provide on-site leadership for multi-state operating units and programs. • Experience in water treatment industry and/or chemical water treatment industry will definitely be an asset  Salary & Benefits: We offer a competitive benefit package: • Competitive Salary • Health Insurance, 401k • Flex-Time: Paid vacation, time off/sick pay and Holidays  Company Description: Located in North Denver/Stapleton: Silver Bullet Water Treatment is committed to providing building owners and managers with the most cost effective and environmentally responsible water treatment solutions for cooling towers available on the market.  Aside from cooling towers, the Silver Bullet is also being commercially used for agricultural services, including livestock drinking water.  Treating drinking water for livestock allows the animals to drink more water and stay healthier due to the dramatic reduction of bacteria in the water. The company’s proprietary, proven electro-chemical water treatment system virtually eliminates microorganisms and scale formation, without the use of any added harmful chemicals. Silver Bullet’s technology is successfully operating in office buildings, hospitals, data centers, hotels, convention centers, factories and dairy, poultry and pig farms throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico.  Silver Bullet recognizes the importance of monthly water treatment testing. We work closely with water treaters across the country to provide quality testing services for our customers. Silver Bullet is headquartered in Denver, Colorado. Visit us at www.example.com.
1286:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Kiva Systems, Inc. is a rapidly growing Boston-based robotics company that is revolutionizing supply chain operations. Our customers are large retailers, catalog operators, e-commerce and other companies that ship products to consumers, businesses and retail stores.  Kiva Systems is seeking a seasoned professional with a solid track record of managing projects within a high volume, high growth manufacturing operations environment. The Project Manager must be committed to employ project management best practices and principles in all project management knowledge areas. The PM must possess sound experience in planning, monitoring, tracking project progress, reviewing organization project plans, proactively identifying issues and developing solutions, facilitating cross team coordination, and determining work prioritization. The PM must also have the ability to synthesize and interpret programmatic goals and standards into effective business requirements. Experience managing highly technical new product introduction activities and operational improvement projects. Responsibilities:  • Lead the cross functional project team consisting of Supply Chain, Production, Technical Operations and Quality departments as needed to insure the timely and effective release of products developed by the R&D team. In addition, lead improvement and production ramp readiness projects.  • Facilitation and documentation of meetings with various stakeholders, SMEs, and multi-discipline project teams.  • Work with the New Products PMO organization to drive NPI programs through the appropriate stage gate checkpoints required to successfully deliver projects on-time.  • Work effectively with manufacturing management and respond to their needs in a timely manner, handling stressful situations as required.  • Develop holistic project solutions that exceed the expectations, regardless of effort required.  • Define, develop, maintain and publishing project plans.  • Work with the assigned functional leaders to track and coordinate all program deliverables, highlighting key program risks and putting plans in place to mitigate those risks, providing regular reports/updates on program status.  • Ensure operational readiness to launch with all committed program deliverables in place in accordance with the approved project plan and scope.  • Develop indicators & performance management metrics and use to continually improve process   Qualifications: • 10 years of complex project management experience within a hardware development and manufacturing company  • BS degree in Engineering, Manufacturing or related field • PMP Certification a plus • Lean Six Sigma training and experience  • Solid teamwork and interpersonal skills, with the ability to communicate and work with internal teams, and management at all levels and thrive in a cross-functional environment.  • Excellent oral and written communications; an ability to present and discuss technical information in a way that establishes rapport, persuades others, and gains understanding no matter the level of audience.  • Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Windows Office Suite products including Visio and SharePoint.  • Advanced knowledge of MS Project to document tasks, establish dependencies, assign resources, and track progress.  • Experience working as a PM in a Project Management Office.  • Experience managing new product introduction projects cross functionally within Manufacturing organization  • Experience with high growth dynamic rapidly changing environment  • Conflict management skills including the ability to work with and resolve conflicting needs and requirements • The ability to prioritize in the face of multiple project demands 
1290:5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job supervising-job bs-degree-needed	_Exciting New Opportunity for QA Candidates - TOP SECRET CLEARANCE REQUIRED_  *Job Description* Our Client is an information technology company headquartered in Northern Virginia that provides innovative business solutions to a variety of Federal Government, Department of Defense, State & Local Government and Commercial clients.  Our Client offers competitive compensation, exceptional benefits, continuing education and training, 401K matching, and a unique opportunity to grow in your career.  *Specialized Experience* At least 5 years of combined new and related older technical experience in the Quality Assurance  IT field directly related to the required area of expertise.   *Duties* * Develops testing strategy and test plans * Coordinates and manages a team of testers who create test cases from Use Case documentation * Implements test cases using repeatable techniques and tools * Determines the resources, tools, training, and effort required for the entire quality control process * Responsible to ensure procedures, appropriate training, and exit criteria are established to maintain the appropriate level of quality throughout the project life cycle * Routinely conduct formal and informal reviews at pre-determined points throughout the development life cycle * Works with project manager to identify system weakness and problem areas   *Education* BA/BS or 5 years of direct related experience can be substituted in lieu of a degree  *Experience* Must have 5+  years of experience in the IT field.  •Must be a US citizen or permanent resident. •Please no Corp-to-corp or 1099 candidates; this position is W-2 only. •Relocation will not be offered. •EEO/AA employer. Female, minority, veterans and disabled candidates are encouraged to apply . •Applicants selected may be subject to a government security investigation and should be able to meet eligibility requirements for a Top Secret clearance.  *APPLY DIRECTLY* www.example.com   
1293:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	The National ProStart Coordinator is the primary contact for all ProStart audiences, and has an overall understanding of all dimensions of the ProStart program.  The National ProStart Coordinator will be the initial national “contact” for the state ProStart coordinators and ProStart educators, and will serve as a sounding board for them.  Every state is managed in its own unique and dynamic way; it will be the National ProStart Coordinator’s job to understand the nuances, dynamics and needs for support from state to state.      • Provide professional, critical customer care and support of State Restaurant Association (SRA) ProStart leadership and ProStart educators. • Serve as the operational SRA program point person, including; answering general ProStart program and curriculum logistical and technical questions, monitoring ProStart specialized systems and processes related to exam(s) administration, content development and maintenance of educator resources and ProStart state leadership resources, provide individual State Invitational support, monitor ProStart program statistics and reporting, oversee Certificate of Achievement administration, help facilitate partnerships with relevant outside organizations. • Assist with operations of the National ProStart Invitational event and logistical details with NRAEF Events team, facilitate communications with state coordinators and others participating in the Invitational.  Assist with the facilitation of the National ProStart Invitational Management and Culinary Competition logistics, manage competition rules and other related Invitational duties as assigned. • Program sponsor support – identify and facilitate opportunities to integrate sponsor companies and organizations into the ProStart program nationally and ensure program meets sponsorship commitments.  Coordinate both national event and local event engagement with ProStart schools, educators and students. • Manage forward planning of key ProStart events and related logistical support; assist in the development of Roundtable agendas and facilitate all pre-event and post event communication, identify and organize ad hoc committee functions, drive, support the management and execution of all  event logistics related to ProStart state leadership Roundtables, Educator Excellence Awards, and support additional program meeting needs as assigned.  Secondary Duties: • Works on special projects and other duties as required helping to promote department’s success. • Manage relationships with outside consultants and vendors as necessary. • Provide staff support for appropriate Board committees as appropriate.  • Perform other duties as assigned. Extended work hours as needed.  Position Specifications:  Essential Use of Following Tools:  • Computer • Printer  Essential Experience:  • Bachelor’s degree preferred, plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience in the organization or  a comparable setting, demonstrating development through involvement in a series of progressively more demanding and relevant work roles.   • Must be proficient with Microsoft Office, and have experience using database software; prior experience using donor data base, specifically iMIS, software strongly preferred. MS Access, MS Excel, MS SharePoint experience is helpful. Demonstrated critical thinking skills to analyze data and to create strategies for overall fundraising objectives and ability to provide written assessment required.  Essential Skills/Knowledge:  • Understand and drive procedures and support systems, and the ability not only to order the allocated workload but also to react to changing priorities and while under pressure • Strong interpersonal, diplomacy, persuasiveness, assertiveness and diplomacy skills • Strong organizational skills and attention to detail • Ability to manage time effectively and multiple projects simultaneously  • Plan and coordinate their own work, normally over weeks and months ahead with an awareness of the activities of other team members or departments/groups.   • Ability to work as part of a team and to work independently • Have a consistently high level of personal responsibility and initiative and are required to respond independently to questions.  Adheres to deadlines • Is a dynamic participant and contributor to the program team. • Uses judgment to deal with daily issues and concerns with limited guidance from supervisor. • Ability to perform analysis, research, writing and project coordination, under direction of a Sr. Specialist, Manager or Director.   Essential Mental Requirements: • Must be able to work as an integral part of the National Restaurant Association Educational Foundation Team • Must be able to maintain good rapport with all departments • Must be able to cope within a fast-paced work environment • Must be able to manage multiple projects with minimal supervision  • Must be able to understand the importance of the position for the success of the business • Ability to accept changes and be flexible • Be on time and with a minimal amount of absence • Must be able to act with honor, character and integrity
1294:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job	We're a growing group practice opening a beautiful new office in Kent Station soon. We are looking for a dynamic Office manager to help us open this office.     Requirements:  Previous five years of dental experience, prefer dental assisting experience but will consider front office experience or management. This position will require marketing efforts for the new office as well as talents in building a strong patient base.    Excellent doctor to work with and a great opportunity. This is fulltime position with great benefits package including 401k. Please send your resume for consideration.   
1305:salary supervising-job	Spa Manager Hand & Stone Massage and Facial Spa – Palm Harbor, FL 34684 Franchise Massage & Facial Spa has a new opening for a SPA MANAGER in its Palm Harbor location. Applicants must have previous management experience in a spa or retail environment to apply.  Job Title: Spa Manager Department: Management  Summary- Manages massage and facial spa engaged in providing the highest quality services possible to clientele. Success is measured in customer satisfaction, membership acquisitions, revenue and other performance metrics. The manager achieves the spa's goals by performing the following duties personally or through subordinate supervisors.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following:  (Note- Other duties may be assigned at any time and all are deemed vital to the success of the spa.)  - Values, demonstrates and upholds Hand & Stone Vision - Responsible for achieving the weekly, monthly and yearly goals for the spa - Ensures every customer has the best possible spa experience - Focuses daily on performance metrics to meet spa goals  - Demonstrates the ability to \"lead by example\" by consistently showing the staff how business should be conducted and coaching staff to achieve the spa's goals. - Recruitment and retention of MA's, MT's and EST's. - Plans and prepares work schedules and assigns employees to specific duties while granting special attention to traffic patterns - Responsible for inventory control, loss prevention and product ordering - Ensures compliance of employees with established security, sales, and recordkeeping procedures and practices. - Answers customer's complaints or inquiries always seeking to satisfy the customer and protect the reputation of the spa. - Communicate with staff through publication and posting board - Be the last, best option for all spa emergencies - Train, coach, assess and progressively improve the entire staffing team to always strive beyond current production.  Work schedule is variable based on the retail environment including all shifts, weekdays or weekends and some holidays.  Compensation is salary based on experience ranging from $26000 - $31200 plus monthly bonuses based on spa performance. A manager who is reaching the goals for the spa will be paid $40,000 or more annually.  Interested applicants should email their resume and cover letter in response to this posting. Please include Spa Manager in the subject line of your response. 
1318:licence-needed salary supervising-job full-time-job	Incredible Associate Dentist opportunity in Lafayette,LA! We seek a full time dentist needed for for established patient base  with a modern design, This office offers new, state of the art equipment. Digital Panoramic, , diagnodent, Caesey and so much more. Huge number of  existing and new patients!  Generous guaranteed salary to start with tremendous earning potential. Doctor Benefits included Health Insurance, 401K, Guaranteed salary to start then paid on percentage plus profit sharing.
1332:supervising-job	SUMMARY  Directs Clinical and Administrative aspects of Home Care Department to ensure that quality services are delivered to member/ consumers in keeping with the mission of assisting seniors to remain at home.    DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES    •Develops Home Care division business plan and coordinates implementation of goals in conjunction with organization-wide initiatives.  •Prepares the annual budget for the approval of the Governing Body.  •Directs daily business operations and implements financial policies, accounting and cost controls.  •Provides leadership in the development of objectives, standards of care, policies and procedures affecting the programs of Surrey Services  Home Care    •Manages efforts to achieve and maintain state licensure as Home Care agency.  •Develops policies and procedures that guide departmental process and fulfill legal and regulatory requirements. Ensures compliance with federal and state regulations or other applicable laws.  •Evaluates contracts with state and governmental bodies, referral networks, and other agencies to determine which would be beneficial to the organization.  Ensures compliance with contract requirements.  •Responsible for overall management of reporting staff (RNs, Office Manager, Companions and volunteers), including hiring process, staff evaluations, counseling, reward and termination of staff.   •Provides operational supervision and assistance in the provision of home services:  Supports RN office staff to conduct phone interviews to screen prospective members; provide assessment of member needs; schedule and staff cases; and offer referral to community services when appropriate.  •Troubleshoots difficult member situations, follows up on serious complaints and communicates these to Executive Director.  •Oversees RN Care Management services to members requiring ongoing assessments, coordination and communication between family, providers and members, assistance in preparing for MD visits, specific health interventions, crisis intervention, and referral as needed.  •Facilitates case conference meetings (as needed) with agency personnel to facilitate coordination of services.  •Makes decisions regarding financial aid for Home Care members and ensures that financial assessments are completed and letters mailed to members.  •Responsible for administrative functions in collaboration with finance and marketing departments, including: marketing and development, planning, budgeting and financial reporting, risk management, and client related health insurance.  •Develops extensive training program in compliance with State regulations for all medical and non-medical Home Care staff. Promotes the planning, implementation and evaluation on in-service and continuing education programs.  •Oversees the QA program as oversight for all Home Care members and ongoing competency evaluation of Home Care staff.   •Develops tools and implements strategies for program evaluation.  •Works collaboratively with other directors providing an interdisciplinary member centered delivery of services.  •Ensures optimal use of all operational tools, such as HomeTrak system.  •Develops presentations and educational offerings to members and to the community regarding issues of interest to the older community.     •Promotes Surrey Home Care in community with positive, professional, friendly manner and pursues new opportunities and relationships to enhance good public relations. Establishes and maintains an ongoing public relations program and a marketing plan to increase community awareness of services provided, improve relations with physicians, and other potential referral sources and other care providers to increase revenues and maintain quality service.  •Creates and sustains pleasant and nurturing environment for staff, members, volunteers, etc.    Surrey does not discriminate against persons based on race, color, sex, creed, national origin,  disability, or age. Surrey is an Equal Opportunity Employer.   Interested and qualified candidates can please send cover letter and resume with salary  requirements to the attention of Joanne Powell. 
1337:supervising-job	Lasership is a regional leader in delivery services with operations spreading across 10 states and the District of Columbia. Visit us at www.example.com.  Our company is seeking a Fleet Compliance representative for our NC, GA and southern VA operations. This position does require some traveling accross these states.  Job Description:  This is a support position that consists in making sure that the company drivers, vehicles and driver support staff perform their duties according to Company policies, Customer expectations, DOT regulations, and Federal and State laws . The scope of responsibilities is broad, but includes the following:  - Serve as a primary liason between local delivery personel and the VA based corporate office. - Assist in resolving all disputes with drivers in the areas of compensation, delivery procedures, customer complaints, etc... - Monitor driver approval process with regards to Driving records, Drug testing, Vehicle insurance, Compensation agreements, etc... - Ensure that client specific delivery procedures and policies are met by driver fleet. - Provide support to local branches in the transportation compliance area (training provided). - Identify and report process deficiencies to the Corporate office and suggests amendments to company policies. - Monitor and Report all possible deficiencies, liabilities, disputes, and incidents to the corporate office. - Maintain a positive professional relationship with coworkers.  Job Requirements:  - Ability to maintain good work ethic and discipline under limited supervision - Intermediate skill level using Excel, MS Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, and the Internet. - Ability to work effectively in a multi-cultural environment. - Ability to successfully communicate - Ability to draft professional department/company correpondance with clients and government entities - Ability to prioritize and multi-task. - Must demonstrate sound business judgment and decision-making skills.  We offer a competitive benefits package including paid holidays, health/dental/vision coverage and a 401(k) plan.  Please send resume and salary requirements for consideration. This position will require you to pass a criminal background check.
1339:salary supervising-job full-time-job	Overview: Operational responsibility for of high volume small parcel next-day-delivery Distribution Company.   Company:  LaserShip provides businesses with mission-critical, time-sensitive delivery and distribution solutions including B2B product distribution and e-commerce package delivery.  Now over 25 years old and the east coast's largest regional parcel delivery company, LaserShip's offices stretch from Boston to Miami.   The Fleet Manager Role would be responsible for recruiting, contracting, orienting and monitoring  performance of independent contractors delivering small parcels.  Previous experience in recruiting or managing in an IC labor operation is preferred but not necessary.  Must have strong communication skills, high attention to detail and be process oriented.     Fleet Manager hours are 9AM-6PM     Mon-Fri           Strong background in Public Relations, Marketing, some sales experience a plus but not required.   Strong interview skills a must, friendly, outgoing and a proactive personality all a plus.   Salary DOE   All position require a background and drug screen.   EOE
1340:supervising-job bs-degree-needed full-time-job	This position involves overseeing all delivery personnel related activities with a focus on compliance issues. The Compliance Manager position is essential to reducing the company's business liability and losses.  The ideal candidate will demonstrate his/her ability to quickly assimilate client expectations as well as company policies and culture.  Job Description  - Oversee, enhance and enforce delivery personnel compliance in areas o driver security clothing, identification, delivery vehicle appearance and other customer specific expectations.  - Closely monitor the driver Drug and Alcohol testing processes including account specific requirements and DOT pre-employment and random testing.  - Administer and oversee driver contracts, files and approval process to include motor vehicle checks and criminal background investigations.  - Educate driver fleet and branch employees on DOT related compliance issues (Medical Certificates, hours of service, and various updates to transportation law.  - Oversee driver recruitment advertising and ensure a constant flow of qualified applicant to the terminals. This will involve familiarizing oneself with online employment services and tailoring a comprehensive recruitment strategy.  - General understanding on the Independent Contractor labor model and how it differs from the employee model.  - Investigate and resolve all driver related disputes to include commission discrepancies, customer complaints, delivery mishaps etc...  - Maintain and enhance the department's relationship with all vendors and perform monthly billing audits to ensure accuracy.  Qualifications  - Ability to work in a fast paced environment while making sound decisions.  - Minimum required education level: Bachelor's degree.  This position requires undergoing and passing a criminal background check and drug screen. Lasership is an equal opportunity employer.
1341:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	MUST HAVE INDUSTRY EXPERIENCE IN TRANSPORTATION AND DISTRIBUTION The right candidate will have strategic thinking, business analysis, process development, negotiation, project management, problem solving, public presentation, and communication.     The Coordinator will play an integral role in the success of the company. Specifically, he or she will:       - Manage day-to-day relationships with our clients, developing and understanding of their service's needs.   - Optimize workflow within the company and between LASERSHIP and its clients to improve customer service experience and organizational efficiency.   - Collaborate with marketing department to retain and enhance our market share and relationship development with our current clients as well as competitor analysis.   We are seeking:     High energy, ambitious and opportunistic individual who thrives on building teams and growing a business   An excellent communicator and creative Thinker   Confident, sincere, credible and poised   Versatile and able to switch gears easily and manage his/her time well   Interested in developing long-term relationships with customers   Dedicated to putting the customer first   We offer:   Competitive benefits that include health insurance, dental, vision, life insurance & 401k.   Qualified Candidates MUST POSSES the following requirements for consideration:     Qualifications:     - 3-5 years of management experience   - Experience with hiring, training, motivating, disciplining and completing performance evaluations for employees   - Experience in process development, project management and problem solving   - Microsoft Office skills, with an emphasis on Excel.     All positions will require background investigations for criminal and drug tests.       EOE
1343:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job	SHIFT:  11p-7:30am M-F; 7p-7:30am e/o weekend with share of holidays    HOURS PER WEEK: 32    REQUIREMENTS/QUALIFICATIONS: BSN required/Masters degree in nursing, management, or health related field preferred. Hospital experience and Leadership knowledge, skills and attributes. ACLS and BLS required. 3-5 years of experience required.    PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: Considerable walking, standing, lifting, reaching, bending, and moving of patients and equipment.    ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: Responsible and accountable for providing leadership, coordination and management of personnel and assumes responsibility for hospital administration functions on the off-shifts. Interprets departmental policies and procedures for all personnel.  Responsibilities include administrative admission liaison, clinical resource, staffing consultant, critical care triage team member and role model and mentor for staff.
1344:bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	We are looking for an Experienced *Senior Operational Risk Analyst* to join our Operational Risk Management Team in Rosemont, Illinois. In this position you will be responsible for facilitating and overseeing the Outsourcing Risk Managment Program and creating and implementing a process risk assessment program.     *ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: *    * Facilitate and oversee multiple projects related to assessing and mitigating vendor risk.     * Develop and implement a process risk assessment program, leading to identifying internal controls improvements to mitigate operational risk     * Be the Outsourcing Risk subject matter expert and mentor vendor owners with risk assessments and due diligence processes to mitigate risk.       * Collaborate with business line managers and Ops Risk colleagues to define and establish key risk indicators to effectively monitor and predict increasing risk conditions     *  Collaborate with business line managers to create action plans to improve internal controls and mitigate increasing risk conditions.      * Implement an effective monitoring framework to measure business lines' compliance with the vendor risk management policy; periodically conduct vendor risk reviews.      * Support bank initiatives through risk analysis of new new products, recommend risk mitigation solutions, and monitor/report control implementation progress and results.     *Additional Requirements/Skills: *    * Extremely detail oriented with excellent organizational, follow-up, and analytical skills.     *  Effectively plan and execute multiple projects at once, meeting established deadlines, within budget and achieving overall project objectives.     *  Thorough understanding of risks presented by outsourcing relationships, and the regulatory and industry practices to identify, manage, and monitor risk.     * Thorough understanding of the banking industry products, delivery channels, and payment processing systems.     *  Applied knowledge of operational processes and industry best practices of internal controls to minimize operational losses.     *  Applied knowledge of developing/redesigning processes and measuring effectiveness and efficiency.     *  Understanding of operational risk mitigation-related regulations and guidelines for the banking industry.     *  Excellent writing skills with experience in developing and documenting policies and procedures, management reports and presentations.     *  Advance knowledge of Microsoft Excel, Powerpoint and Word.     *  Effectively plan and execute multiple projects at once, meeting established deadline, within budget and achieving overall project objectives.     *  Ability to define problems and propose solutions.     *ACADEMIC BACKGROUND AND EXPERIENCE: *    Bachelor degree   *  At least 5-8 years experience in bank operations or risk management, with increasing responsibilities and diverse experiences.     *PLEASE NOTE: *  Only candidates who do not require an H1B Visa sponsorship (or transfer of an existing H1B) can be considered for employment at this time.   Only candidates in the Chicagoland area will be considered at this time. Popular is not accepting third party solicitations for this posting. Please no calls from agencies or contract recruiters. Thank you for applying with Banco Popular!.   We are proud to be an EEO/AA employer M/F/D/V. We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.   Banco Popular North America     
1351:2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed full-time-job supervising-job	*Description* InTouch Mobile is looking for an exceptional sales-driven individual who wants a career in Management. We are looking for the best of the best to join one of the best companies in the wireless industry!!! InTouch Mobile leads T-Mobile in the Branded Southwest Region in 2013. The company consistently ranks in the top 10 in the nation and is consistently ranked #1 on most sales metrics.  As a Manager, you will go through an extensive training where you will learn not only the T-Mobile model for Management but the secrets to what led to InTouch Mobile becoming the #1 dealer in the region. InTouch Mobile is known for its company culture and sales through exceptional customer service. InTouch Mobile holds their Store Managers to the highest standards in operations and sales.    Candidate must be able to train and travel to various locations in the Los Angeles and Orange County market during training.   *DUTIES:*  - Oversee the operation of the store and manage all store sales staff - Ability to work long hours  - Become a wireless expert with extensive product and sales training knowledge to train your sales team by coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees  - Provide outstanding sales and service support for wide range of customers that walk in the door of your retail location  - Exceed personal and team sales goals by planning, monitoring, and appraising sales.  - Secure and maintain inventories  - Plan various methods of marketing by studying trends, advertising, sales promotion  - Maintain a safe and clean store environment to protect team members and customers  - Motivate and inspire your team to reach and maintain the monthly sales quota  - Comply with legal requirements to maintain the stability of the store by enforcing operational and personnel policies and procedures  - Available full-time with flexible schedule including evenings, weekends, and holidays  - Position involves extensive standing, lifting, bending and stooping  - Other duties as assigned   *QUALIFICATIONS:*  - Must have minimum three years retail or sales experience   - *Must have three years management experience*  - Excellent interpersonal, organizational and sales skills  - Availability for flexible scheduling including evenings, weekends and holidays  - Professionalism and business ethic  - Interpersonal and communication skills  - Self-motivated and ability to motivate others  - Basic computer skills  - Bachelor’s Degree required - Bilingual in Spanish preferred
1354:supervising-job salary	Begin your professional career working directly with adjudicated males, ages 13 to 17, at our 140 acre residential facility near Ligonier, PA.  We are an activity-based, intensive residential treatment program in which staff are participating in sports, weight lifting, and running on a daily basis.  The position is “live-in” -- meaning the staff live at the facility for 7 days and then have the following 7 days off.   The primary duty of this position is to provide a positive role model while participating in the physically intensive activities and also ensure that activities are completed by all students, assisting each student throughout the process.   Candidates must possess the following: * Be at least 21 years of age * Valid Driver’s license * Clean driving record * The ability to secure a satisfactory criminal record check * The ability to secure a satisfactory ChildLine clearance * The ability to secure satisfactory references  Benefits include: *  Making a difference in the lives of adjudicated boys ages 13 to 17 *  Annual compensation of $27,500 *  Work 7 days on 7 days off.  That’s 26 weeks off per year! *  Health Benefits at no cost to the employee include life insurance for employee plus medical and dental insurance for employee, spouse and dependents. *  Opportunity for growth Please email resume and cover letter for consideration.  Thank you.
1360:supervising-job associate-needed 1-year-experience-needed	Global Village Preschool (www.example.com) is now hiring a VPK LEAD TEACHER. Applicant must have prior teaching experiences using a hands-on approach; preferably experienced in teaching: the Reggio Emilia approach and/or High Scope curriculum. Must have the VPK LEAD TEACHER REQUIREMENTS. *IMMEDIATE OPENING FOR LEAD VPK FULL TIME TEACHER*  Must also meet the minimum requirements outlined:  Teacher: Associate in Arts Degree/60 college degree required with a minimum of 12 college credits in early childhood or CDA. CPR certified Preferred. 45 DCF hours required. A minimum of two year classroom experience preferred. Be able to lift 40 pounds. Must be able to conduct instruction in ENGLISH.
1361:2-4-years-experience-needed salary bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Josh Lorando, State Farm Agency 4200 Canal St Suite C New Orleans, LA 70119 Find us on Facebook at Josh Lorando - State Farm Agent  Growing, local, Mid City New Orleans State Farm Agency, is expanding the sales team. The Josh Lorando State Farm Agency is currently adding a licensed team member to the Account Management Team.  Position Overview: The Agency Account Manager has two major responsibilities: 1.) Consistent growth in all products and services offered by State Farm and the agency 2.) Manage customer retention with current and new clients.     Qualifications: -LA Property & Casualty and/or Life & Health License required   -Bachelors Degree  -Minimum 2 years outside/inside sales or management experience -Outside AND Inside sales and management skills required.  -Ability to understand territory, market, and company products and policy to develop marketing efforts and leverage sales opportunities -Strong organizational, communication, and business planning skills  -Ability to excel and exceed in a goal oriented environment -A high degree of flexibility in adapting to a rapidly changing environment  -Excellent interpersonal skills to effectively work with many diverse customers  -Excellent presentation skills to engage and meet the needs of various audiences  -Candidate must add value to our agency team  Compensation: -Legitimate $50-$70k Annual earning potential -Base Salary negotiable based on licenses and experience -Premium based monthly product commissions  -Quarterly profit sharing bonuses -Annual Profit Sharing Bonus -Select Benefits and Retirement options
1369:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	*P3 Voith Aerospace Ltd.* headquartered in Montreal is a leading edge consulting and engineering company. Our core competencies can be found in management consulting, interim project management, engineering and technical publication services. As a joint venture between the P3 Group and the Voith Group, we employee more than 1,000 consultants and engineers worldwide, we currently work with large clients in the aerospace sector.   Our main clients are the leading OEM’S of the North American aerosapce industry including their adjacent suppliers. Our engineering projects are rolled out in close interaction with our customer. Besides our technical expertise, P3 is known for our state-of-the-art project management approach. For more information on the company, please visit www.example.com  To backup our aviation division we are currently hiring highly motivated professionals with the ambition to work as a true team player. Interest in sharing knowledge and taking over responsibility when necessary is a prerequisite for working for P3. We are currently looking for engineers with experience in the aerospace industry with knowledge in Nastran/Patran and/or CATIA V4/V5 and experience in dealing with different cultures.  We are seeking the following candidates with relevant working experience of at least three years, however 10-20 years experience is preferred. Please no recent graduates.  *Positions currently available:*  • Aerospace Mechanical Engineers • Structural Engineers • Electrical System Installations (specifically electrical harness installation and electrical wiring) • Flight-Test Engineers • Systems Engineers • Stress Engineers  *Location: Relocation Necessary*  Common tasks for our aerospace engineers are the successful design and analysis of structural aircraft parts and systems, knowledge transfer within the engineering team as well as personal and open interaction with our customers and their suppliers. Successful candidates are extremely motivated, willing to work in an international environment and are able to work independently and make quick decisions in demanding situations.  *How to apply:* Please send your complete CV and cover letter in English via email to Gisela.Barrett(at)p3voith.com  Please remember to save your CV document under your first and last name before attaching it to your email.  Address the subject heading with the appropriate position provided above in which you are applying for and indicate earliest start date and desired salary.  Email:  Email: gisela.barrett(at)p3voith.com  P3 Voith Aerospace Ltd. 6500 Trans-Canadian Highway, Suite 400 Pointe-Claire, H9R 0A5
1378:salary supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Are you a hands-on professional eager to work in a fast-paced environment? Our Minneapolis-based client United Business Mail, a pre-sort business mail company, is looking for an experienced and dependable Office Manager for their Phoenix office. United Business Mail opened the Minneapolis based Operations Center in 1987. Starting simply with the presort of First Class letter mail, United Business Mail has evolved their service offerings to include First Class Letter Mail, Standard Letter Mail, First Class Flats, Standard Flats, Bound Printed Matter, small Parcels, metering services and much more. In 2007, United Business Mail combined forces with Valley Presort Services (Arizona) and in 2010 opened its third Operations Center in California.    General Job Description:  HR Administration: • Administer HR policies and procedures:  • Support the Operations Manager in the hiring process by reviewing resumes and applications to ensure they meet minimum requirements, ordering MVR’s and background checks;  • track completion of performance reviews;  • review time off requests, ensure time records accurately reflect time taken. • Ensure new hire paperwork (including Application form, w-4, I-9 and payroll-related information) is completed and submitted to the Corporate Office on a timely basis. • Maintain personnel files and records. • Work with the Operations Manager and Vice President - Finance to handle employee relations matters including discipline and discharge. • Ensure First Report of Injury form is completed and submitted on a timely basis in the event of a workplace injury. • Administer the benefits programs including new hire enrollment and annual open enrollment process.  Accounting: • Respond to inquiries made by management.  • Process paperwork: o Collect and submit all payables approved by the Operations Manager to Corporate Accounting. o Collect and submit all receivables to Corporate Accounting. o Report payroll data (e.g. approved time reports) to Corporate Accounting.  Office Administration: • Handle receptionist duties – answer phones and route calls, greet visitors. • Maintain files; make copies of documents. • Administer (and develop, as needed) office procedures to ensure an efficient, effective workflow. • Maximize office productivity through proficient use of appropriate software applications. • Maintain contact with customers and vendors.  Negotiate and manage contracts with vendors. • Complete special projects as directed by the Operations Manager.  Facilities: • Troubleshoot technology-related or facilities-related issues and resolve them. • Manage the purchasing and maintenance of office supplies and equipment. • Ensure that the facilities are clean and well maintained.    Key Reporting/Working Relationships:  • Position reports to the VP – Finance and the Operations Manager • Sales • Operations • Corporate Office staff  Key Results Expected:  • Timely handling of day-to-day activities – meeting deadlines • Timely and accurate submission of financial/accounting data • Smooth, efficient office operations – own the issues and resolve them • G & A expenses at or below budget  Education and Experience:  At least five years of experience in office management and HR in the service sector.  Experience working in a small, privately-owned business strongly preferred.  Knowledge, Skills and Competencies: • Ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing, with Spanish-speaking staff • Ability to work effectively with a diverse group of people • Proficiency in Microsoft Office • Excellent written and verbal communication skills • Ability to effectively manage a variety of tasks • Strong problem solver • Assertive • Well organized – ability to effectively prioritize competing requests • Flexible. • Strong analytical skills. • Self-motivated team player.  • Strong attention to detail and accuracy  • Deadline driven  • Customer service focused • Employee relations skills – knowledge of HR compliance • Demonstrated collaborative working relationships • Proactive and driven to achieve and implement continuous improvements in processes, procedures   We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package.   If you are an effective, self-directed Office Manager with proven experience, please send your resume and salary requirements to us - please do not contact United Business Mail directly.  An Equal Opportunity Employer
1380:full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	Position:   Director, Intake Department:   Patient Services  Objective The Director, Intake is responsible for  Front End Operations, which includes Intake Prep, Insurance Verification and exception processing for referral/order processing in order to ensure superior service to our patients and providers.  Responsibilities include staffing, training, scheduling, guidance, work flow, and overall enhancement of the team’s processes and procedures.  Relationships Reports to:  Vice President, Patient Services Supervises:  Intake Prep, Insurance Verification, and Exception processing Supervisors/Leads/techs  Educational Qualifications Bachelor’s Degree in related field or equivalent combination of education and experience  Competencies Required for Effective Performance • Minimum 5 years of related experience in health care • Minimum 5 years of supervisory/management experience • Experience in insurance reimbursement and medical business office procedures required • Ability to provide outstanding internal and external customer service • Excellent organization and prioritization skills; ability to adjust priorities as necessary • Strong analytical and problem-solving skills  • Excellent computer skills • Superior project management skills; Ability to coordinate several projects concurrently • Ability to quickly learn and retain new information • Ability to train and develop workforce • Ability to build professional relationships with team members while maintaining fairness and consistency  • Ability to effectively utilize the skills of each team member to benefit the team • Ability to promote a teamwork culture and effectively resolve problems between members if needed • Ability to communicate in a clear, concise, understandable manner, and listen attentively to others, understand material, and provide instructions to employees • Highly self-motivated and detail-oriented • Focused on continuous quality improvement  Principal Tasks • Plan, direct, motivate, and supervise the activities of the Intake Prep, Insurance Verification, and Exception Processing teams  • Guide and counsel teams to ensure excellent service to patients • Assist in the recruitment and hiring of the best qualified applicants to meet departmental needs  • Train and develop new team members • Oversee team members’ compliance with established policies and standards • Maintain strong internal control procedures in order to safeguard company assets • Ensure compliance with state and federal regulations relative to billing and collections • Effectively communicate policy and procedure changes to team members • Assist in the solution of problems that affect the service, efficiency, and productivity of the team • Evaluate systems, policies, and procedures, and drive changes through the necessary pipelines • Evaluate employee performance on a regular basis • Execute alongside teams when the need arises • Resolve difficult issues regarding client complaints and other issues 
1381:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Trinity Property Consultants is seeking a Maintenance Manager  Trinity is committed to equal opportunity in employment. We offer a safe, healthy work environment for employees through a commitment to maintaining a drug-free workplace.  Must have 2 years experience managing 300 units or more.  As a Maintenance Supervisor, you’ll play a vital role with the onsite team contributing to budget control, resident retention and owner satisfaction. Our Maintenance Supervisors are the strength of our apartment communities. They’re responsible for keeping our communities in the top-notch condition our residents have come to expect, building motivated and trustworthy teams who consistently deliver a notably higher level of service to our residents. Be ready to be busy!   Responsibilities:   • Ensure that the physical aspects of the property meet the company's established standards and any applicable laws.  • Lead and manage the on-site maintenance staff and participates in the diagnosis of problems and repairs in areas such as HVAC, electrical, plumbing, pool, carpentry, dry walling, exterior structural, and appliance.  • Support the Business Manager in meeting property budget and being proactive in expense control.  • Work with and develop relationships with third party vendors as necessary on projects that are not able to be handled by the on-site maintenance staff  • Keep abreast of new city and state governmental regulations and restrictions concerning maintenance procedures and/or health, safety and environment.  • Provide leadership and/or assist leasing and management staff as necessary in emergency situations.   Personal Competencies:   • High-energy  • “Roll up your sleeves” mentality  • Warm, friendly and service-oriented philosophy  • High degree of flexibility and tolerance for change  • Ability to train, develop, lead and mentor  • Superior written and verbal communications skills  • Organized and detail-oriented  • Customer-service focused   Qualifications:   • Minimum of a high school diploma or equivalent  • 2+ years of on-site property management/facility maintenance experience 300 units or more • Excellent oral and written communication skills  • Must be knowledgeable of OSHA regulations  • Experience in supervisory role and managing staff  • Must have a valid driver’s license and be able to drive  • Must be willing to work evenings or weekends (on call) in the case of an emergency   For a head start please send your resume to example@example.com
1386:salary ms-or-phd-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Sr. Scientist,  Cell-Based Assay Development - San Diego, CA    Responsibilities:    • Develop, optimize, and implement cell-based biological activity assays for viral vector products.  • Qualify and validate assays for Quality Control and product release  • Stability testing to meet product and regulatory requirements  • Work with patient samples and  mammalian cell cultures  •  Generate protocols and coordinate experiments  •  Analyze and interpret test results  • Provide recommendations for test results  •  Communicate results in scientific presentations, written reports and peer-reviewed publications.   • Serve as an company expert in bioassay development  • Identify new bioassay methods and technology  Qualifications  • PhD degree in biochemistry,  cellular biology, molecular biology, or related field   • 5+ years experience in cell signaling pathways   • A minimum of 5 years post-doctoral experience in bioassay methods   • Extensive hands-on experience in a range of assays  • Experience developing and validating assays according to regulatory requirements  • Experience in potency assay development for late phase or licensed biological products.   • Laboratory experience ELISA, cell-based assays, and IHC staining.   • Experience determining parallelism in bioassays  • Experience using statistical methods to optimize assays  • Experience in quality control and/or applying statistical design of experiments, developing databases and working knowledge of USP bioassay sections.  • Ability to train and supervise others.   • Excellent communication and interpersonal skills.   • Ability to work independently and lead cross-functional teams.     Keywords:  Ph.D, bioassay, immunoassay, cell biology, biologic, neurodegenerative, assay development, immunological    Competitive salary, cutting edge technology, exceptional benefits and relocation package available.  
1390:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	BECOME ONE OF OUR STARS    Montblanc is a producer of exclusive products such as watches, jewelry, writing instruments, and fine leather goods which reflect the outstanding standard in culture, quality, tradition and craftsmanship. Montblanc is represented in 35 boutiques in the United States and 350 boutiques across the world.    We are seeking an experienced Boutique Manager to work in our Avenutra Mall boutique.    Summary:   Execute and promote the Montblanc brand.    Primary responsibilities:   • Achieve sales budget and diversification targets    • Recruit, develop, and retain sales associates  • Maximize sales potential by coaching sales associate behaviors on the sales floor and in the back room  • Develop and review sales associate performance goals  • Create annual business plans  • Provide the highest levels of customer service to stimulate sales growth   • P & L management including monitoring and controlling boutique business expenses to improve results; manage controllable expenses  • Manage operational execution (Policy and Procedure)  • Ensure Loss Prevention policies and practices are being followed     Qualifications:  • At least 8+ years of retail management experience  • Affinity for luxury goods; watches and jewelry experience is a strong plus  • Demonstrated leadership abilities  • Ability to manage a P&L  • Strong clientelling skills  • Strong floor management skills  • Resourceful; problem solver  • Strong communicator  • High level of etiquette – business and social  • Highly customer oriented, results driven, goal oriented  
1402:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed licence-needed	Virginia's Hospice is hiring a DON/Clinical Director immediately. We are a family-owned and operated Hospice that is rapidly growing in the Montgomery County area. We also own a 16-bed assisted living facility. The DON would be based in our Willis office, with some field work as necessary for quality assurance purposes.   Candidates MUST have a minimum of 3-5 years of Hospice experience in a management setting, previous DON experience is preferred.  Virginia's Hospice offers a competitive base + bonus, and a full benefits package. -3 weeks of vacation -Zero deductible health insurance (Aetna) -Life insurance (100% paid for by the company)  Our main office is located in Willis, TX (a couple miles north of Conroe) and we serve the following areas. (We are in the beginning stages of opening an office in the Houston Medical Center)  The Woodlands Spring Tomball Willis Conroe Huntsville Trinity Cold Spring Centerville New Waverly Kingwood  We are also offering a $250 finders/referral fee if we hire a candidate that you send our way!! 
1411:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	*Job Title*    Fashion Retail General Manager   Seeking a person who is ready to own their own business    *Who We Are*    We are a very well known and established fashion goods marketing firm, having a store located on the trend-setting and desirable West Third Street in Los Angeles.    *Job Description*    *With a minimum of 5-7 years experience in the Fashion Retail industry...*    * Will attend industry buying events to create and buy assortment plans  * Bring existing clients to your new concept as loyal customers  * Establish, Plan and Drive store sales goals to achieve benchmarks in profitability  * Recruit, hire and train members of your staff on product knowledge, selling skills  * Create advertising campaigns that sets you apart from your competitors  * Expertise in Developing exclusive events to attract customers  * Foster a positive work environment that encourages ideas and innovation in staff  * Demonstrate ability to evaluate issues, establish priorities, adjust direction as necessary  * Our General Manger will be charged to elevate the existing concept to that of a must-see destination in fashionable living, *A Lifestyle Concept.       *We Offer*    * 25 years Experience and Enduring Relationships in Fashion Merchandising/Retailing  * History in building New Fashion Retail Concepts   * Enthusiasm and Encouragement - A Terrific Team to Partner and Collaborate with  * Open with more than 160 high end brands with buying terms in place  * A long-term lease agreement in a Prime, Trendy and Fast Growing Fashion District  * Fixtures, Operating Systems, All Business Systems and Devices in place and active  * Exceptional Retail Space ready to support your merchandising concept  * A Current Customer Contact list - Emails  * Funds to help with New Inventory and Assortments  * Funds to support your proposed marketing/advertising strategy  * Prepared to finance standard operating expenses      *Our Objectives*    * We are looking for an *experienced retail fashion marketing manager* who is ready to run his/her own shop.  Your Concept - Your Way!!    * We are seeking an entrepreneur with 5-7 years or more of experience in building and managing a profitable cutting-edge fashion retail, home goods and accessory business *A Destination Location - Must See Concept*    * We look to help you make YOUR ideas a reality - and YOUR personal desire for success a brilliant industry statement!!         *The Ideal Candidate*    *The ideal profile* is highly motivated, *5-7 years experience* in Fashion Goods Store Management or Ownership, with expertise in building large volume retail outlets.     *The perfect candidate* has been looking for the right opportunity to start his/her own business*     *Do you have the desire to make a name for yourself in Fashion Retail?*  Join us to become a partner in growth and profitability - We look forward to talking with you      
1422:salary supervising-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	We are accepting applications for a global leader in medical device sales for an outside b2b sales position. The Territory Account Manager position offers career growth opportunities, comprehensive product and in field sales training, base salary, aggressive commissions, bonus opportunity, 401K savings plan, full benefit package, and expense reimbursement.   Requirements:  • Bachelor's Degree   •  Minimum of two and a half years of documented outside sales success in a competitive sophisticated environment, preferably tangible products (i.e. telecommunications, office equipment, copiers, payroll systems, information systems)   • Evidence of top sales achievement with experience in multilevel account management is required.   • Valid Driver's License •       Ability to travel ( territory dependent.) • Hunter Mentality in outside sales in a b2b environment • High activity level, enthusiastic, self- motivated • 2 and a half years successful track record in a sales role  • Highly organized with strong attention to detail  • Customer focused -good listener • Team player and excellent communicator  • Computer literate  • Meet and exceed personal monthly sales objectives  Professional Attributes: : • High integrity • Customer focused • Excellent communication skills and ability to work with different personalities. • Flexible and adaptable to a rapidly changing environment • Able to work autonomously and excellent problem solver  • Self -starter  • Ability to multi-task
1426:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	We are currently recruiting for a construction project manager for a position here in Knoxville, TN. This person will be responsible for handling the management of fast -paced construction projects.    Duties for this position will include management oversight for all phases of the construction project, coordinating workers, material (staging all products before scheduled start date), and equipment. Ensuring that specifications are being followed and work is proceeding on schedule and within budget. Develop a cost-effective plan and schedule for completion of projects following a logical pattern for utilization of resources. Select and coordinate work of subcontractors working on various phases of the project. Oversees performance of all trade subcontractors and reviews architectural and engineering drawings to make sure that all specifications and regulations are being followed. The Construction Project Manager is responsible for proper administration of construction contracts and for obtaining all necessary permits and licenses. This includes any change orders and/or amendments. Supervises employees, reviews their reports of time on jobs, checks on any reported difficulties, and corrects any safety violations or other reported deficiencies. Tracks and controls construction schedule and associated costs to achieve completion of project within time and monies allocated. Reports to owners about progress and any necessary modifications of plans that seem indicated.    Requirements for this position are 3+ years of construction project management experience, construction management experience is a must with in depth understanding of construction disciplines to include plumbing, framing, concrete finishing. Must be able to work in the Microsoft Project program as well as all other MS Office products. Must have superior organizational skills with the ability to manage multiple projects remotely and simultaneously without sacrificing quality of work. Excellent written and verbal skills. Requires excellent negotiating, communication and interpersonal skills. Able to work well in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment. Team-oriented and ability to work in an integrated organization. Creative with a good visual \"eye\".    Email resume, cover letter, and salary requirements. 
1431:2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job supervising-job	BookStore Key Holder- Team Member (Venice Bookstore)  We're Seeking a Qualified BookStore Retail candidate.  Business education, retail operations including Point of Sales experience, customer relations and positive attitude, computer skills, book passion and knowledge, ability to work independently, open and close, interpersonal skills, and ability to work typical retail hours (days, nights and weekends) are important qualifications.  Ability to stand and move around for most of an 8-hour shift. Ability to develop and work effectively as part of a team with a friendly and positive attitude is key.  Position includes: - Competitive pay - 25% discount at all retail locations except location where you work. - Paid Time Off Plan - Life Insurance - Accidental Death & Dismemberment Insurance - Supplemental group term life insurance - 401k Annuity Savings Plan - Educational Assistance - Full time 40 hours a week - Plenty of room for growth and advancement  ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES - Responsible for greeting customers in a prompt, friendly and courteous manner, offering assistance to customers in locating or selecting merchandise with the goal of providing 100% customer delight. - Ensures effective operations to achieve financial goals. - Operates POS to ensure accurate and efficient sales data, price, and information codes on books. - Be aware of current trends, and popular titles to achieve the most donor value from each item - Plans, organizes and prioritizes store operational requirements - Complete store reports as needed - Perform all job duties necessary to providing a clean, safe, and pleasing environment to customers and associates by following company standards for safety and overall store appearance both inside and outside of the store - Oversees the off-loading and on-loading of inventory - Ensure retail store is compliant with all sales division procedures and agency policies & procedures. - Maintain established customer/donor service standards and resolve complaints as needed. - Plan and implement merchandising strategies - Ensure the store hours of operation are met and the proper procedures are followed for cash transactions and deposits. - Provides customer service in a positive, professional, and courteous manner. - Demonstrates excellent interpersonal skills such as courtesy, sensitivity, politeness, and thoughtfulness. - Demonstrates and promotes teamwork and cooperation. - Enforce all policies and procedures to ensure excellent customer service is provided  QUALIFICATIONS: - 2 + years retail experience - Vast knowledge and passion of books - Positive work history - Excellent verbal and written communication skills - Ability to supervise, direct, motivate, discipline staff as necessary - Ability to work well with the public. - Ability to work with minimal supervision. - Value diversity  We care about the people we employ. Please apply now if you wish to be part of a vibrant organization that is an innovative place to work, where employees are valued for their talents.  Equal Opportunity Employer • Location: Bradenton/Sarasota • Compensation: 10.00 Per Hour • Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster. • Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.
1432:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Looking for qualified Retail Store Management  If you enjoy a challenging, fast paced setting, and find the retail environment exciting then this salary Store Management position may be the job for you.     ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  ·         Manage the store staff and operations effectively to achieve financial goals.   ·         Manage an individual store ensuring labor, expenses and revenue goals are met within the approved budget  ·         Ensure labor is scheduled to meet customer service needs and complete operating activities  ·         Plans, organizes and prioritizes store operational requirements  ·         Complete store reports as needed   ·         Act as the primary resource for resolving problems.   ·         Perform all job duties necessary to providing a clean, safe, and pleasing environment to customers and associates by following company standards for safety  and overall store appearance both inside and outside of the store  ·         Oversees the off-loading and on-loading of materials from trailers to and from the Plant.   ·         Ensure retail store is compliant with all sales division procedures and agency policies & procedures.   ·         Maintain established customer/donor service standards and resolve complaints as needed.   ·         Plan and implement merchandising strategies   ·         Ensure the store hours of operation are met and the proper procedures are followed for cash transactions and deposits.   ·         Provides customer service in a positive, professional, and courteous manner.   ·         Hires and trains staff, delegates work assignments, assesses performance and provides feedback, coaching and counseling as appropriate to ensure a high level of productivity.    ·         Define staff development needs, and administers disciplinary action as required, up to and including termination.  ·         Demonstrates excellent interpersonal skills such as courtesy, sensitivity, politeness, and thoughtfulness.   ·         Demonstrates and promotes teamwork and cooperation.  ·         Enforce all policies and procedures to ensure excellent customer service is provided      QUALIFICATIONS:   ·         3 -5 years retail experience in a supervisory position  ·         High School diploma or equivalent. Undergraduate degree preferred  ·         Positive work history  ·         Excellent verbal and written communication skills  ·         Ability to supervise, direct, motivate, discipline staff as necessary  ·         Ability to work well with the public.  ·         Ability to work with minimal supervision.  ·         Value diversity  ·         Bilingual (Spanish) a plus   We care about the people we serve, and we care about the people we employ. Please apply now if you wish to be part of a vibrant organization that is an innovative place to work, where employees are valued for their talents.  - Competitive salary  - Health and Dental benefits.  - Paid Time Off Plan  - Life Insurance - Accidental Death & Dismemberment Insurance - Supplemental group term life insurance - 401k Savings Plan - Educational Assistance - Store Discount - Plenty of room for growth and advancement  Equal Opportunity Employer
1442:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	PLEASE COME TO OUR OPEN HOUSE ON THUR APRIL 24th, 2014, at 10AM Held at Workforce One Career Center 9 Bond Street Brooklyn, NY 11201   Sweet Career example@example.com for supervisors and Sales Associates at ALL of our NYC locations!!! (UES, UWS, Noho, Seaport, Brooklyn Heights, and Coney Island). **UES is also looking for an ASM!!  Who we are. . . It's at the intersection of attitude and fun. Just upstairs from irreverence, right down the hall from pleasure. A place that takes candy, and turns it into an experience. Where you can listen to the music as loud as you want, laugh at the top of your lungs, and dance if you feel like it. A place where the answer is always \"yes,\" and a place that's a little too good to be true. It's a place about joy, taste, color, and sound. Sweet and sour, rich and creamy - that's how life should be, and that's how it is at IT'SUGAR!  Sales Associate Candidates Must: - Have Retail experience- at least 2+ years - Be able to work a flexible schedule (which may include nights, weekends, and holidays) - Have excellent communication skills - Be outgoing/bubbly - Have reliable transportation - At least 18 years of age  In addition to above, Supervisory Candidates Must: - Have 4+ years Retail experience- at least 2+ years supervising others - Have Leadership experience  WE HOPE TO SEE YOU AT THE OPEN HOUSE ON THE 24TH!!!!  However, if you are unable to attend the open house event, please feel free to submit your resume in Word/PDF Format.  Want to learn more about us? Visit our website www.example.com www.example.com www.example.com
1446:supervising-job full-time-job salary	* Full Time position available for an experienced registered nurse and clinical leader to manage a 39 bed unit for residents with dementia.  * Required knowledge of evidence based practice in the care of indivduals with dementia, including behavior management.  * The Nurse Manager has 24 hour accountability for resident care and staffing.  * Candidates must be knowledgeable and comfortable learning various computer systems for staff scheduling and full implementaton of the electronic medical records.  * Overlook offers an exceptional salary and benefit package to Nurse Managers    If you have the commitment and enthusiasm to work for our organization, please reply to this positing with a cover letter and resume.
1447:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	Company Overview:   Sageworks is the leader in the financial analysis of privately held companies (www.example.com). Located in Raleigh, North Carolina, our mission is to turn complex financial data into actionable intelligence that empowers people to make better financial decisions. Our patented, web-based technology rapidly analyzes financial information and uses artificial intelligence to aggregate and interpret financial data on privately-held companies. Thousands of accounting firms and financial institutions use Sageworks’ software and financial data in their operations. We have been recognized by Inc. Magazine and Deloitte as one of the fastest-growing technology companies in the U.S. Sageworks has a deliberately unique environment and culture that is casual but extremely results-oriented. We hire assertive, directed individuals who are goal-oriented and are committed to our vision of changing how financial information is used by business people.     Position Overview:  We are seeking a talented Vice President of Sales to drive corporate revenue growth and achieve sales targets across two vertical markets (accounting firms and financial institutions) represented by both inside and outside sales forces. The position is based in Raleigh, NC. The VP of Sales will be overseeing a total sales force of approximately 70 direct sales representatives who are responsible for selling web-based software to accounting firms and financial institutions throughout the United States. The Vice President of Sales will also be responsible for strategic planning, recruiting new salespeople, establishing training programs, setting team and individual goals, advising sales representatives and sales managers on ways to improve sales performance and achieve goals, and assisting with deal engineering. The VP of Sales will be accountable for monthly revenue goals and will work closely with other members of the executive management team to achieve strategic growth plans and profitability targets. The right candidate for this role will have strong leadership and management experience in a high growth organization.    Responsibilities:  • Ensure that sales representatives meet or exceed activity standards for prospecting calls, appointments, presentations, proposals, and deals closed  • Develop sales plans and strategies that ensure attainment of company sales profit goals  • Conduct one-on-one reviews with sales reps and managers to assess performance, provide guidance on how to improve performance, and identify development needs  • Provide timely feedback to senior management regarding performance  • Create and conduct proposal presentations and RFP responses  • Assist sales reps in negotiations and preparation of proposals and presentations  • Control expenses to meet budget guidelines  • Recruit and hire sales reps based on criteria agreed upon by senior management  • Set examples for sales reps in areas of personal character, commitment, organizational and selling skills, and work habits    Qualifications:   • Proven success hitting sales goals in a high growth organization  • 5-10 years of sales management experience with multiple direct reports preferably in a software or information company  • Entrepreneurial spirit and strong sense of urgency  • Demonstrated ability to attract, retain, and drive high caliber sales talent  • Strong leadership abilities and self-motivation  • Ability to communicate effectively in and across teams; must possess strong verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills  • Strong undergraduate and/or graduate academic credentials preferred  
1451:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Kappa Search Inc. is a technical recruiting firm that specializes in engineering, manufacturing, operations and technology recruitment and placement. We are currently recruiting for a qualified candidate to serve as a Process Engineer for a top client. The Process Engineer will report to the Plant Manager and have the following responsibilities.  *Responsibilities:*  • The Process Engineer will introduce and maintain best practices for production processes while ensuring plant compliance and safety. • Direct machine and equipment efficiency initiatives including leading cross-functional improvement teams. • Meet or exceed quality expectations of the customer while staying within a set budget. • Provide support of plant operations with manufacturing, engineering and capital project management. • Data based analysis of process conditions in plants to be used as action plan for improvements to core processes. • Analysis and review of plant operations to submit quantifiable cost savings ideas while improving cost performance against budget. • Assesses customer requirements and product drawings using knowledge of product design, materials and parts, fabrication processes, and quality control standards  • Estimates production times, manpower requirements and other considerations to streamline production processes   *Requirements:* • Bachelors Degree in Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering or other technical discipline • Several years of experience in manufacturing environment as a Process Engineer. • At least 3 years experience with the aerospace or automotive industries. • Demonstrated experience leading cross-functional teams in continuous process improvements. • Demonstrated understanding of product specifications and processes • Demonstrated experience in process control and analysis. • Expertise with cost reduction • Experience with capital equipment selection and ROI analysis
1462:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Job Description Work with manager to provide consistent leadership to ensure all sales and profitability objectives are met or exceeded. Foster a high-energy, customer service oriented team. Represent Calphalon brand with the highest integrity. Assist the manager in store operations to ensure inventory levels are maintained and visual merchandising standards are followed while driving sales. Coach and develop strong, knowledgeable associates focusing on complete customer service.  Job Responsibilities •Creates and maintains a strong selling culture, assigning and monitoring individual statistical goals (Sales Metrics), providing feedback, assistance and redirection. •Assists in developing relationships with mall management to ensure maximum promotional opportunities are realized.  •Lead the team in sales and metric performance consistently through expert knowledge and use of the internal sales process. •Develop relationships with local community to grow top line results and potential employee candidates. •Motivates and inspires team to anticipate and exceed customer’s needs. •Handles all returns, exchanges and customer service needs courteously and professionally. •Ensures team members receive appropriate product, POS, safety and compliance training. •Conducts weekly 1-on-1 coaching sessions with team members to evaluate performance, assess developmental needs and create action plans to drive improvement. •Assists the store manager in the recruiting efforts needed to insure continuous smooth store operations. •Assists the manager in the team member corrective action process, including execution of corrective action of team members. •Work with manager to ensure store compliance with visual merchandising standards. •Work with manager to ensure store layout of fixtures, merchandise and displays are neat and orderly, taking into account store safety and security measures. •Inspects merchandise to ensure it is correctly priced and displayed. •Work with manager to ensure all operational processes are adhered to including shipment/receiving, store maintenance, deliveries and inventory management. •Perform reporting and reconciliations functions outlined in operations manual. •Assist the store manager in the candidate interview process, and lead the efforts involved in the new employee on-boarding process. •Regularly walk the floor to ensure operational and visual standards are met. •Lead the process of store inventories.  Work Experience / Skills Requirements •2 years of retail store management/key holder experience preferred. •Consistent record of exceeding sales.  •Ability to effectively manage multiple projects simultaneously. •Ability to effectively motivate and influence others. •Ability to achieve results both independently and through others by fostering a spirit of teamwork and cooperation.  •Desire to learn and grow as an individual.  •Ability to work on sales floor for extended periods of time.  •Ability to work a flexible schedule including nights, weekends and holidays.  •Ability to lift and move medium to large items (up to 50 lbs.), hang merchandise, climbing, reaching, and pushing.  •Basic knowledge of Microsoft Office products.  •Positively and consistently represent a neat and professional image.  •Performs all duties and responsibilities deemed necessary by the store manager.   Education •High School Diploma or G.E.D. required, some college preferred.
1470:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	*Job Purpose:* As part of the development team, Engagement Managers are focused on all aspects of successful project delivery  *Key Outcomes (Deliverables):* * Manage relationship with project stakeholders, including client and partners, keeping stakeholders informed of progress and issues in order to manage expectations on all project requirements and deliverables. * Proactive management of customer relationship with focus on 100% customer satisfaction. * Management of project team with focus on on-time delivery while operating within or below project budget. * Lead project planning activities and manage the execution of projects according to a defined plan. * Manage and communicate a clear vision of the project’s objectives to the client, partners, and associated delivery resources.  Motivate the project team to achieve objectives.   Create a project environment that enables peak performance by team members. * Proactively identify changes in work scope and ensure appropriate planning measures are taken with internal and external stakeholders to reassess and amend the scope of work requirements, budget and timeline. * Manage the financial aspects of the project: budgeting and estimate to actual variance. * Analyze risk, establish contingency plans and identify trigger events and responsibilities for initiating mitigating action. * Articulate and escalate project risk and issues early with client, partners, and internal stakeholders. * Determine what constitutes successful closure for all parties. Gain acceptance and sign-off by all parties when closure is attained. * Ongoing definition of project management and delivery best practices.  *Required Qualifications:* * Minimum 5 years of consulting project management experience leveraging formal project management processes and frameworks. * Experience in the telecommunications, cable, and/or media industries * Solid experience in J2EE Technologies (JSP, Servlets, EJB, WebServices) * Expert experience with client and account management. * Demonstrated experience in troubleshooting complex issues and solutions. * Demonstrated experience in managing a project charter and project plan * Strong communication, presentation, and advisory skills, both oral and written. * Possess a strong technical background and willingness to learn. * Oversees the day-to-day production of enterprise consulting deployments, and is responsible for internal and external communications regarding project status.  * Primary contact for clients and will drive the success of the project. * Responsible for managing team members and deliverables outlined in a Statement of Work. * Responsible for managing project plans, issue tracking, meeting notes, and various sign-off documentation. * Weekly status reporting to client as well as management. * Identify ongoing business opportunities pre or post deployment.    * Willing to travel. 
1480:supervising-job part-time-job licence-needed	Experienced Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN) needed for part-time Clinical Coordinator position in rapidly growing private duty home care agency. Successful candidate has excellent organizational and clinical skills, management experience and approaches her/his day with a \"glass half full\" attitude.   Responsibilities: The Clinical Care Coordinator is responsible for supporting our Director of Nursing both in the office and in the field.   In the office, he/she will help prepare the agency for its Joint Commission Accredition application, assist in recruiting, hiring and supervising CNA staff and be effective in converting intake calls to home visits. In the field, he/she will conduct home visits, re-evaluating our clients and re-assessing caregivers' competencies.  Qualifications: * Graduated from a National League of Nursing accredited practical or vocational school of nursing. *Unencumbered license as a Practical or Vocational Nurse in the state that care is delivered.  *Comply with the state nurse practice act.  *Comply with accepted professional standards of practice.  *High level of interpersonal skills.  *Certified in CPR.  *Strong clinical skills.  *Excellent customer service skills and ability to deal tactfully with clients, other team members and community.  *Treat clients, team members and the public with courtesy, respect and presents a positive public image.  *Empathy for the needs of the client.  *Works as a team member.  *Self-directing with the ability to work with little direct supervision. *Licensed driver with automobile that is insured in accordance with the organizations requirements.  *Negative TB test or chest x-ray.     Fax resume to  XXX   
1492:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job full-time-job	Location: North Jersey Affiliate Office, Summit, NJ    Reports To: Board of Trustees    Full-time position    Susan G. Komen for the Cure is the global leader in the fight against breast cancer, and is the trusted breast cancer resource for patients and their families. The North Jersey Affiliate (the \"Affiliate\") is part of a global network of affiliates.    For the past 15 years, the Affiliate has been working in the 9-county northern New Jersey region to provide critically-needed resources for patients affected by breast cancer and their families and friends. Since 1997, the Affiliate has given out more than $14.7 million for local screening, education and treatment programs. The Affiliate dedicates 75% of the funds raised in its service area to support the critical needs in this geographic area. The remaining 25% of net revenue supports the Komen National Research Grant Program; in that same time period the Affiliate has supported the Research Grant Fund with $6.4 million. The nine counties supported by the Affiliate are: Bergen, Essex, Hudson, Morris, Passaic, part of Somerset, Sussex, Union and Warren.    Basic Functions:    The Executive Director of the Affiliate reports to the Board of Trustees. The Executive Directoris responsible for the management of the Affiliate and the programs it supports in its service area. This includes development and implementation of an annual operating plan for the Affiliate based on the strategic plan; management and evaluation the staff; establish budgets and plans to achieve financial goals; serve as a principal representative of the Affiliate in articulating its positions and objectives to key constituencies; engage with and provide guidance to volunteers and committees, and work with the Board and staff to ensure that the Affiliate is in good financial health and operating in compliance with Komen National guidelines and policies. The Executive Director will position the Affiliate for future growth and success.    Responsibilities:    1. Organizational Management (40% weighted value of job)  • Establish, develop and effectively manage annual operating plan (annual  financial/programmatic goals and objectives for the Affiliate) based on the goals of the  Affiliate's strategic plan; report progress to the Board on a monthly basis, and more  frequently as needed.  • Develop and manage annual budget with Finance Manager and Treasurer.  • Create and maintain sound financial practices, including annual audit, in collaboration  with Finance Manager and Treasurer, to meet obligations and expectations of Komen  National.  • Oversee all Affiliate programs and initiate/participate in collaborations with key  constituencies to advance the mission and maximize resources.  • Oversee the recruitment, hiring, training and, when necessary, the discharge of staff.  • Establish administrative policies and procedures for staff.  • Administer an effective human resources program that includes position descriptions,  performance standards, performance appraisals and compensation system.  • Implement a committee structure that involves Trustees, staff and volunteers; oversee  activities to ensure alignment with annual plan.  • Oversee development of bi-annual Community Profile and execution of annual  community Grants Program.  • Develop and maintain policies and procedures to ensure compliance with Komen  National's Affiliate Agreement, and other applicable laws and regulations. Ensure  compliance with the Affiliate’s By-laws and recommend changes to the Board as  warranted.  • Ensure office facilities, systems and technology are safe and adequate for efficient  operations.  • Manage submission and maintenance of required records and reports.  • Benchmark and implement best practices to ensure staff, operations and procedures are  optimized.  2. Relationship Management (20% weighted value of job)  • Own and manage the relationship with the Susan G. Komen for the Cure's national office  in Dallas, TX.  • Interface with donors and volunteers to encourage confidence in and continued support  of the Affiliate.  • Maximize involvement of Medical Advisory Board and Community Advisory Council.  • Seek ways to collaborate with Central/South Jersey Komen Affiliate and other Affiliates in  the metro area to advance mission and increase impact in NJ.  • Meet with and establish a working relationship with executives from philanthropic and  other organizations to further the goals and objectives of the Affiliate.  3. Fundraising and Development (20% weighted value of job)  • Work with Development Director on the development and implementation of a  comprehensive fundraising and sponsorship plan, including specific financial goals and  benchmarks.  • Work with Development Director and the Board to identify potential partnerships and  fundraising opportunities.  4. Communication, Advocacy and Education (20% weighted value of job)  • Oversee development of annual outreach, education, advocacy and communications  plans that are aligned with annual operating plan priorities.  • Act as a principal spokesperson for the Affiliate.  • Raise the profile, enhance the image and heighten the awareness of the Affiliate's needs  and accomplishments through various communications vehicles.  • Develop opportunities to raise awareness of the Affiliate's work.  5. Other Duties as Assigned/Needed  Minimum Qualifications  Education:  Bachelor's degree required, advanced degree desirable.  Experience:  • Minimum 10 years of leadership and management experience.  • Demonstrated success in motivating, managing and leading a professional staff.  • Demonstrated experience in all aspects of financial management.  • Demonstrated abilities in project management and team building.  Skills, Knowledge and Abilities:  • Excellent interpersonal, presentation, verbal, and written communications skills.  • Ability to establish/manage priorities and to meet deadlines.  • Sensitivity to and ability to work with underserved and cross-cultural individuals and  communities.  • Keen ability to problem solve and think creatively.  • Experience in reporting to a Board of Trustees and building board relations is desired.  • Working knowledge of philanthropic and economic trends affecting the nonprofit  community.  • Ability and desire to keep current with breast cancer research, medical development,  breast health resources and needs.  • Ability to motivate and appropriately utilize volunteers.  • Skills in using major software programs such as Word, Excel, MS Outlook etc. as well as  an appreciation for the role of technology in the successful management of a nonprofit  organization.  • Ability to work evenings and weekends, as needed.  The above declarations are not intended to be an all-inclusive list of the duties and responsibilities of the position described,  nor are they intended to be such a listing of the skills and abilities required to do the job. Rather, they are intended only to  describe the general nature of the job.    POSITION CURRENTLY OPEN (as of July 1, 2012)    The Komen North Jersey Affiliate is actively seeking applicants for this position.  To apply please send a cover letter (including salary range expectations) &  resume to the attention of Robin Bloink Ventura, Board President, Susan G.  Komen for the Cure North Jersey Affiliate, 785 Springfield Ave., Summit, NJ 07901    Our Mission is to save lives and end breast cancer forever by empowering people, ensuring  quality care for all and energizing science to find the cures.
1503:supervising-job	Developed specifically with chronically overweight and obese individuals in mind, DOWNSIZE Fitness provides a welcoming environment that eliminates the self-conscious and alienating atmosphere felt in most conventional gyms. Downsize Fitness is modeled after hit TV show, “The Biggest Loser,” yet it is structured to be more realistic, both from a financial and time perspective. Every Downsize Fitness member works with a trainer every time they come to the gym. The trainer not only takes them through their workouts, but also holds them accountable for their nutrition. Our goal is to give our members a new quality of life and we have the resources and unique trainer support to do that for everyone who walks through our door.” Through a supportive team-oriented environment and trainer-based workout plans, the goal is to get overweight individuals healthy and fit.  The Administrative Assistant is responsible for daily member and staff management with a focus on customer service and sales performance. Performance will be measured on sales to goal, lead to member conversion and providing the groundwork to build a professional relationship with all members. Administrative Assistant is responsible for ensuring their center meets the highest standards of service, operational excellence and professionalism. This position reports to the General Manager.   *Responsibilities:* • Provide front desk and phone coverage which includes answering, screening, and directing phone calls, along with greeting and announcing visitors • Maintain a clean and organized workspace •       Provide clerical and administrative support  • Arrange appointments, tours, and managing daily facility activity • Build a professional relationship with each member • Takes part in the Downsize Fitness program  *Qualifications:* • Previous sales experience • Professional appearance and demeanor • Dependability and excellent attendance • Excellent people skills, communication skills, and customer service skills • Flexible schedule and ability to work extended hours • Honesty, Integrity, and a disciplined work ethic • Computer skills and proficiency in Microsoft Office and Mac OS • Knowledge in Paramount software a plus  Main Tasks  •Management of all front office functions - Reception, Reservations, Porterage •Responsible for all guest accounts, audit functions and sales ledger.  •Analysis of financial results, monitoring of costs generally and ensuring that budgeted targets are achieved.This includes involvement in compiling the annual budget, monthly reporting of results and business forecasting.  •Responsibility for reservations systems, GDS and yield management  •Management and development of your team – to include recruitment, training and coaching, appraisal and performance management etc.  •A full role in the Duty Management of the Hotel  You Need •A solid Front Office background, gained in large 3 or 4 star hotels  •A good working knowledge of all aspects of hotel operations  •A strong business acumen and an adeptness with figures  •Mature leadership and teamwork skills  •Well developed organisation, administration and IT skills  •Loads of energy, ideas and enthusiasm  _If you are interested in this opportunity, please submit your resume and cover letter (attached in Word or PDF format) to the email provided_
1518:associate-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	The Education Director is an organized Arts-in-Education professional with experience, creativity, and the initiative to design, implement, and assess existing and new arts-in-education programs; oversee educational program budget; work to achieve strategic plan goals; work cooperatively with the production, artistic, and administration staffs; and reach out to educators and theatres regionally and nationally for the purpose of growing and improving the program. The position requires an average of15 hours/week. This position reports to the Artistic Director, consulting with him to design, implement, assess programs that are of high quality and are both mission- and standards-based.        Core Position Responsibilities  The Prime Stage Education Director will:  • Be able to work independently  • Communicate status of programs/progress as requested by supervisor  • Compile and submit written program reports and evaluations in a timely manner to specified parties according to criteria  • Maintain required clearances for working with young people  • Prepare, conduct, and assess the organization’s education programs  • Oversee the education program’s board approved budget; ensure that expenditures do not exceed budgeted amounts; follow the theatre’s purchasing and reimbursement policies  • Interact with other members of the Prime Stage as required  • Travel to schools/sites where Prime Stage Theatre activities take place  • Attend staff meetings and board meetings when asked, and may be called upon to attend meetings with Prime Stage funders  • Develop and maintain good communication with regional schools for the purposes of identifying student/teachers needs and making recommendations for education program refinements and revisions    Other Associated Responsibilities  Below is a description of Prime Stage’s education programs, their goals and target audiences:  • Literacy In ACTion is a theatre/literacy program for middle and high school students in underserved schools in Western PA. This flagship program demonstrates our commitment to addressing literacy.  The Education Director develops curriculum, implements the program in the schools, and works with the in-school teachers to extend the program’s impact and effectiveness.    • Student Matinee Series – Education Director attends student matinees, coordinates post-show “chat sessions,” and works with the Student Matinee Box Office Manager to ensure exceptional audience experiences.     • Education Resources – Education Director creates three resource guides per season that introduce the shows’ concepts to teachers and students and provide ways to incorporate those concepts into classroom work. The guides are posted to the website, and can be downloaded and printed by individual teachers.    • Web Education Page/Web Related Activities – Education Director oversees education content on the website, and creates interactive educational enrichment, including content for the Prime Stage Theatre Challenge.    • Professional Development Workshops for Educators – In consultation with the Artistic Director, the Education Director plans and implements at least three different in-service/educator workshops/ webinars each season.     Qualifications  Successful candidates for the position of Education Director will have the following qualifications and attributes:  • Undergraduate or graduate degree in theatre and/or education   • Minimum of three years of hands-on experience  • Experience developing, teaching/leading and evaluating education programs for youth  • Familiarity with middle and secondary school systems and PA Education Standards  • Ability to be flexible, working as a member of a team or independently  • Able to manage multiple priorities  • Strong interpersonal skills  • Strong communication skills (written, oral, presentation)  • Strong organizational and administrative skills  • Proficiency with MS Office; website skills are a plus  • Ability to work independently while keeping others in the organization apprised of progress and ensuring that education programs are coordinated with other activities/schedules of the company   • The Education Director must own a computer and must have a car to travel to meetings, schools, etc.     
1520:salary supervising-job	Growing telecommunications company looking to hire a Project Manager. The leading candidate would have a strong work ethic, prior experience with technical implementations and be very detail oriented.  We are offering a 40 to 50k base depending on experience and performance in prior positions.  The ideal candidate would also possess technical certifications, have worked in the voice and data business and be career minded.  The position offers 401k, benefits, etc.  Please apply if you are looking to further your career with a growing, dynamic company.  
1527:supervising-job associate-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	Contech Engineered Solutions LLC is seeking a Customer Solutions Coordinator to support our West Chester, Ohio team. Contech provides site solutions for the civil engineering industry. Contech’s portfolio includes bridges, drainage, erosion control, retaining wall, sanitary, stormwater and wastewater treatment products.  The Customer Solutions Coordinator is responsible for providing a high level of service to surpass internal and external customer expectations while working in a comprehensive team selling environment. Answers customer inbound calls to provide information, service and/or process orders.   The  CSC is the central resource for customer support and manages all aspects of the order flow process including new account set up; pricing and quoting; collection of credit information; order write-up and associated follow-up; as well as assisting in aging resolution. Some cross and up-selling will occur as well as warm outbound sales calls to select customers. Serves as primary point of contact for all products and divisions with the ability to handle many customer requirements independent of the outside sales team.   Primary Responsibilities:   Primary point of contact for customers and serves as the regionalized resource for information and problem-solving for customers as well as corporate, operations and field personnel.   Supports assigned customer base by taking ownership of customer requirements including all related activities to support the customer. More specifically, will provide collateral and submittal information as required; assists with price and bid quotations; facilitates orders through the system by insuring all paperwork is provided to support corporate policies; assists with problem-resolution and receivables.  Adds value to the customer while operating in a comprehensive team selling environment by soliciting the sale of new or additional products.   Supports specific accounts that do not require SE involvement.  Possesses thorough knowledge of all products, processes and policies to support and exceed customer requirements.  Develops thorough understanding of customer base, market and individual customer needs.  Responds independent of the SE to customer inquiries including those that are more unusual or complex.   Effectively utilizes technology and process to drive efficiency.  Supports the region with pricing and order facilitation where some technical and mathematical skills are needed.   Familiar with the manufacturing process and equipment capabilities for core pipe products.   Follow-up with customers on quotations to help obtain orders, discuss objections that may prevent the placement of orders, and offer alternate materials if needed.   Resolves inquiries on errors relating to invoicing, pricing or incorrect shipments.   Other duties as assigned.   Basic Qualifications:   Associate Degree in Business and two to three years’ experience in a similar business environment preferred.   Ability to communicate effectively with internal and external customers at all levels of the organization.  Effective verbal communication, clear, concise writing skills and the ability to list and interpret customers’ requests via telephone are essential. Previous experience in an Inside Sales position a plus.  Must possess the ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure (whole numbers, common fractions and decimals) including working with ratios and percents.   Ability to apply common-sense comprehension to instructions furnished in written, oral or diagram [shop drawings] form. Capable of dealing with problems involving several variables in standardized situations.  Must process high level of technical aptitude to provide accurate material and specification requirements for product line.  Ability to handle multiple tasks and situations requiring urgent attention is critical.   Requires ability to read and comprehend documents including customer orders, price lists, training and procedural manuals.  Must have solid computer skills in Microsoft Office including Outlook.   Previous CRM experience a plus.   Local Candidates Only Please   Contech is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer 
1529:salary supervising-job bs-degree-needed full-time-job	Company Description AM Technologies, Inc. (AMT) is a privately held company located in Watertown, MA. AMT is a leading provider of speech recognition products and services for the healthcare industry. The company's core product is the WHY TYPE® Medical Solution (WTMS). The local medical, legal, executive community and individuals with disabilities use this technology combined with our training services, customization and support to produce their documentation in a quick, yet extensive, manner.   Job Description Our company has a very exciting entry level position available for a Product Trainer/Account Manager. This position will report directly to the Training Manager. The incoming Product Trainer/Account Manager will receive training and support from expert staff in our office. Travel is required to client sites via car, including: MA, RI, CT, and NH locations. This is a full-time position with a salary range of $36,000 - $42,000 per year and competitive benefits, which include, but are not limited to: medical health insurance, profit sharing, business travel reimbursement, vacation/holiday/personal time, and an aggressive retirement plan.  Duties and Responsibilities We are in search of a professional who will be responsible for the following: • Conduct on-site installation, presentation, one-on-one training of software • Maintain customer satisfaction through effective account management • Provide technical support to customers via telephone, e-mail, fax, and remote access • Customization of various macros, forms, templates to increase customer's efficiency • Perform administrative duties as required by the organization • Transportation of computers and assorted equipment   Qualifications • Intermediate familiarity with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Access)  • Knowledge of Visual Basic is a plus • Possess interpersonal skills and present oneself in a professional manner • Excellent communication skills (written and verbal) • Effectively work independently as well as in team environment • Ability to successfully adapt to changes in priorities • Bachelor's degree preferred or relevant work experience   ***If interested, please e-mail us a cover letter along with your resume. Please no phone calls.*** 
1537:supervising-job	Evans Metal is looking for an experienced estimator/sales person to increase or sales beyond this year's 3mil mark.  Evans Metal has been in Busines since 1945.  We are a fabricator who supplies/installs steel in Southern Michigan, Indiana, Northeast Illinois, and the Eastern part of Ohio.  We are underserving Eastern Indiana and Western Ohio.  You would be responsible for estimating, sales calls, and leed development.  Generally you will also be a project manager for your project. Most of our current work has been done for waste water treatment plants, offices, banks, schools, and hospitals.  We enjoy the more difficult work and are looking for projects ranging from $20k - $400k.  The sucessful applicant will help us achieve our sales goals and be responsible for generating  $900k or more yearly.  We fabricate structural steel as well as other Division 5 metal products.  We also supply joist and deck.  In additional, we specialize in stairs and railings (steel, SS, and Aluminum).  Your compensation is based upon sales and a monthly quota consisting of sales calls, leeds generated, cold calling, and estimates completed.    You will be responsible for estimating.  Upon a sale, you may also manage the project.  Our in house detailing group uses Tekla and FabCad, although we also sub out detailing.    Normal benefits are offered, such as insurance, and holiday and vacation time.  You will be part of a 4 person sales team, answering to directly to me.  I look forward to talking to you.    David Evans  XXX cell)
1538:bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	We are seeking an Account Executive to join our sales team with a focus on bringing in new business and managing relationships with existing customers.  The Account Executive will apply knowledge and expertise in eCommerce to consult with customers to further ensure maximum satisfaction and successful utilization as well as to help customers develop long term strategies and identify ways in which we can continue to help those customers grow through additional products and services.   The Account Manager will serve as the primary customer point of contact for ExpandLab and will thus facilitate interactions with other ExpandLab business units such as Development and Professional Services. Ideally, we seek to source a candidate from an eCommerce background, with a proven track record in selling to medium sized enterprises in the US. This position reports to the CEO.  If you are passionate about what you do, have an entrepreneurial flair and are excited by leading-edge eCommerce technology, we want to hear from you.   Responsibilities  Driving incremental revenue in new and existing accounts   • Maintaining a close relationship with set accounts and ensuring customer satisfaction.  This will be achieved through regular and consistent communication and on-site visits with client contacts in a proactive capacity  • Ensuring that set accounts are utilizing all the appropriate features in Magento and related software  • Ensuring adoption of new Magento features as appropriate  • Maintaining high renewal/ low termination rate for set accounts by maintaining regular communication and actively monitoring any at-risk situations  • Attainment of set revenue goals  • Up-selling and cross-selling appropriate products and services  • Driving the ExpandLab relationship to the executive level within set accounts    Requirements:   • BS or BA degree required  • Experience working with medium sized retailers, and providing advice and direction to management-level contacts.  • Proficiency using Excel and MS Office applications  • Proficiency in conducting demos of web-based applications (SaaS)  • At least 5 years work history with a minimum of 2 years in a related position  • A strong customer service orientation and the ability to form long-term customer relationships     • Previous experience in at least one segment of eCommerce  • Travel: 20%
1543:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed	As a Senior Developer at Trifecta, you will lead small teams of developers, creating a variety of solutions for our clients including custom traditional and mobile web applications, native mobile applications, and web applications for the cloud – in our Allentown, PA offices.  General Responsibilities: •Designing, developing and implementing simple to advanced custom technical solutions to support client business requirements.  Identifying system deficiencies easily and implementing solutions. •Creating design documentation, designing and creating prototypes, coding and testing. •Leading small project teams, providing technical support and feedback to the team, enforcing deadlines.  Required Skills and Experience * Bachelor's Degree (or equivalent experience) and 5 years of relevant work experience * Strong leadership skills * Good written and verbal communication skills * Thorough understanding of web development including HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, and mobile jQuery * Thorough understanding of server-side Java development, the Spring Framework, OOP patterns and prototypical inheritance * Thorough understanding of relational databases including MySQL  Preferred Skills and Experience * iOS or Android native development * SCM experience (Git experience a plus - show us your GitHub account for bonus points!) * TDD/BDD and Agile/Scrum * Cross browser development with IE 6+ including graceful degradation, progressive enhancement and debugging * Responsive design concepts  Helpful Experience • Understanding of client-side performance tuning, jQuery plugin development, Backbone.js, JavaScript unit testing, or PhoneGap • RESTful services and APIs in Java using Spring or Apache CXF, REST development in PHP, or Node.js experience • Photoshop/Illustrator experience in converting designs to code • Wireframing, sketching, whiteboarding, and other screen/UI design abilities • Cloud-based deployment experience with EC2, Heroku, or Force.com  *We need public speakers and/or teachers!  Tell us how you've taught, mentored, blogged, or spoken.*  _Trifecta does not offer H1B sponsorships_  Trifecta Technologies develops high-value web-based business solutions using the latest custom web, ecommerce, native mobile, mobile web and cloud technologies.  Leading large and mid-market brands chooses us based on the strength of our track record, the value of our solutions and the skills of our people.    Headquartered in Allentown, PA, the company has two practices:  Web Application Practice (custom web apps, native mobile apps, mobile web apps and cloud-based apps) and eCommerce Practice (focused on IBM WebSphere Commerce middleware).  We are a small business with 50 employees in Allentown, 15 in Toronto, and 6 in Visag, India. 
1549:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job	*Job Summary:* The Receiving Manager is responsible for the successful operation of the receiving department as well as training, directing and monitoring all department staff.  *Responsibilities* _Customer Service:_ The Receiving Manager is responsible for ensuring that:  Customer service is the number one priority. Customers are greeted and serviced per company standards of World Class customer service. Customer complaints are handled appropriately and per company policy. Special orders are handled appropriately and per company policy.  _Receiving:_ The Receiving Manager is responsible for ensuring that:  All incoming products are received and recorded per company standards on a daily basis. This includes:  Checking in all products by:  All incoming products from DSD vendors (goods receipt without a purchase order) are received and recorded per company standards on a daily basis. This includes: ensuring that the vendor retrieves any expired or short-dated product from the sales floor and cooler brings it to the receiving department; scanning all incoming product and matching the amount scanned with the amount shown on the invoice; scanning all outgoing product; stamping the invoice with the date the product was received and write the incoming and outgoing POs logging all receipts onto the Receiving Log, as appropriate All discrepancies are handled per company standards on a daily basis. This includes: researching discrepancy on the same day the PO is received to make sure it is a true discrepancy calling the overships and miss-picks in to the vendors; expired/damaged products and miss-orders are completed as returns to vendor. All invoices are processed daily and sent in to Home office twice each week per company standards. This includes: All invoices are stamped and dated with receiver’s initials with a goods receipt number; Keeping paper receiving log on file for 2 months All incoming product is received and checked-in according to the following priority: frozen; dairy or other perishables; grocery; vitamins; body care. Communication occurs with other department managers and store staff as to what product is coming in, special orders, discounts, free fills and any other pertinent information; communicate with department managers about delivery status of loads. Produce orders are received per company standard in the absence of the Produce Manager or designated staff.  *Management of Department Personnel:* The Receiving Manager is responsible for ensuring that: Department personnel are trained, assigned tasks, and held accountable to accomplishing tasks per company standards. Tasks are assigned on a daily basis using company tasks sheets and monitored appropriately. He/she works with all other department managers to share staff to accomplish tasks as needed on a daily basis. The Receiving Manager should also train and monitor the staff to ensure that they view the store as a whole and be prepared to assist customers in all areas of the store. This means working the front of the store if all tasks are completed in the back room He/she works with other department managers to cross-train staff to accomplish all needed tasks. He/she works with staff to ensure adequate product knowledge to meet customers’ needs He/she provides input to the store manager on department staff performance evaluations and/or conducts department staff performance evaluations with store manager input and direction. He/she helps the store manager interview and hire for department needs. He/she informs the store manager of department needs. He/she informs the store manager of performance and/or disciplinary issues within the department. Responsible for ensuring safety guidelines are followed at all times. Management of Backup Receiver (when applicable): The Receiver is responsible for training the backup receiver and is held accountable for how well the backup receiver is trained and applies what they’ve learned:  The backup receiver needs to know and follow all of the receiving job description documentation; The backup receiver needs to read and understand the receiving job description and they must sign off after they read this documentation to show that they have completed this training. Product Knowledge:  *The Receiving Manager is responsible for ensuring that:* He/she continues to increase product knowledge, including: trainings; using products to know what they are like. He/she answers customer questions per company standards and policies, including the use of * * Structure/Function statements and/or statements of nutritional support. He/she knows what store resources to use to answer customer questions, including: books; Customer Literature Files; company/vendor product information. Cleanliness, Organization and Security:  *The Receiving Manager is responsible for ensuring that he/she and the department staff are:* Following company policies, procedures and standards for cleanliness and organization, including: keeping the backroom clean and organized; ensuring that the backroom is swept and mopped daily; posting a delivery schedule so that departments can schedule staff more efficiently; following all inspection guidelines.  Following company policies, procedures and standards to ensure that the backroom remains secure. This includes ensuring that the back door is kept closed and locked at all times, except when accepting deliveries; ensuring that employees do not use the back door exit except at opening or closing or in case of * emergency; exit at closing through back door, when applicable; always being aware of what is happening and who is coming and going throughout the backroom and receiving area.  *MOD (Manager on Duty) Responsibilities:* Department Managers are not only responsible for the success of their own department, but also for the overall success of the store. Therefore, all department managers are required to fulfill the duties of the Manager on Duty (MOD) on a scheduled basis. The Receiving Manager should also train and monitor the staff to ensure that they view the store as a whole. MOD duties include:  1. Opening and closing MOD Directs staff to opening and closing procedures as needed. Monitors staff to ensure that opening and closing procedures are accomplished in a timely manner and per company standards. Safety and security are maintained per company standards. The DSR is completed per company standards. Takes care of deposit and cash register close outs. Opening and closing shifts during business hours performs MOD duties. This includes: i. responding to cashier needs for manager over-rides; ii. monitoring staff to ensure that all tasks are being accomplished in a timely manner and per company standards; iii. ensuring that customers are waited on in a timely manner and per company standards of excellence in customer service; iv. responding to calls to and handle customer complaints as needed and per company policies; v. responding to calls to and handle customer returns as needed and per company policies.  *Shift MOD:* Monitors staff to make sure that all tasks are being accomplished in a timely manner and per company standards. Ensures that customers are waited on in a timely manner and per company standards of excellence in customer service. Handles shift changes on the register. Covers cashier lunch breaks. Handles safety and security issues. Informs the store manager of any store employee performance and/or disciplinary issues that occurred during times when the department manager is MOD. Handles emergency situations and communicates issues and problems to Home Office as needed and in a timely manner when MOD, including; power outages;facility repair issues; phone and communication issues;computer issues (to the Home Office Help Desk); natural disasters.  8Store Operations:* Work schedule is based on store needs which may include evenings and weekends. Typically the Receiving Manager is not assigned opening or closing MOD duties. They are required to open based on the responsibilities of their position. Must work 40 hours per week Participates in store meetings.  *Leadership and Professionalism:* All department managers are expected to be professional at all times and provide appropriate leadership for the staff and the store. Leader effectiveness requires treating people decently while at the same time successfully motivating them toward high performance in their work. One without the other doesn’t work. Department managers are expected to demonstrate positive and calm communication with staff at all times. When discussing an issue with an employee, department managers must carefully choose when, where, and how to best discuss the issue in order to maintain professionalism and confidentiality. Department managers should look to their Store Manager for support and guidance on how to address performance issues with employees and how to document appropriately. Performance and personnel issues should only be discussed in the manager’s office, not in front of other employees, customers or vendors (unless an employee in a management position is acting in the capacity of a witness). Department managers are expected to show the highest level of respect and integrity in their day-to-day actions with employees, customers, vendors and outside contacts. Department managers are expected to do their job with a consistent, calm, and positive demeanor. It is never appropriate for a department manager to yell, express frustration on the sales floor, or raise their voice to an employee. Department managers are expected to conduct themselves with the highest level of integrity, responsibility, and excellence. As a representative of the Company to our employees and our professional vendors, leaders are expected to represent Vitamin Cottage as a just, fair, respectful, caring, compassionate, and honorable company. Department managers are expected to be leaders in the workplace, setting the standard of excellence required through their job performance and professional demeanor. It is expected that leaders will hold employees accountable and do so in a manner which is in line with the highest standards of professionalism and respect. Although this is a general outline of job responsibilities all employees are expected to be “hands on” and do whatever it takes to get the job done and make the company thrive.  *Qualifications:* 1-2 years experience in retail and/or related receiving experience. Able to manage changing priorities. Possesses a sense of urgency in the completion of tasks. Possesses excellent customer service skills Is highly organized with great attention to detail Ability to stay focused with the task at hand. Ability to take direction and follow through. Must be forklift certified. Must be cashier trained. Proficient in MS word, excel and outlook.  _Physical Requirements:_ Must have the ability to lift 70 lbs, repetitive lifting up to 50 lbs. Must be able to carry up to 50 lbs. Requires the use of both arms and both hands with full range of motion. Must be able to bend at the waist and knees, twist, push and pull. Must be able to kneel, squat, and climb as needed. Must be able to reach overhead and away from the body. Must be able to stand for at least 90% of the time. Must be able to walk for at least 90% of the time.
1550:full-time-job supervising-job bs-degree-needed	*POSITION PURPOSE:* The dual role of the Vitamin Cottage Nutritional Health Coach (NHC) emphasizes employee/customer education and retail operations. The NHC position is fundamental for providing ongoing support and evidence-based nutrition education/training to the store employees, the customers and the community as a whole. To provide Vitamin Cottage customers with a professional resource for nutrition information while promoting a positive and preventive vision of healthcare. To become an educational link for other employees and keep them informed about nutrition and store products.  *EDUCATION AND INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS:* NHCs are required to have a degree/certification innutrition or a related field (e.g., dietetics, masters in biology, masters in biochemistry, naturopathy) from a college or university accredited by a regional and/or national accrediting agency recognized by the U.S. Secretary of Education as reliable, or from a college or university accredited by the Canadian government. Proof of education must be submitted at time of application. Continuing education, if required to maintain degree/certification, must be fulfilled throughout tenure of employment.  Proof of maintenance of degree/certification must be submitted as necessary. NHCs must be able to obtain and maintain liability insurance. POSITION PARAMETERS  The NHC position is a dual position: NHCs are vitamin aisle employees, with the same job responsibilities as all vitamin aisle employees, and they hold the professional position of NHC in the store, with job responsibilities unique to that position. The split in responsibilities will be as follows, which should be used as a guideline by managers  when scheduling for vitamin aisle coverage in the store and by NHCs to gauge the time they have to accomplish their essential NHC responsibilities: -50% to 60% of the time the NHC will spend in the vitamin aisle performing vitamin aisle duties. (Please see \"Vitamin Aisle Duties\" section of this job description for more details.) -40% to 50% of the time the NHC will perform NHC Duties.  (Please see \"NHC Duties\" section of this job description for more details.)  _Supervision:_ The Store Manager/Store Supervision -Is the supervisor of the NHC and is responsible for hiring, firing, discipline, scheduling and assigning the NHC to required duties to support the needs of the store. (This is the same for all store level positions, ie vitamin manager, cashier, receiving manager, etc. The NHC is a store level position.) -Scheduling floor time -Scheduling NHC duties time (consults, outreach, etc.) -Responsible for reviews and raise evaluations with input from other supervisory staff both at the store and Home Office level. -The NHCs are to work with the Store Manager, Assistant Manager, Vitamin Manager, MODs, etc., to support the running of the store.  The Nutrition Program Coordinator -Responsible for coordinating training, education requirements and outreach. -Will provide input to the Store Manager regarding NHC performance in the NHC Program for the purpose of reviews and raise evaluations. -Vitamin Aisle Supervision -The Vitamin Manager is the direct supervisor of the NHC when the NHC is performing vitamin aisle duties. -The Vitamin Manager is responsible for assigning duties and supervising work performance when the NHC is performing vitamin aisle duties and working in the vitamin aisle. -Assigning of duties must be done taking into account the regular vitamin aisle duties of the NHC that must be completed in a timely manner: book orders and book department maintenance, customer literature file maintenance, political podium maintenance, take 15s, group tours and presentations in the vitamin aisles. -Assigning of duties should take into account the fact that your NHC is the employee with the greatest ability and knowledge to answer customer questions regarding products. Therefore, the NHC position should be utilized accordingly. -NHCs should view their role when performing vitamin aisle duties as one of supporting the efficient functioning of the vitamin department. They should ask themselves what they can do to support the efficient running of the vitamin department and turn to the Vitamin Manager for guidance. -The Vitamin Manager will provide input regarding job performance in the vitamin aisle to the Store Manager for the purpose of reviews and raise evaluations. -The overall supervisor of the NHC Program is the Vice President of Nutrition. -Responsible for defining the parameters of the position and defining the direction of the NHC Program. -Will provide input to the Store Manager, Director of Nutrition, and Nutrition Coordinator regarding observed NHC performance.  *VITAMIN AISLE DUTIES:* -60% to 50% of NHC time will be spent on vitamin aisle responsibilities, which include but are not limited to the following. -Customer service is the primary responsibility of every employee. NHCs are considered key vitamin aisle employees, as a nutrition resource for customers as well as employees. While the NHC is considered a key vitamin aisle employee, she or he should be prepared to assist customers in any section/department of the store and may be assigned to work in other departments as needed. -Greeting customers as you work in the aisles -Being the store’s primary source of nutrition information -Helping customers find products -Answering customer questions -Answering the phone -Taking special orders -When helping customers in the aisles, do not spend more than 15 to 20 minutes with one customer. If a customer requires more than 15 to 20 minutes, politely suggest that they could benefit from an in-store coaching session. Another option is to provide the customer with educational materials and a place to read them in the store and then check back with the customer to see whether they have any questions. -The NHC’s role is to educate customers and help them make informed choices. NHCs are never to prescribe products to customers. -Maintaining the Political Campaign Center -Make sure current materials are displayed and old/non-current materials are removed -Keep clean and organized -Maintain pens and other needed materials on the display For mail-in campaigns, make sure the proper materials are available and the petitions and/or letters are taken care of as directed -Maintaining Customer Literature Files -Ordering books and maintaining the book department and reference books -Maintaining Practitioners List -Update and keep appropriate area stocked with copies -Seek out new complementary medicine practitioners to be listed and submit names to the -Nutrition Coordinator for consideration. -Our practitioner list is built through customer and employee referrals. Please see the Practitioner -List Principles document available in the online files under \"Practitioner List.\" -Mini-employee education sessions: AKA Take-15s -Conduct in-aisle trainings, called Take-15s, for employees and customers on products and health issues/subjects. Materials will be provided. -Work with the Store Manager and Vitamin Manager to appropriately schedule Take-15 trainings. -Take-15s should be regularly scheduled on one of the days that the NHC is regularly scheduled to be in the vitamin aisle. -Group tours and/or group presentations that take place in the vitamin aisle. -Work with the Store Manager and Vitamin Manager to appropriately schedule group tours and group presentations to take place in the vitamin aisle. -Such tours and/or presentations should never be scheduled without the consent and knowledge of store management. -Other vitamin aisle duties: The Vitamin Manager will direct the NHC to do daily tasks when the NCH is scheduled for floor duty: -The NHC will be accountable to the Vitamin Manager; therefore, communication between the NHC and the Vitamin Manager is extremely important. Assigning of duties must be done taking into account the regular vitamin aisle duties of the NHC that must be completed in a timely manner: Book orders and book department maintenance, customer literature file maintenance, political podium maintenance, mini-employee education sessions (also known as Take-15s), group tours and presentations in the vitamin aisles. -Assigning of duties should take into account that the NHC is the employee with the greatest ability and knowledge to answer customer questions regarding products. Therefore, the NHC position should be utilized accordingly. -NHCs should view their role when performing vitamin aisle duties as one of supporting the efficient functioning of the vitamin department. They should ask themselves what they can do to support the efficient running of the vitamin department and turn to the Vitamin Manager for guidance. --Check in with the Vitamin Manager to identify the daily priorities on the floor (shelving product, top stock, etc.). -Stocking/Back stock -Facing -Small orders/Inventories -Work with the grocery and vitamin buyers to make sure the items that you recommend are consistently stocked. Maintain a written list and give the list to the appropriate people. -Register work. All employees are responsible for helping on the register and making sure customers are processed through in a timely manner. Keep in mind this is a very important aspect of customer service. -Be prepared to cover the registers when needed or assigned. (General cash register coverage only, no MOD responsibilities.) -On days designated as vitamin aisle days, be prepared to respond to calls for register assistance (bagging assistance and/or customer questions) as needed to meet customer service needs. NUTRITIONAL HEALTH COACH DUTIES  -40% to 50% of the NHC time will be spent performing NHC duties. During this designated time the NHC is not expected to be on the floor performing vitamin aisle duties. The NHC should work with her or his Store Manager to schedule appropriately so that the Vitamin Department has adequate coverage, customer coaching-session needs are met, and the NHC has adequate time to prepare for coaching sessions and employee trainings (hotline and mini-employee training sessions),  and participate in outreach. NHC duties are as follows:  Education of employees and customers about nutrition, products (all products, from vitamins to body care to grocery to produce; this means every product we carry in the stores), and optimal health/healthy lifestyle. -Conduct Health Hotline trainings (Hot Stuff video). Materials will be provided. This is a mandatory responsibility. -Conduct mini-employee education classes AKA Take-15s. 15 minute in aisle trainings during store hours for employees. Materials will be provided. This is a mandatory responsibility. (Please Note: these trainings are still in the process of being developed and therefore may or may not be actively conducted at this time.) -Conduct customer education classes. 4-8 times per month offered at variable times. Materials will be provided. This is a mandatory responsibility. (Please Note: These education classes are still in the process of being developed and therefore may or may not be actively conducted at this time.) -Conduct Book Club discussion group for customers and employees. This is an optional responsibility. -Create and maintain a “Glad You Asked” question center. -This question center can either be a designated dry-erase board or a log book. -When employees have questions that stump them, they can post them at the question center. It is the NHC's responsibility to supply an answer to the question and post the answer where other employees can read it. -If there is a question the NHC is unable to answer in a timely manner, then he or she should send the question via email to the Nutrition Education and Research Department (NERD). -This is a mandatory responsibility. -Book Reviews: NHCs are requested to help review the books carried in our book section. NHCs can receive one free book per month if they provide a book review of the book within one month of procuring the book. -Sit-Down/In-Store Nutritional Health Coaching Sessions -Conduct one-on-one Nutritional Health Coaching Sessions with customers. The goal of the sit-down/in-store Nutritional Health Coaching Session is to provide customers with information on how to live healthier. These are not disease treatment consults. -Work with your Store Manager to regularly schedule (i.e., the same days each week) 1 to 1½ days per week for one-on-one Nutritional Health Coaching Sessions with customers. -The rule of thumb to follow to determine how much time per week should be set aside for conducting and preparing for Nutritional Health Coaching Sessions is as follows: if the number of scheduled sessions is greater than 10 per month, then 1½ days should be scheduled; if the number of sessions is fewer then 10, then 1 day should be scheduled. -The Nutritional Health Coaching Session schedule can consist of three ½ days or 1 full day and one ½ day or two ½ days; the determining factor should be what is the best arrangement to meet customer needs and provide effective health coaching. -Normal health coaching prep work is to be done at the store during your designated Health Coach duties time. -Work with your Store Manager to set up Nutritional Health Coaching Session days and times to best meet customer and business needs. -Keep the Nutrition Coordinator informed of schedule, Nutritional Health Coach Session days and times, and when changes are made. -Participate in outreach/health fairs -If interested, the NHC is encouraged to present educational lectures and participate in community outreach (e.g., health fairs). This is limited to 2 events per month and must be approved by your Store Manager and the Nutrition Program Coordinator. If you wish to participate in more than 2 events per month, this must be approved by your Store Manager and the Nutrition Program Coordinator. -Actively seek out community outreach (e.g., health fairs, store tours, etc.). Communicate with the -Special Projects Coordinator and the Nutrition Coordinator. Keep in mind that we need to maintain a minimum of 20 participants. -Work with your Store Manager to schedule around your normal hours -Be sure all your activities combined do not exceed 40 hours. If necessary, work with your manager to reduce hours in other places when you go outside the store for outreach/health fairs so as not to exceed 40 total hours per week. -Coordinate Lectures: If your store participates in holding in-store lectures or has a lecture hall which is off-site from the Home Office, work with the Store Manager to coordinate lecture setup. -Maintain supplies -Setup event -Introduce speaker -Moderate event -Close and break down event -Coordinate book ordering if necessary Propose speakers to the Home Office lecture coordinator -Stay current with Vitamin Cottage NHC materials -NHCs are required to read and study the material provided as part of the NHC Program. -NHCs are provided with up to one hour per week on the clock, at the store, to read and study this material. This time should be planned accordingly with the Store Manager and Vitamin Manager and should be used within your regularly scheduled hours so as not to exceed 40 hours per week. -Prep-time for NHC-time duties (Hotline trainings, Take 15’s, Customer group classes, Outreach events, customer coaching sessions) 2-4 hours per week should be scheduled for the NHC to prepare for Hotline trainings, Take 15’s, Customer group classes, Outreach events, and customer coaching sessions. -Fewer hours are needed if the NHC is not doing any of the following: Hotline training (Only 8 per year are conducted), Take 15’s, Customer group classes, and Outreach events. -Front End Work. All employees are responsible for helping at the register and making sure customers are processed through in a timely manner. Keep in mind this is a very important aspect of customer service. -Be prepared to help with bagging assistance, assisting customers to their car, and cart checks when needed. Because the NHC is the most knowledgeable person on the vitamin sales floor they should be helping customers in the aisles as the first priority.  *NUTRITIONAL HEALTH COACH MEETINGS:* -NHCs are required to attend the monthly NHC Meetings for ongoing training and education. -Turn in a Monthly Report at the NHC Meeting of your activities, including coaching sessions, continuing education, outreach, status of insurance, and any other nutrition-related activities you have been involved in. Please make copies for the Nutrition Program Coordinator and Vice President of Nutrition Education. This report should also be turned into your Store Manager. Add any letters or praise reports that you see fit (e.g., comment card or evaluation). Include the Material Summary and Application Sheet with your Monthly Report. -NHCs should come to these meetings prepared to participate. This involves reading and learning the given material as well as contributing additional ideas and comments. -All prepared materials, i.e., protocols, customer handouts, etc., are the property of Vitamin Cottage Natural Food Markets, Inc. If your employment with Vitamin Cottage should come to an end, you must return all originals of this property to Vitamin Cottage.
1563:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	*Be part of an organization that helps feed the world! If you possess the following then Crystal Valley would be a great fit.* • Strong work ethic • Strong sense of ownership • Committed to doing what’s right • Passion for American agriculture  This position is responsible for overseeing the operations of the Madelia Liquid Fertilizer and Chemical Facility, aerial application and NH3.  The Liquid Facility Supervisor will also serve as a backup for central dispatching of Fertilizer and Chemical.   *Qualified candidates must possess the following:* • High school diploma or general education degree (GED). Post-secondary schooling desirable. Experience may be substituted for education.  • 3+ years of supervisory experience preferred • Mechanically inclined to operate, troubleshoot, repair and maintain equipment • Understanding of plant operations hardware and software preferred • Previous operation and maintenance of large, agriculture equipment preferred  • Proficient computer and math skills  • Excellent organizational skills including delegating, multi-tasking and prioritizing  • Ability to remain flexible in a quickly changing environment  • Ability to work both as a team member and independently, while being self-motivated and self-directed  • Ability to establish and maintain effective relationships with customers, employees, supervisors and suppliers • Cooperative and/or agricultural background desirable • Desire to serve farmers, agribusinesses and others involved in the agriculture industry   *For full job description, please visit the employment section at www.example.com   Crystal Valley Cooperative is a local full service cooperative with over 145 full-time employees serving the agronomy, energy, feed, and grain customer. We began in 1927 and have eight locations serving Blue Earth, Brown, LeSueur, Nicollet, Watonwan, and Waseca counties and surrounding areas in southcentral Minnesota. We strive to meet the needs of livestock and crop farmers through the expertise of our friendly, knowledgeable staff, high-quality products, and modern facilities and equipment.   *Features of compensation package include:*  • 401(k) with matching • Profit-sharing  • Flexible options for choosing health coverage that suits your needs
1566:salary supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	• Busy 6+ Bay Dealer Owned Automotive Repair Shop looking for experienced fixed operations & service manager    Automotive Service Management Opportunity   Service Location Manager for dealer affiliated automotive service center.   Rentals, Towing and Recovery Departments    About the Position:    * Must possess high level leadership skills for managing an automotive repair shop   * Exceptional communication skills for customer interaction.   * Ensure customer satisfaction and customer retention through quality control.   * Keep shop presentable and clean at all times.  * Manage 4 to 8 employees       Job Requirements:    * Four years Plus leadership experience in an automotive repair facility.   * Technician/Auto mechanic background required   * Demonstrate exceptional experience in management operations.   * Strong leadership and motivational skills to lead crew to meet shop goals.   * Ability to hit monthly financial goals.   * Computer and office management skills are a must.   * Able to clearly communicate with customers on the services provided.   * Able to prepare and present internal reports to management on weekly basis      We Offer:   * Top Pay / Excellent Benefits Salary Plus monthly Commission & Achievement Bonus  * Medical Benefits   * 401K with Matching   * Paid Vacations
1571:supervising-job licence-needed	*Urgently Needed!*  Plumbing Foreman & Journeymen  *Are you interested in a career move that will put you in a position of financial, professional and personal growth?*  We are an established Mechanical & Plumbing company with nearly 40 years in the Denver area. This is an opportunity to join a team that has demonstrated strong integrity over the course of it's history along with providing the technical support to get the job done right the first time. We are looking for *Plumbing Foremen* with strong integrity and in depth knowledge of plumbing with an emphasis on multi family new construction. We are looking for candidates that want to work up to *Project Managers* positions and run multiple jobs.  *What would you do?* * Supervise multiple field technicians and employees * Provide technical support as necessary * Field coordination of crews and materials * Direct customer relations * Ensure proper documentation is being maintained by all personnel * Coordinate and ensure the timely completion of work for maximum profitability * Quality Control *Some qualities we are looking for:* * Colorado Journeyman plumbers license or better * Highly knowledgeable of plumbing systems, installation and troubleshooting * Leadership abilities * Strong knowledge of IPC * Excellent communication skills * Honesty, proficiency, integrity and a good work ethic * Pass a criminal background check and drug screen *Compensation:* * Pay DOE * Bonuses * Health * Life * Vision * Dental * Vacation *Please respond to this ad if you're interested!* *Candace * *Mai Mechanical * *4875 Pontiac Street * *Commerce City, CO 80022 *   * XXX  x 140 *
1572:supervising-job	Urgently Needed!  Are you interested in a career move that will put you in a position of financial, professional and personal growth?   Compensation: * Pay DOE * Bonuses * Vehicle * Health * Life * Vision * Dental * Vacation  * 6 Observed holidays * A GREAT working environment!  We are an established HVAC service and construction company with over 30 years in the Denver area. This is an opportunity to join a team that has demonstrated strong integrity over the course of it's history along with providing the technical expertise to get the job done right the first time. In keeping with a long tradition providing the highest quality service, right the first time and keeping integrity at the core we are looking for an Assistant Service Manager with an in depth knowledge of HVAC/R and/or plumbing.  What would you do? * Supervise multiple field technicians * Provide technical support as necessary * Estimation * Direct customer relations * Ensure proper documentation is being maintained by all field personnel * Coordinate and ensure the timely completion of work for maximum profitability * Quality Control  Some qualities we are looking for: * Colorado Journeyman plumbers license or better * CFC certification * Highly knowledgeable of plumbing systems, repair, installation and troubleshooting * Exceptional HVAC diagnostic skills * Leadership abilities * Strong mechanical aptitude * Excellent communication skills * Ability to discuss technical issues with non-tech people * Honesty, proficiency, integrity and a good work ethic * Willing to participate in an \"on call\" rotation * Pass a criminal background check and drug screen  If this sounds interesting, please email to this ad!
1574:supervising-job	Successful candidate will be responsible for 2nd shift fabrication operation as it relates to production, set-up, quality, safety, task assignments, facility security, shipping/receiving, and payroll reporting.  This position will be supported by production management.  Candidates will have High School Diploma or GED and a minimum of twelve months related experience. Prefer candidates with technical certificates or associates degree.  *Previous Manufacturing Group Leader experience is a must. *Knowledge and skill sets to ensure successful set-up and operation of all fabrication cells (Stamping, Press, Welding, Robotics) *Ability to motivate and work well with other individuals. *Ability to effectively communicate with team memebers and management staff. *Ability to identify, communicate and offer resolutions to problems. *Forklift experience / certification. *First Aid / Medic training *Lean Manufacturing
1591:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	My client, an exciting digital technology agency that provides pharmaceutical companies with cutting-edge solutions in multimedia, website & app development, needs to add another Technical Project Manager to their expanding team.  _Responsibilities include:_ * The Technical Project Manager will manage & participate in the implementation of customized interactive applications & enterprise software * Create feasibility/ROI studies for projects including time frame, resources needed, procedures to accomplish the project  * Scope out and set up documentation for large systems * Ensure team stays on track with deliverables & communicate progress to all stakeholders  * Identify & coordinate all communication needs between project management & technical developers * Translate project needs to the technical development team * The Technical Project Manager will elicit cooperation from upper management, clients, & other departments  * Prioritize & execute tasks under deadline pressure  * Adapt to shifting priorities, demands & timelines    _Qualifications include:_ * The Technical Project Manager will have 3-5+ years of experience in project management with 5+ years experience as an information technology professional * Experience in agile development * Experience/working knowledge of iOS  * Bachelor’s Degree in computer science or related degree  _The Technical Project Manager must also have the ability to:_ * Proactively set & manage priorities in a fast-paced environment * Articulate ideas to both technical and non-technical audiences  * Motivate in a team-oriented, collaborative environment  * Learn, understand, and apply new technologies 
1612:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Summary : Direct and manage multiple concurrent projects and personnel while ensuring their success in meeting their respective objectives (quality, schedule, budget, spec compliance, scope, technology)  Essential Duties and Responsibilities • Lead, direct, and manage project activities and personnel during proposal, design, commissioning, testing, and support periods • In conjunction with sales and engineering, analyze market future needs and ensure company can efficiently technically execute and staff future projects.  • Work with sales on proposal budget allocation and proposal technical descriptions and clarifications • Implement approved budgets and monitor actual expenses to ensure they fall within budgets, analyzing out-of-budget expenses, ensuring they are offset in other areas of the project unless fully justified and correct a root cause. • Ensure quality on time deliverables to consultants, customers, and end users • Create, monitor and manage project plan, project schedule, project schedule of values, change order log, action item log, PM plus/minus list, and other PM documents • Work with consultants, customers and end users at the proposal and execution stages • Maintain supervision project personnel, counseling on approach, setting expectation, maintaining schedules and ensuring objectives are being met or exceeded, identifying resource needs • Perform constant resource scheduling and ensure projects are suitably staffed • Apply and manage example@example.com project management procedures • Manage and minimize project risk • Present project status at project review meetings • Provide project financial status and forecast (i.e. revenue, profit, cash, left to spend) • Understand project contractual terms and conditions, and manage project within requirements • Keep high quality communications with project team (internal and external) • Develop and implement improved methods and procedures to improve the department product and service, improve the time taken to engineer specific elements (KPI’s) • Keep advised and provide counsel to management on PM industry standards, trends and new technology that can be incorporated into Alliant’s products and services • Coordinate with outside vendors on technical aspects, product needs, performance feedback, training, quality to ensure best practices are maintained  • Manage engineering design review, risk/opportunity, and other meetings at key stages within the project • Ensure quality on all PM deliverables – review and approve • Submit accurate on-time invoices and ensure their payment  • Challenge others to develop as leaders while serving as a role model and mentor • Lead change management initiative within project • Liaise with manufacturing before and during project manufacturing phase(s) • Conduct lessons learned at close of all projects and provide lessons learned results to company management • Provide input for annual reviews on engineering personnel a • Any other task as directed by management   Responsibility and Authority • Responsibility: noted above –project budget, schedule, compliance with law and regulations, invoicing, project cash, customer relationship during project execution, motivates team work • Authority: Change order pricing up to $250,000  Qualifications • Minimum BSEE, BCS, or BSME Degree or equivalent. • Strong analytical, verbal and written communications, leadership, delegation skills  Experience • 7 years project management experience • 5 years in a management of people (team of 5 or more)
1627:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	We are looking for an Online Marketing Manager/Director to develop and execute our overall B2C and B2B online marketing and customer acquisition strategy.  This is a unique opportunity for the right individual to join a great team and help build the business from the beginning.  Thuzio is an exciting new online marketplace for experiences.  Company is founded by experienced entrepreneurs and former professional athletes.  We are well funded and are currently launching our Beta product.   3-5+ years of online marketing experience a must. Candidates with fewer will not be considered.  Our ideal candidate is currently immersed in online marketing with experience across the key functions for a singular brand, e-commerce site or community platform.  Selling a product or service highly preferred over just content experience. • Social Media:  Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Pinterest, blogs YouTube etc. • SEO: Building great SEO through content, site design and links • Email/direct marketing:  Using email campaigns, lists and partnerships to reach out and  sell targeted customers. • SEM: Using paid search to drive traffic and sales.  Must be good at measuring, learning and ROI analysis using tools like Google analytics.  Desired Skills & Experience: • Proven understanding of social media strategies, trends and technologies • Demonstrated results in the online customer acquisition process, metrics and techniques • Experience building ROI driven analytics • Results oriented attitude and hands on approach to building a marketing funnel • Ability to write clear, impactful and persuasive marketing copy • High degree of computer literacy • Undergraduate degree • Strong team player who is easy to work with  Success factors • Experience in sports marketing and or E-commerce a big plus • Must thrive in a very fast paced, and ever changing business environment • Need to be able to handle small details while also developing the overall strategy • The ability to figure things out for the first time based on limited information  
1631:supervising-job licence-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	Countryside Manor is seeking a Resident Care Coordinator to join our caring and committed team. We desire a leader who is passionate about quality of life in long term care facilities and who can be a team leader as we create a system of competent care in a unique environment.   Our ideal candidate would be an RN who has at least 3 years experience in Skilled Nursing Facilities with at least 1 year of MDS experience. A knowledge of MDS, assessment scheduling, snf care planning, Medicare documentation, and the role of rehab in the long term care arena is essential. We also expect the highest integrity and committment to excellent patient/resident outcomes. Responsibilities include planning and coordinating assessments, care plans, and rehab services in a community committed to helping each resident achieve his or her highest goals.  Our facility has a long history of excellent regulatory compliance and of being a caring and supportive community for residents, family, and staff.  Please submit resume to be considered for this vital position and join our team!
1636:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Thrift Store Manager is responsible for maintaining all Thrift Store Operations including: merchandising, marketing, hiring, supervising, scheduling, sales and training. In the absence of the C.E.O., this position is the primary point of contact. This position requires a high degree of self-initiative, self-monitoring and be able to maintain a good working relationship with thrift store staff and customers.  Required Skills: • Merchandising • Pricing • Inventory management • Scheduling • Staffing • Marketing • Inventory control • Budgeting • Sales and Merchandising System design and implementation  We are currently looking for a experienced thrift store manager to head up our new thrift store. Experienced at store merchandising, sorting, pricing, and inventory control is required.  Must promote a good team environment with over sight of all staffing and scheduling of employees.   Experience/Education: • Must have a minimum of 7 years prior Management experience that includes managing direct reports. • Must have a minimum of 5 years of Thrift Store Management experience. • Must have a minimum 5 years of retail marketing in a thrift store environment. • Must have a demonstrated background opening Thrift Store Operations. • Must have a valid driver’s license, a clean DMV record and the ability to be added to the company auto policy.
1647:associate-needed salary 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Alabama Pain Physicians is a comprehensive pain management practice committed to improving the quality of life of our patients. We utilize cutting edge technology and advanced procedures to establish an accurate diagnosis and treatment plan to ultimately minimize pain and increase function.   *Description * The Healthcare Compliance Manager will be responsible for carrying out the roles of Compliance Manager, Privacy Manager, and Health Information Management (Medical Records).  *Job Responsibilities* The Compliance Manager will oversee the Corporate Compliance Program, functioning as an independent and objective body that reviews and evaluates compliance issues/concerns within the organization. The position ensures the Board of Directors, management and employees are in compliance with the rules and regulations of regulatory agencies, that company policies and procedures are being followed, and that behavior in the organization meets the company’s Code of Conduct.  The Compliance Manager will also function as Privacy Manager by overseeing all ongoing activities related to the development, implementation, maintenance of, and adherence to the organization’s policies and procedures covering the privacy of, and access to, patient health information in compliance with federal and state laws and the healthcare organization’s information privacy practices.  Furthermore, the Compliance Manager will be responsible for all Health Information Management and be responsible for maintaining the security, confidentiality, completeness, and accuracy of the medical records in accordance with policies and procedures and with guidelines of regulatory agencies.   *Essential Job Duties*  *Compliance * 1.Develop, initiate, maintain, and revise policies and procedures for the general operation of the Compliance Program and its related activities to prevent illegal, unethical, or improper conduct. Manages day-to-day operation of the Program.  2.Collaborate with other departments to direct compliance issues to appropriate existing channels for investigation and resolution. Consults with legal counsel as needed to resolve difficult legal compliance issues.  3.Coordinate in the development of the annual clinical documentation education workshop and monitor external auditing of provider’s coding and billing in accordance to the Corporate Compliance Plan.  4.Review, analyze, and respond to medical information requests by all federal, state, and 3rd party requestors (i.e., CMS, CERT, QIO, RAC, HEDIS) in a timely manner.  5.Review requested medical information for completeness and compliance.  6.Obtain missing documentation and/or clarification of documentation as necessary and appropriate.  7.Work closely with Human Resources and others as appropriate to develop an effective compliance training program, including appropriate introductory training for new employees as well as ongoing training for all employees and managers.  8.Work closely with billing and coding to ensure accuracy of claims submission.  9.Maintain attendance rosters and documentation (agenda, handouts, and so on) for training programs. 10.Maintain Compliance Issues Log within department. 11.Maintain a communication tracking process for patient complaints in documentation with resolution. 12.Provide feedback and focused educational programs on the results of auditing and monitoring activities to affected staff and physicians. 13.Report noncompliance issues detected through auditing and monitoring, nature of corrective action plans implemented in response to identified problems, and results of follow-up audits to the Compliance Committee. 14.Receive and investigate reports of compliance violations and communicate this information to the corresponding senior management, CEO, and Compliance Committee. 15.Ensure the appropriate dissemination and communication of all regulation, policy, and guideline changes to affected personnel. 16.Provide guidance for department managers, staff, physicians, and administration to obtain information or clarification on accurate and ethical coding and documentation standard guidelines, and regulatory requirements. 17.Recommend revisions to the corporate compliance program to improve its effectiveness. 18.Provide reports on a regular basis, and as directed or requested, to keep the Compliance Committee, the Board of Directors and senior management informed of the operation and progress of compliance efforts. 19.Review all reported issues, concerns, or questions relative to Compliance, Privacy, and Medical Records. 20.Maintain OSHA training and documentation.   *Privacy and Health Information Management*  1.Oversee, direct, deliver or ensure delivery of initial and annual HIPAA training to all employees and affiliates.  2.Participate in the development, implementation, and ongoing compliance monitoring of all business associates agreements, to ensure all privacy concerns, requirements, and responsibilities are addressed.  3.Manage the contracts of Release of Information, including audits and legal requests for both electronic and paper records, radiology films, and billing receipts.  4.Manage the Document Imaging Operators including time and attendance, productivity, and performance of scanning/indexing in the electronic health record.  5.Provide oversight for record retention and destruction.  6.Work closely with EHR/IT Department in various functions for roll out projects and system upgrades.  7.Perform random audits and assist with maintaining electronic health record scanning/indexing system.  8.Develop and oversee processes in the HIM Department; ensure that HIM processes and controls are evaluated against the organization’s internal and external information needs on an ongoing basis.  9.Serve as an internal consultant on health information management issues including release of information, confidentiality, information security, information storage and retrieval, and record retention as well as authorship and authentication of health record documentation.   *Job Requirements*  *Education/Experience and Skills* •Bachelors Degree in Health Information Management, or related to healthcare and/or compliance.   •Associates Degree in Health Information Technology with a minimum of 5 years experience  •Minimum 5 – 10 years experience in healthcare, compliance, or health information management  •2 years of supervisory experience •Valid driver’s license  *Desired:* •Masters degree in health or law  •Registered Health Information Administrator (RHIA) or Registered Health Information Technician (RHIT)  •Nationally recognized Compliance certification   *Skills:* •Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing and to maintain confidentiality of sensitive information.  •Professional business attitude, appearance and demeanor.   •Strong managerial, leadership, problem solving skills and interpersonal skills.  •Excellent analytical skills and presentation skills.  •Motivated, organized, detailed orient and able to multi-task in a busy office environment.  •Ability to work independently with minimal supervision and collaborative with members of the healthcare team.  •Experience in legal issues in a healthcare environment.  •Extensive knowledge of reimbursement systems.  •Extensive knowledge of medical diagnostic and procedural coding principles and guidelines.  •Extensive knowledge of federal, state, and payer-specific regulations and policies pertaining to documentation, coding, and billing.  •Ability to design and conduct or direct internal coding and billing audits.  •Skills in coordinating and responding to audits by governmental or private payors. •Basic Computer skills (Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook) and 1-2 years of experience with an electronic medical records system.   *Benefits:* We offer our employees a competitive salary plus a comprehensive benefits package.  *Benefits will include:* •Medical and Dental Healthcare Plans •Retirement plan •Vacation and Holiday paid time off
1651:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	American IT Solutions, Inc. is seeking a Senior RHEL Administrator for a long term contract (6-12 month) assignment with a client in lower Manhattan.  This is an immediate need!  We are seeking a senior onsite RHEL Server Administrator with 5+ years of experience in the NYC who is well versed in RHEL administration, DNS fundamentals, BIND Network fundamentals, RHEL security setting, Linux diagnostics tools and RHEL 4,5 and 6 versions.  This is a (6-12) month onsite engagement with limited travel requiree.  This candidate also needs to be familiar with Satellite server, RHEL Cluster Manager, and Kickstart server.  Experience with Cron, shell or Perl scripting is required.   Production environmental proficiency with NIS, NFS, BIND, Sendmail SNMP, TFTP, Syslogd, Snort, and Splunk is highly desirable.   Knowledge of interfacing technologies: SAN (Brocade and Cisco), storage arrays (Netapps), RHEL running on ESX/VMs and networking necessary is valuable.  Ability to demonstrate analytical/problem solving ability, time management, oral/written communications and organizational skills is required.  RHCE certification a real plus.     Additional requirements:     1.     Provides specialized systems support for the implementation, administration, and operation of development and production systems through the following activities:  -        Coordinating the activities of systems management staff, including planning future projects, scheduling conflicting and interdependent tasks, monitoring work in progress, and training staff on system administrative and operational procedures.  -        Performing complex troubleshooting tasks related to system and data communications hardware and software and providing technical support to other staff in areas where additional technical expertise is needed.  -        Assisting in documenting system administrative and operational procedures including areas of system hardware implementation, system software installation and maintenance, production software deployment, production system configuration and administration, production system monitoring, and development system administration.  -        Coordinating with third-party hosting services and hardware and software product vendors to respond to events and resolve issues that arise in the use of those services and products in the operation of systems.  -        Acting as project leader on new equipment specification, acquisition, and installation, including evaluation of current and proposed hardware and software requirements, and testing and evaluating products for their applicability to needs.  2.      Develops and prepares analytical and statistical reports concerning hardware performance and system throughput capability to assist systems management with long and short term capacity planning and performance / scalability objectives for both development and production systems.  3.      Assists in supervising system management operations and provides leadership in handling issues as they occur  4.      Maintains current knowledge of developments in the field  5.      Participates in special project and performs other duties as assigned.  1.     High level of expertise in management of  UNIX and Linux operating systems. (Solaris and Red Hat)  2.     Writes and maintains advanced scripts in Perl and shell scripting languages.     Knowledge/Skills/Abilities:  -        Through knowledge of formal principles and practices/techniques in system and network concepts and technology.    -        Excellent analytical skills, including the ability to perform advanced research that involves interpretation and analysis from a variety of sources, including sources and/or data that need to be developed.  -        Demonstrated ability to write and edit technical documentation.  -        Effective oral and written communication skills including the ability to effectively communicate technical information to both technical and non-technical personnel, and to communicate and advise others on issues that are complex and/or sensitive in nature.  -        Demonstrated leadership and project management skills, including the ability to organize and lead the work of others performing closely related or allied work.  -        Excellent interpersonal skills including proven ability to work in a facilitation and liaison capacity.  -        Demonstrated ability to work effectively and independently in an atmosphere of multiple projects, shifting priorities, and deadline pressure.  -        Ability to work flexible hours in order to perform problem diagnosis and/or implementation of product releases or changes, so that normal system operational workflow is not disturbed.  -        Ease with create certificate request and installing certificates with keytool.  
1653:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	Bottom Line Requirements: 1. 5 + years of Agency and Hospital experience with Revenue Cycle management. 2. 5+ years of system-level projects in a healthcare environment. 3. Bachelor degree in Business or related field. 4. Management experience 5. Salesforce experience preferred 6. Ability to travel 100%   Additional Requirements: Ideal candidate will have 5+years of healthcare Revenue Cycle management background (agency and hospital preferred), along with 5+ years in system-level projects in the healthcare environment. You should also possess the following traits: *         Possess a strong financial and business acumen *         Exhibit critical thinking, problem identification and resolution skills along with process improvement. *         Ability to identify new /additional revenue opportunities for the company. *         Ability to interact with clients, Sales, Information Technology and all members of the project team (internal and external) to understand requirements, development methodology, deploy best practices, and facilitate the execution of deliverables *         Ability to travel 100%   Job description: We are looking for someone with strong agency and hospital revenue cycle management experience. The function of The Client Services Manager is to manage and develop all clients.  In this role you will be the liaison between management, Sales, and our Clients.  As the primary point of contact for our clients you will hold the responsibility to deliver various aspects of service and maintain client retention  through communication of detailed reporting; performance reviews; analytical assessment, relationship building, value-add service delivery, and additional service offerings.    This position will be based out of Vero Beach Florida and will have dual reporting to the Chief Operating Officer and to the Senior Vice President.  The Client Services Manager may also be involved in speaking engagements representing the company, education delivery/events for clients/industry contacts, exhibiting/marketing, new product development and existing product/service line enhancement.  This position requires the ability to travel (as much as 100% at times) nationally.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities: * Develop and maintains a strong understanding of company operational workflow across all business lines and be able to communicate this knowledge to our clients at a high level, as needed * Develops strong working relationships with assigned clients and Operational Managers, and Sales * Manages and communicates expectations internally and externally * Manages the service component of the client relationship * Educates clients on various processes and procedures assisting with awareness, navigation and self-help tools * Conducts regularly scheduled status calls with client to discuss important key service topics, to review projects in clients queue and to discuss available service offerings. During the calls or visits, it is necessary to communicate operational information / data to the client. * Provide a Pro-active approach to identify potential client issues and raise these issues to the appropriate operational managers along with notification to executive leadership team * Monitors monthly service level/availability management reports to identify possible trends in service level agreement (SLA) \"misses\" and works with appropriate operational area if \"misses\" fall within guidelines of a contractual penalty * Acts as an escalation point between client and operations / sales * Participates in project kickoffs to ensure understanding of project expectations and scope, ensures proper resources are assigned, monitors target dates and ensures billing is accurate and on time * Identifies opportunities to provide more products, services or other resources to clients. * May participate in business reviews to learn about clients' strategic direction as well as gain a good understanding of the services the company is offering * Considerable time spent identifying and addressing client needs: building, maintaining, and utilizing networks of client relationships * Communicating value propositions; managing resource requirements, project workflow, preparing and/or coordinating complex written and verbal materials.
1655:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed salary	The Marketing and Business Development Manager is responsible for producing content to market and communicate IAFT’s mission and enhance its visibility and reputation. This person will promote IAFT’s programs, services and people to target audiences via timely news and information, and curate consistent messaging across media channels that support the IAFT’s marketing and communications objectives.  Job Description:  Role and Responsibilities • Commitment to IAFT’s mission, vision, values and goals. • Produce original and maintain regular content for all media channels, including traditional and new media for external and internal consumption and engagement. • Lead IAFT’s strategic marketing efforts, including the development of a strategic marketing plan, in collaboration with all divisions and academic departments of the college.  o Draft, finalize, and review marketing plans. o Draft, finalize and review marketing budget. (Monthly marketing final budget) o Accounting for marketing department (how much was spent and etc.) should be proficient in Excel. • Identify and execute effective marketing activities to enhance and support student recruitment, institutional advancement, faculty achievements, campus events and other institutional initiatives.  o Attend meetings and interviews on behalf of IAFT o Attend committee meetings at the Chamber of Commerce o Plan and make rundown for all fairs, open houses, workshop and events. o New concepts are created and executed efficiently and expediently • Enhance IAFT’s communication strategies with consistent and effective messaging and branding that will help achieve the IAFT’s mission, goals and strategic objectives.  o Cultivate a strong media presence with all media platforms that has a contract with IAFT to help achieve marketing and communication objectives. o Manage appropriate Web analytics and IAFT’s tools in order to evaluate the effectiveness of online efforts and determine how to best invest resources in marketing, public relations, and social media efforts; provide access to reports. • Oversee the IAFT’s print, digital, online and social media presence to improve marketing, branding and communication.  o Prep materials for website logs. o Prep materials for Facebook logs o Arrange printing, payment and pick up for marketing materials and confirm orders with follow up for anything that needs to be edited. o Prepare for advertisement with graphic designer and make sure they are sent out on time to the advertisement company. o Assist in the collection of news, artwork, photos and multimedia for IAFT marketing and communications use, including coverage of select college events and functions such as Open Houses, Career Fairs, and Orientation. • Develop internal communication strategies to foster IAFT’s community and connection. o Attend weekly staff meetings o Obtaining approval for funds o Conduct training and provide support for content contributors following IAFT’s guidelines, best practices and standards for appropriate media. o Work closely with coworkers and IT department to ensure that the technology for the IAFT’s electronic communications support a robust interactive experience for users. o Work closely with IAFT’s admissions department to ensure consistency of brand, information, and content presentation across all media. • Oversee the marketing department to make sure that all tasks are completed in a precise and timely manner. • Keep current with design technology and tools and stay up-to-date on design trends and best practices. • Perform other duties as assigned by the Campus Director and/or CEO. Qualifications and Education Requirements • Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university in broadcasting, journalism, marketing, advertising, public relations, new media, communications or related field. • Minimum of two years of experience writing, editing, producing, and organizing marketing and communication initiatives.  Experience with multiple types of media preferred. • Demonstrated success in journalism, advertising, marketing, media or public relations. • Excellent written, oral and interpersonal and communication skills; knowledge of grammar and style and strong attention to detail. • Strong understanding of how the written word, graphic design, photos, videos, electronic communications and social media are used to successfully achieve communication objectives. • Ability to work unsupervised and manage several projects simultaneously in a fast-paced work environment. • Ideal candidates will possess basic to intermediate skills in the following: o Adobe Creative Suite o Digital photography/video production and editing o Website design and content management systems o Blogging and e-newsletter platforms o Social media management o Search Engine Optimization o Online metrics and analytics • Strong human relations and interpersonal skills to interact positively and effectively with diverse populations. • Ability to handle confidential matters with discretion and perform with a high level of personal and professional integrity and ethics. • Prior work experience in a college setting preferred. • Understanding and commitment to IAFT’s philosophy. • Must possess a valid driver’s license.  Location: Las Vegas / Los Angeles Salary range: $35K - $40K  www.example.com
1659:supervising-job	HARC helps people with intellectual disability and their families enjoy lives of quality, inclusion and dignity by providing support, education, and advocacy.     HARC was founded in 1951 by a small group of parents whose mission was to address the challenges of intellectual disability. Years ago, when a child was identified as having intellectual disability, he or she was almost always referred to an institution. There were few, if any, programs or services available to help the child living at home.      Job Description   Is responsible for assuring the residents are receiving all of the supports they require as individuals and as a group of people sharing a living space/residence by assisting the Director of Resident Supports with the following areas; levels of individual supports may range from intermittent to pervasive supports.  •Supports the residents by ensuring their overall health and safety meeting all state,        local and agency regulations, policies, procedures and practices.  •Supports the residents by delegating routine tasks, both resident specific and residence specific to the Assistant Coordinator of Resident Supports, Resident Support Assistant, Substitutes and Volunteers.  •Provides supervision to the Assistant Coordinator of Resident Supports, Resident Support Assistant, Substitutes and Volunteers in all areas that impact the residents’ support requirements.  •Maintains close communication with the Director of Resident Supports and Director of Resident Supports surrounding the hiring or recommended termination of Assistant Coordinator of Resident Supports, Resident Support Assistant, and Personal Support Assistants.  Supports the residents by assisting them with the administration of their medications in accordance with DDS, Medication Administration Certification requirements while considering each individual resident’s level of support needs.  Keeps in mind that individual levels of support may range from intermittent to pervasive supports.  Provides support staff with guidance surrounding each resident’s individual needs in this area while assuring all documentation and practices required by DDS and the agency are completed, thus ensuring the residents’ health and safety.  Supports the residents and resident support staff by evaluating or assisting with the identification, assessment and reporting of circumstances occurring at the time a person experiences, a seizure, injury, illness, behavioral episode and/or any other medical or emotional difficulty a resident may have.  Assures all documentation that is designed to ensure each resident receives proper emergency supports as needed is complete and Director of Resident Supports/Director of Resident Supports is notified.  Supports the residents by providing an efficient system to residents and support staff that will assure the residents’ timely, effective medical treatment both as mandated and as needed, thus, ensuring each resident a safe and healthful life.  Supports the residents by assisting them with personal hygiene needs such as, tooth brushing, flossing, showering, toileting, menstruation care.  These supports will range from intermittent to pervasive levels.    Demonstrates the ability to communicate effectively with all people, using multi-modality communication systems when needed to effectively support an individual resident.    Regular attendance and punctuality with limited unscheduled absences is essential.    www.example.com
1661:supervising-job	Position Summary: Coordinate Volunteer Service Program in assigned territories including recruiting volunteer station agencies, enrolling volunteer participants, maintaining communication and positive relationships with station agencies and volunteer participants; program data collection, record keeping and reporting.  Essential Duties/ Responsibilities: • Provide oversight of participating station agencies to ensure compliance in assigned territories. • Recruit, enroll, monitor and evaluate participating station agencies in assigned territories. • Ensure that a Memorandum of Agreement is in place for each participating station agency within assigned territories. • Maintain positive working relationship and regular communication with participating station agency representatives. • Conduct site visits of participating station agencies. • Conduct volunteer intake and orientation. • Serve as a representative for the  program in the community. • Collect volunteer information for background check, agency records and other needs. • Maintain and update volunteer records as appropriate. • Collect and record volunteer hours twice monthly. • Prepare monthly program reports. • Maintain regular contact with program volunteers to ensure program compliance. • Resolve issues with volunteers and participating station agencies such as attendance, ability, communication, etc. • Coordinate removal or reassignment of volunteers from station agency assignments as necessary. 
1663:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	*About Solum* Solum provides information to farmers that will allow them to efficiently increase yields by applying crop nutrients in the right amount, at the right place, and at the right time using high-resolution soil measurements.   The company’s proprietary measurement tools also make agriculture more sustainable by reducing the loss of nutrients to the environment.   Solum’s soil measurements are accompanied by software-based data support tools that enable better fertilizer decisions, as well as informing seed density, seed selection, and other management practices.   Understanding that growers worldwide seek to maximize yields and profitability as both commodity prices and input costs continue to rise, Solum offers patented hardware and software solutions to achieve these objectives by providing the information that is required to farm every acre optimally.  Founded in 2009, Solum reflects the best attributes of a startup: a large and unmet market need, the technical capacity to meet that need, strong and smart venture capital backing, and a fully committed team with a culture of innovation.  This is an opportunity to be in on the ground floor with a company that is poised to make an enormous positive impact in agriculture.  *Job Summary*: Solum is seeking a versatile and efficient Office Manager who will manage and be responsible for the smooth running of the office. This will include facility management, bookkeeping, executive support,  and HR responsibilities.   *Functions and Responsibilities*: • Bookkeeping:  AP, AR, payroll, etc. • HR responsibilities: ensuring compliance with all local and federal HR laws, assisting with hiring and onboarding, reviewing time cards and PTO, etc.  • Executive support including making travel arrangements, reviewing documents as needed  • Facility management: creating and managing office systems, keeping supplies stocked, assisting with purchasing as needed, maintaining office equipment, etc.  • General office assistance: answering phones, copying, scanning, faxing, running miscellaneous errands, etc.  *Qualifications*: • Able to work in the US without any restrictions • Demonstrated ability to work in a fast paced environment  • Demonstrated ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both written and orally • Demonstrated ability to operate both independently and with a team • Detail oriented • Excellent organizational skills  *Education/Experience*: • Bachelor’s degree from four year college/university or equivalent • Minimum of 5 years experience in related job field • Experience with Quickbooks, Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint 
1665:full-time-job supervising-job	We have a fantastic opportunity for a District Manager with a growing business!  The District Manager is responsible for overseeing multiple stores in several cities. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to managing their assigned store sales and operations, controlling expenses, employee relations, accounting, merchandising, and loss prevention.    District Managers are also ultimately responsible for ensuring the highest level of customer service throughout the stores. A District Manager is a role model and leader and solves problems, makes informed decisions and manages the workforce time wisely in order to achieve maximum results.    TASK AND RESPONSIBILITIES  • Conduct store operations orientation, train and coach the store staff in execution of daily tasks and to maximize sales.   • Participate in administering company policies and developing long range goals and objectives.   • Coordinate sales promotion activities and pricing of merchandise.   • Oversee preparation of merchandise placement and displays.   • Review operational reports and records to ensure adherence to Company policies and procedures, monitor store profitability, and manage store expenses and budgets.   • Analyze marketing potential of new and existing store locations and recommend additional sites or closing of existing stores.   • Coordinate new store openings and/ or closing of existing locations.   • Ensure that proper channels of communication exist between the stores and corporate office.   • Oversee compliance of Store Managers with established Company policies and standards, such as safekeeping of Company property, personnel practices, security, sales and record-keeping procedures, and overall maintenance of the stores by performing required audits.   • Help solve problems that affect the stores service, efficiency, and productivity.   • Inspect premises of stores to ensure that adequate security exists and that physical facilities comply with safety and environmental codes and ordinances.   • Assist in the recruitment and hiring of the most qualified store staff to meet the district's needs.   • Any other tasks as assigned from time to time.      COMPETENCIES  • Ability to develop and train work force, build relationships, utilize skills of workforce most appropriately.   • Ability to merchandise and manage store operations effectively.   • Bi-lingual English / Spanish preferred   • Ability to maintain a fair, consistent set of standards as they apply to work force.   • Ability to adjust priorities and manage time wisely in a fast-paced environment.   • Ability to maintain records and documentation pertaining to work force.   • Ability to communicate in a clear, concise, understandable manner, and listen attentively to others, understands material, and provides instructions to all employees.   • Ability to operate all equipment necessary to perform the job.     REQUIREMENTS  • Ability to work a full-time schedule including nights, weekends, and holidays as needed.   • Retail management experience a plus   • Strong interpersonal, communication, organization and follow-through skills.   • Availability to travel.    PHYSICAL DEMANDS  • Must be able to lift at least 30lbs   • Flexibility to travel and adopt to consent changing and fast pace environment   • Must be able to climb ladders, push, pull and reach over shoulders   • Must be able to stand and walk for long periods of time     We offer a competitive compensation package with benefits, and company provided vehicle.  Our company is a prominent retail services provider with over 18 years in the retail industry.  
1670:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job full-time-job associate-needed	Thomas Petroleum has an opportunity for an experienced Terminal Manager.  This Terminal Manager will manage our facility in Reno, Nevada.  Responsibilities:  Management  Safety  Delivery planning and scheduling  Fleet maintenance  Customer Service  DOT compliance  After-hours “On call” rotation   Requirements:  3+ years supervisory experience  2+ years working in Dispatching,       Logistics and Transportation  Strong Business and Financial knowledge  Strong Communication and Organizational Skills  Microsoft Office   Preferred:  2 or 4 year college degree  Petroleum, Lubricants and Chemical Experience   Founded in 1980, Thomas Petroleum, LLC has become a leading supplier of quality and competitively priced petroleum products, chemicals and services. We sell and deliver in 23 states from 32 terminals.  Whether it's 500 or 5 million gallons - with full lines of lubricants, motor fuels, biofuels, mining products and services, gas treating chemicals and oilfield services, we’ve got you covered. We take pride in fulfilling all of your petroleum and chemical needs and exceeding your expectations. Our modern trucking fleet will deliver to your site always with an emphasis on safety and environmental integrity – always with the goal of on time, in full.  Our goal is to continue to raise the bar on a standard of excellence by maintaining a market leadership position in our chosen areas of operations. We strive to be the employer of choice, attracting the best talent in our industry. Thomas Petroleum is continually reinvesting in our company to upgrade our facilities, technologies and fleet to maintain and sharpen our customer driven focus. We know we have to earn your business every day.
1671:2-4-years-experience-needed associate-needed supervising-job	The Frac Manager is responsible for the overall operation of the Frac operation for their assigned warehouse.  This includes Managing Company Property, Inventory Control, Budgeting, Personnel Management, Staffing and Scheduling, and Administrative Duties. The Frac Manager reports to the VP of Operations.  Minimum Qualifications and Prerequisites: 2+ years supervisory experience.  2+ years working in dispatching, logistics and the transportation of fuels, lubricants or chemicals.  Associates or Bachelor Degree (Business, Management, Petroleum Distribution) a plus.  Strong business and financial knowledge and accounting practices. Effectively work in a dynamic team environment and have the flexibility to adapt to changes. Reliable and punctual, as well as the ability to thrive in a fast-paced, change-oriented, high-pressure work environment. Strong communication and organizational skills. Available to be on-call 24/7.  Schedule must be flexible to include being available to work any day of the week.  Work week may exceed 40 hours per week. Be on week-end call on a rotating basis. Experience in recruiting, interviewing, hiring, counseling, and issuing disciplinary action. Computer literate. Ability to use Microsoft Office, Microsoft Word, Excel, and email experience.  Knowledge of DM2, SAP; Oracle; or other accounting software/databases preferred.   Must have proven people skills.  Able to motivate employees and resolve conflict in a team environment. Demonstrates effective problem solving/analytical skills and pays attention to details. CDL w/endorsements a plus.  Essential Personnel Management Duties and Responsibilities:   Responsible for overseeing the quality of training, motivating and maintaining qualified employees to meet our warehouse business model, customer needs and expectations.  Frac Manager is the role model and mentor to their employees.  Encourages employees to seek and achieve their potential within the company.  Manages a diverse and qualified warehouse team.  Does not tolerate the mistreatment or harassment of an employee due to their race, color, sex, religion, national origin, citizenship, status, age, disability, or sexual orientation. Knowledgeable about company benefits and opportunities. Follows our performance improvement process and works with an employee to change their performance when the employee’s performance does not meet our company standards. Responsible for the initial and continued training, education and development of all employees assigned to their warehouse.  All warehouse employees will be trained according to corporate policies, procedures, and guidelines. During the employee appraisal period, submit for approval and conduct performance reviews for each employee. Initiates, completes and submits all employee paperwork in a timely manner.  Treats every employee fair and in a professional business manner. Ensures employee’s work time is submitted each week to the Payroll department. Essential Personnel Management Duties and Responsibilities continued:   Support, lead and motivate with a high degree of energy the warehouse team of administrative staff and front-line employees (drivers).  Essential Staffing and Scheduling Duties and Responsibilities: Schedules and dispatch drivers. Responsible for the active recruiting, interviewing, and hiring the most qualified employees to staff the warehouse. Responsible for the completion and posting of the work schedule in a timely manner.  Work schedule should be posted in an area where all employees can review. Upon approval, adjusts the work schedule to meet the needs of our customers or traffic pattern. Frac Manager will train Dispatchers, Field Supervisors, and Assistant Frac Managers capable of fulfilling the Frac Manager’s responsibilities in their absence. Proactive in recruiting, hiring and training candidate(s) to fill an opening which may be coming open or available. Help other Terminal’s in recruiting, interviewing process or loaning staff to fill their staffing opportunities. Communicate staffing needs to other Terminal’s, HR and VP of Terminal. The Frac Manager may be asked to participate in any other related task or activity which management determines his/her skills would be useful or needed. Essential Net Profit and Budgeting Duties and Responsibilities:   Responsible for the overall net profit of the warehouse.   Maintain selling and operating expenses at or below budgeted levels. Maintain awareness of utility expenses and proactively seeks opportunities to lower utility costs. Provides accurate and timely estimates and analysis of net operating profit and budget compliance. Responsible for communicating budgeted sales, expenses, and profitability to employees, maintaining awareness of budgeted levels and achievements achieved or not achieved.   Weekly review time records to monitor adherence to the warehouse labor allowance.  Review monthly Terminal report and be able to discuss positive and negative trends.  Establish a plan to continue the positive trends.  Create and implement an action plan to turn the negative trends in to positive trends.    Essential Company Property Management Duties and Responsibilities:  Ensures all safety procedures and practices are being practiced by all employees.  Understand, monitor and assist drivers to be in compliance with all DOT and hazardous  materials regulations.  Ensures his/her warehouse is a safe place to work and in compliance with company and  governmental standards and guidelines.  Responsible to report any employee, customer, third party safety incident, injury and/or damage to property per established procedures.  Maintains all financial reports and documents in a secure area. Does not discuss or share confidential information with competitors, vendors or customers. Ability to open and close the Warehouse if applicable or in case of an emergency.   Essential Company Property Management Duties and Responsibilities continued:  Responsible to familiarize all employees with preventive maintenance and reporting  procedures for any equipment which is unsafe or not operating. Follows up and reports any inadequate response/repair to maintenance issues.  Periodically or as directed, conducts property and equipment inspections noting any maintenance needs/repairs and notifying the appropriate person or company responsible.   Daily general warehouse condition and image should meet or exceed Company expectations. Manage on-going fleet, equipment and fleet maintenance. Conduct product inventory at least once a month.  Essential Administrative Duties and Responsibilities: Responsible for completing all administrative duties in a timely fashion with a high degree of accuracy to insure correct terminal reporting. Insures each delivery ticket is entered to successfully complete timely payment. Responsible for all required paperwork to be completed accurately and entered via the  computer each day and on time.  Required inventory counts/audits are conducted, verified and posted as directed.  All variations after counts and audits are reviewed and action taken to remain in compliance.  Itinerary and schedule(s) submitted as directed. Monitors and processes price changes, bad merchandise and damaged product for proper credit. Ensures all company manuals and other issued books/manuals are current and available.  Anticipate, identify, prioritize, and resolve/eliminate problems through effective delivery planning and scheduling.  Ensure that committed delivery times are successful as scheduled.   Respond to and report service failures as required.    Essential Sales Duties and Responsibilities: Responsible for meeting and/or exceeding budgeted net profit and volume goals. Communicate sales and profitability goals to terminal team and provide timely feedback on results. Takes or assumes an active role in developing forecasts goals. Ensure the overall customer’s experience including safety, warehouse condition, in-stock efficiency, pricing and service meets or exceeds established Company standards. Plan and assign deliveries to maximize productivity and customer service.  Essential Merchandising Duties and Responsibilities: Responsible for his/her Operation’s compliance with corporate pricing.   Provides necessary assistance to maintain and update Warehouse layouts. Maintains proper ordering and inventory levels. Only authorized products are offered for sale.
1681:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Etherios (www.example.com) is a rapidly growing cloud computing consultancy and software development company specializing in salesforce.com and the Force.com platform.  We design, develop and deploy simple to highly complex cloud-based implementations, customization and integrations.  We seek highly motivated, intellectually curious individuals who are eager to build outstanding careers with like-minded cloud computing professionals.  *Responsibilities*   * Managing a consulting practice of enterprise technical consultants across all required business functions for delivering enterprise force.com-based implementations * Implementing & supporting implementation methodologies, cross-functional engagement such as pre-sales or corporate marketing to sustain rapid growth within the organization and force.com delivery practice * Report directly to the global delivery lead, and collaborating with the CTO to identify & execute on strategies designed to meet & exceed organizational goals * Providing thought leadership to Sales, Delivery and Partner teams in the Force.com Platform to deliver Customer success.  Working on cross-function teams to drive sales, adoption and enablement activities within Etherios and our customer base. * Developing assets (tools, methodologies, presentations, blogs, etc.) that can be leveraged during the pre-sales and post-sales processes by our sales and consulting organizations. * Providing expertise to help Account Teams as they craft and deliver a compelling Social Enterprise vision, through presentations, demonstrations, pilots and POCs. * Providing advice in respect to application and integration development best practices, Enterprise Architecture standards, functional and technical solution architecture & design, environment management, testing, and Force.com Platform education. * Leading and mentoring other team members in managing customer expectations, leveraging relationships with executive management or external resources and appropriately engaging them when needed. * Identifying and leading internal strategic initiatives to grow the consulting practice, leveraging junior teammates to achieve individual as well as team growth; serving as an active contributor to the practice knowledge and resource base; mentor, educate, and enrich technical and non-technical salesforce.com, customer and partner colleagues. * Building relationships with business partners, internal and external, and contributing to broader goals and growth beyond the scope of a single customer engagement.  *Required Skills*   * 8+ years of enterprise consulting experience, including implementation experience with one or more common enterprise software solutions (e.g. CRM, ERP), filling positions of increasing responsibility and management of more junior technical resources; experience with Waterfall and/or Agile implementation methodologies. * 4+ years experience as a Technical Architect in a mid to large sized organizations. * 2+ years experience delivering force.com-based solutions to mid to large sized organizations. * Proven ability to analyze, design, and optimize business processes via technology and integration, including leadership in guiding customers and colleagues in rationalizing and deploying emerging technology for business use cases with the ability to garner support for ideas and selling them to both internal and external constituents. * A thorough understanding of Web Services, data modeling, security, configuration and enterprise application integration concepts, including experience with Enterprise Integration tools such as ESBs and/or ETL tools, and common design patterns with specific boundary systems (e.g. CMS, ERP, HRIS, DWH/DM). * Demonstrably excellent, context-specific communication and presentation skills across a variety of audiences and situations, including CxO and other executives; established habit of proactivity and ability to self-start/learn/manage across a wide variety of disciplines. * Team player with strong listening and interpersonal skills; strong desire to take on constructive feedback/coaching and make definitive changes; self-awareness and the ability to adapt communication and interaction styles to best suit an audience, situation, or desired outcome. * Detail and quality oriented individual with the ability to rapidly learn and take advantage of new concepts, business models, and technologies. * Demonstrated desire and action in learning new technologies and staying current on existing ones, pursuing experience and certifications in leading edge or primary technology areas. * Polished public speaker with the ability to evangelize best practices at various levels within a large organization. * Travel regularly (average of 50%), but may be higher or lower based on the client engagement.   *Desired Skills*   * Certified Force.com Technical Architect * Certified Force.com Advanced Developer * Big 5 consulting experience
1686:bs-degree-needed supervising-job salary	Join a well established national commercial service company overseeing 3 locations in the east bay area of northern California. Will be responsible for hiring, training, operations, sales and supervision of outside crews.     Base salary $100-120K + bonus + car expense + laptop + smart phone + good benefits including 401K.    Bachelors preferred + multi branch management experience in a B2B commercial service organization.(no retail please)    Relocation package
1696:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	The purchasing/materials manager is responsible for ensuring that all purchases are made in accordance with the company’s purchasing policy and that they provide the best overall value to the company. This will be accomplished by providing timely and appropriate delivery of goods and services, proper documentation and procedure, support of accounting controls, and responsibility for the purchasing process.    Essential Functions:  • Establish and maintain purchase orders, ensure on-time delivery of materials, equipment, and services; expedite and manage purchases to ensure timely delivery; track and monitor open purchase orders  • Negotiate with vendors to continuously improve pricing, costs and terms of purchase for materials, equipment, and services  • Manage supplier relationships and performance to ensure quality and service, and to obtain maximum value  • Communicate and work to resolve any supplier related issues within the receiving department, accounting department and production  •  Provide assistance in the selection and evaluation of suppliers; help to identify key suppliers and develop a risk management plan  • Prepare, issue, and assist in evaluation of bid requests and requests for proposals for large purchases or projects  • Participate in and contribute to process improvement discussions    Qualifications, Knowledge, Skills and Abilities  • 2-4 years relevant purchasing experience, preferably in a manufacturing environment  • Result-oriented with ability to communicate effectively orally and in writing, including strong follow-through skills  • Skilled negotiator, commercially astute with good interpersonal skills  • Computer skills including Microsoft Word, Excel, and MRP type systems  • Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with suppliers, peers, and others  • Ability to project a positive professional image when representing the company  • Ability to manage competing priorities  • Possess qualities of analysis, decision making, diplomacy, self-motivation, problem solving and organizational skills  • Fluent written and spoken English  
1701:2-4-years-experience-needed licence-needed supervising-job	With a team of more than seventy dedicated physicians, Premier Medical Associates is the largest multi-specialty physician practice in the Greater Pittsburgh area. The company is focused on being a leader in the delivery of efficient, high quality care which drives down healthcare costs and improves patient outcomes.  Today, Premier touches the lives of more than 100,000 patients in 10 convenient locations in the eastern suburbs of Pittsburgh, with specialties that include asthma / allergy / immunology, behavioral health, cardiology, family medicine, gastroenterology, general and breast surgery, hospitalists, internal medicine, neurology, pediatrics, podiatry, orthopedics, radiology and sleep medicine.  Responsibilities:  Transcribe written descriptions of medical conditions and procedures into alpha-numeric codes using ICD-9-CM (International Classification of Diseases) and CPT-4 (Current Procedural Terminology) coding manuals for outpatient procedures and procedures that take place in physicians’ offices. Interpret the diagnosis, treatment and procedures in a patient's record and assigns the proper procedural and diagnostic codes for billing purposes and insurance reimbursement. Provide consistency in reporting medical information and assist medical personnel, insurance providers and researchers in sharing records. Review medical records and extract information to which you apply medical codes that identify diagnoses, procedures and treatments. Make independent decisions based on your knowledge of medical coding standards, reimbursement policies, and regulatory requirements. Communicate with patients, medical personnel, insurance providers and medical facility management. Explain coding policy and resolve issues related to coding and billing through telephone, email and written correspondence. Lead the implementation of ICD-10 in a multi-specialty environment. Utilize office equipment and software programs to enter medical coding data. Manage files and records and maintain proper handling of medical records, including compliance with HIPAA (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act) regulations for confidentiality. Work independently, prioritizing your work, meeting deadlines and maintaining consistent production in a busy environment with frequent interruptions. This position requires a high level of organization, attention to detail and accuracy.  Requirements:  Must have at least 3 years experience as a nationally certified coder. Must exhibit time management, organizational, verbal and written communication skills. Must have a working knowledge of PC operations and computer software applications. Prior experience with coding outpatient procedures required.
1703:2-4-years-experience-needed licence-needed supervising-job	With a team of more than seventy dedicated physicians, Premier Medical Associates is the largest multi-specialty physician practice in the Greater Pittsburgh area. The company is focused on being a leader in the delivery of efficient, high quality care which drives down healthcare costs and improves patient outcomes.  Today, Premier touches the lives of more than 100,000 patients in 10 convenient locations in the eastern suburbs of Pittsburgh, with specialties that include asthma / allergy / immunology, behavioral health, cardiology, family medicine, gastroenterology, general and breast surgery, hospitalists, internal medicine, neurology, pediatrics, podiatry, orthopedics, radiology and sleep medicine.  Responsibilities:  Contribute to physician's effectiveness by identifying short-term and long-range patient care issues that must be addressed; providing information and commentary pertinent to deliberations; recommending options and courses of action; implementing physician directives. Assess patient health by interviewing patients; performing physical examinations; obtaining, updating, and studying medical histories. Determine abnormal conditions by administering or ordering diagnostic tests, such as x-rays, electrocardiograms, and laboratory studies; interpreting test results. Document patient care services by charting in patient and department records. Perform therapeutic procedures by administering injections and immunizations; suturing; managing wounds and infections. Instruct and counsel patients by describing therapeutic regimens; giving normal growth and development information; discussing family planning; providing counseling on emotional problems of daily living; promoting wellness and health maintenance. Provide continuity of care by developing and implementing patient management plans. Maintain safe and clean working environment by complying with procedures, rules, and regulations. Protect patients and employees by adhering to infection-control policies and protocols. Comply with federal, state, and local legal and professional requirements by studying existing and new legislation; anticipating future legislation; enforcing adherence to requirements; advising management on needed actions. Maintain professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies. Develop health care team staff by providing information, educational opportunities, and experiential growth opportunities.  Requirements:  Must be a licensed Physician’s Assistant and have at least 2 years of experience working in the specialty you are supporting.    Openings in Orthopedics, Pediatrics, Cardiology, and our Hospitalist Program
1718:supervising-job	Jewelry and More is a fast growing women's fashion jewelry and clothing boutique. We are searching for experienced, self-motivated, committed, dependable, super organized, responsible person for full time retail store manager position for our flagship store in Rice Village, Houston, TX.  This is a fantastic opportunity to join fun and successful fashion house and expand together to new horizons. We seek out individuals who enjoy challenges and can contribute diversity and creativity to growing the company.  If you are passionate about your work and the retail industry, Jewelry and More is a growing company looking for associates to grow with us.  www.example.com  Position Summary:  The Store Manager is responsible for maximizing sales by creating, promoting and overseeing a fun, profitable store through customer service, product knowledge, proper floor coverage, visual presentation, train and develop staff    Primary Responsibilities:  * Maximize sales by ensuring customer service and product knowledge  * Lead by example. Be a role model of business professionalism, attendance, dependability and personal conduct  * Communicate regularly with Co-Manager and Assistant Manager, keeping close tabs on daily reports and other data regarding sales, personnel, marketing, security and operations  * Create an open environment where all associates are comfortable communicating at all levels  * Closely monitor relationships among employees, and between employees and supervisors to help cultivate positive relationships and promote individual and team morale   * Create and update visual and merchandising displays  on an on going basis  * Ensure the store is organized and clean  * Recruit and hire personnel, making sure store is properly staffed and vacant positions are filled in a timely manner   * Provide thorough training to new employees and ongoing development of existing staff 
1723:licence-needed full-time-job hourly-wage supervising-job	*Implementation of behavior programs as outlined in the resident’s individual program plans.  *Ability to provide physical assistance to clients as needed to follow through on Behavioral Intervention Plans, including emergency interventions as instructed in Crisis Intervention and Prevention; ie (but not limited to) lifting, escorts, and restraints. *Assist in preparing meals and snacks for the residents at the scheduled times.  *Attend staff meetings and in-services.  *Supervision of skill and behavior data documentation done daily on the appropriate agency forms.  *Responsible for compiling all data in monthly reports.  *Report any illness or injury of residents or staff, property damage or loss, to the Executive Director. *Make rational decisions in emergency situations, i.e., call paramedics, fire department or transport clients to hospital.  *Assist in the general upkeep and cleanliness of the home.  *Assist teachers and others in coordination and carrying out behavior treatment programs.  *Assist in client medical needs including disbursement of medications, transportation to and from medical and dental appointments and staff training pertaining to distribution of medications.  *Notify RN of any medication errors; when stock get low, or any other issues with medications arise. *Supervision of direct care staff, including monitoring of all performance issues, initiation and management of staff schedule.  FT Position located in El Cajon, $10.00-$12.00.  Hours are working Monday through Friday (12:30PM- 8:30PM). SKILLS & REQUIREMENTS: Must be 21 years old and have a high school diploma or GED, minimum one year experience working with the developmentally disabled. Previous supervisory experience desired. . IMPORTANT NOTES: Must pass pre-employment drug screening, physical and background check and have clean driving record will need to obtain B class license within 90 days.. Must have current or obtain CPR and First Aid certificates within first 30 days of employment.
1730:bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Who Spruce is.... Spruce Media is a rapidly growing leader in Facebook advertising that specializes in high-scale media management and optimization. We are a Facebook Ads API partner and have built proprietary media buying software that allows us to more efficiently reach customers on Facebook and maximize ROAS for our various advertising clients.  Position Description:   We are looking for an Agency Account Manager to grow our Facebook advertising business amongst Fortune 500 brands and top tier advertising agencies. As an Agency Account Manager, your primary focus will be to manage the day-to-day client relationship, ensure execution of budgets, communicate brand advertising guidelines, and provide actionable post-campaign reporting and insights. The candidate should have an understanding of the Online Advertising Industry, a passion for technology and the drive and ownership to work in a start-up environment. The candidate should possess strong interpersonal skills with an emphasis on teamwork, ownership, initiative and integrity.  Key Responsibilities  The primary day-to-day point of contact for top tier advertising agencies and their brands Respond to Client and Sales initiated questions, acting as the “go to” person for Facebook campaign strategy, execution, and best practices Responsible for the client relationship process: client onboarding integration, agency kick off call(s), campaign launch, creative asset collection (copy and creative specs), mid and post-campaign reporting and growth strategy recommendations Oversee quality of Brand campaign performance against client objectives Take a proactive approach to account and relationship management with the goal of providing superior customer experience: run weekly media meetings to discuss campaign performance, proactively educate clients on Facebook campaign insights Maintain and growing relationships with interactive advertising agencies Core Competencies  Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent work experience in managing large media budgets and hitting monthly goals for spend, revenue and key performance metrics 2+ years in a client-facing service role, (working with advertising agencies or brands experience preferred) Experience with direct client relationship responsibilities including regular reporting, collaborative strategic planning, and performance management Strong Excel skills, verbal and writing communication skills Detail-oriented, organized, successful in fast-paced environments, ability to juggle multiple client deadlines, flexible, with a startup mindset. The ability to travel, work nights and some weekends Exhibit drive, enthusiasm, passion, creativity and commitment 
1737:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	The Owner Representative/Construction Project Manager is based out of New York. Applicant will oversee construction or large data center type facility. Plus, applicant will interface daily with client vendors, general contractor and sub-contractor. If you enjoy working around data center environments and you have the skills required to complete complex telecommunication construction projects, then this is for you.    Submit Your Resume Today!   Additional Responsibilities: • Monitor and assist in facilitation “on-time” and “on-budget” project. • Implement and understand the described construction scope of work. • Project will be utilizing close-coupled cooling to minimize upgrades • Assure project safety requirements are in compliance. • Monitor staffing requirements are achieved and meeting expectations. • Manage, process and ensure compliance with the following items o Clarifications o RFIs o ASIs o Submittals o Change Orders o Project budget • Provide assurance that the construction is in compliance with the plans and specifications. • Act as client’s representative for compliance with network design standards. • Provide interface with local jurisdictions as required, including but not limited to the City Inspector, Waste and Groundwater Inspector, Fire Marshall, Electrical Inspector, Plumbing Inspector and Mechanical Inspector. • Provide “on-going” value engineering of project to identify potential cost savings and eliminate project delays. • Document each day’s activities with “Daily Activity Report” to be distributed to client. • Participate in weekly OAC meetings. • Participate in weekly Sub-Contractor coordination meetings. • Monitor status of RFI’s and Submittals. • Photograph project events to document progress and/or issues. • Prepare and submit monthly project status update report.  Required Skills: • Must have critical facility construction experience • Must understand change management process • 5-10 years Construction Management experience • 5-10 years Project Management experience   Preferred Experience & Education: • High level of architectural and engineering skills • Expertise in building architecture, mechanical, electrical, and fire protection. • Tenant finish experience would be a big plus • Telecommunications Project Experience – Datacenter or Central Office environment. • Current work experience with Generators, Medium Voltage Electrical Switch Gear and Chilled Water Systems including AHU’s, Cooling Towers and Control’s.  Benefits: • 120 hours of vacation and sick leave  • 8 Paid Holidays • 401(k) Investment Plan • Medical, Dental, Vision and Life Insurance  • Prescription Drug Plan • Direct Payroll Deposit • Social Security and Worker’s Compensation • Unemployment Compensation Insurance • Reimbursement for Job Related Education and Training  Company Overview:   Founded in 2003, Vertex Innovations Inc., a women owned business, is a national telecommunications consulting firm.  We offer creative thinking and unparalleled service to our clients in order to achieve the best possible results on every project.   Vertex Innovations has extensive knowledge in both the telecommunications and commercial construction industries.  We have a depth of experience in a range of telecommunications disciplines.  We offer Fixed Network Engineering, RF Engineering, Transport Engineering, MSC (Mobile Switching Centers) Construction, Network Integration, Xing Database, Cell Site Construction, In-Building Engineering, Network Implementation, Project Management services and Owner Representation.   
1741:supervising-job full-time-job	MacTown is currently looking for the right candidate to fill a full-time sales position that serves our retail customers at our Greene location.  MacTown's Sales Team Leader drives the retail staff to produce a “best in class” customer experience by being the champion of our sales culture, modeling our sales framework, and sharing information about the selling process.  By checking for understanding, listening to the staff during customer interactions, coaching when behaviors do not result in desired outcomes, and communicating accountability, the Sales Team Leader delivers growth for the company and professional development for MacTown's sales team.  Candidates for this position will have experience in retail sales and leadership, and the drive to succeed in a growing company with a clear vision, goals, and expectations.  If you are looking for an opportunity to engage with the Dayton community and contribute to MacTown's growth, we look forward to learning more about you.
1746:2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Description  SEM - Paid Search Manager  We are looking for a dedicated SEM Manager to oversee the full scope of several paid search campaigns and manage small teams of Strategists to create results.  Responsibilities  Overall paid search campaign strategy and implementation. Management of client media-spend budgets, keyword list-management, oversight of ad copy Identify performance targets, project milestones, resource needs, etc. Monitor the overall performance of paid search efforts and report key indicators to senior executives Research, identify and establish partnerships with contextual networks for interactive placement Top-to-bottom management of paid search campaigns, generating ranking reports, conducting site audits, handling client concerns, etc. Participates in the hiring, training, development, mentoring and retention of staff members in this department Qualifications  3+ years of hands-on SEM experience, primarily in paid search campaign management; agency-side preferred Experience coordinating and managing teams of search specialists Proven track record of successful SEM strategy and implementation Comprehensive understanding of keyword research Strong experience with ad copy development Proficient with SEM reporting and analytical tools Certification in Google Adwords; Certification in YSN Proficient to expert with Word, Excel, HTML and JavaScript Bachelor’s degree   Luxor Limo   XXX 
1747:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	*Job Description* * Responsible for sales activities for Aristech solid surface products with potential future responsibility for a broader portfolio of Aristech products and segments.  * Execute the sales and marketing plan for the profitable growth of the Aristech business.  * Responsible for the sales territory profitability performance against plan, accountable for achieving agreed upon goals for sales, profit, other financial metrics, and completion of assigned action plans.  * Develop and maintain a market database including competitive analysis, market structure and size, market segment analysis, relative pricing, distribution channels, and value proposition.  * Investigate and develop new market opportunities in line with defined global marketing strategy.  * Develop sales channel and account strategies to identify sales/development opportunities to expand/grow our position with the customers.   *Develop, implement and manage all Southeast US sales focused activities to maximize profitable sales.*  * Optimize profitability of the Southeast US business through the implementation of sales territory strategies and pricing as agreed with the Eastern North America Sales Manager.  * Define and implement the territory distribution strategy to optimize profitable sales.  * Utilize corporate CRM to manage commercial project pipeline and target account activity, maintaining a business pipeline corresponding to the financial Business Plan for the territory  * Provide sales support for Southeast US distribution network including marketing and technical training and assistance, joint sales calls, pricing guidance, and performance metrics review as necessary.  * Develop and maintain key customer relationships.  * Define and support implementation of key account strategies and specific growth initiatives at key accounts for growth and partnership development.  * Recommend and manage pricing consistent with business goals, but reflecting the competitive situation, growth strategy, and market price points.  * Maintain close communications with key functional areas including Product Management, Marketing, Manufacturing, Supply Chain, R&D, and Finance to ensure a high service level and optimum profitability in the region.  * Provide regional inputs to the Sales & Operations Planning, forecast, and budget  processes.  * Manage expenses within the defined budget.   *Investigate and develop new market opportunities in line with global marketing strategy to grow profitable sales.*  * Identify market needs for new and existing products and work with Marketing, R&D and Product Management to fill need.  This includes potential new products, identification of product and market trends, pricing, significant competitive actions, etc.  * Establish relationships with new customers in targeted market segments as defined by marketing.  * Work with Marketing to develp sales promotion tools and communication plans consistent with value propostition and overall brand.  * Monitor and report on competitive activities.   *Manage assigned accounts.*  * Grow profitable sales at assigned accounts.  * Develop strong multi-level relationships at assigned accounts.  * Develop opportunities for sales growth with existing and new products.   *Performance Measures*  * Development and execution of regional strategy  * Sales and profitability growth, measured in both in absolute dollar and percentage growth, and achievement of other financial metrics.  * CRM utilization and pipeline metric management  * Quality of inputs for development of global and regional business/marketing strategies.  * Forecast accuracy  * Expense management within defined budget  *Desired Skills & Experience* * Local candidates are strongly preferred.  * Bachelor’s degree or equivalent required and minimum 5 years field sales in building products or related industry.  * Experience required in selling, construction or building, commercial-new construction, architectural or design, solid surface.  All of these experiences will be used in evaluating a candidate for this position.  * Must be capable of understanding specifications – ability to read blueprints is a benefit  * Project development and management are essential requirements.  * Must possess effective strong communication, interpersonal, and presentation skills.  * Understanding of the architectural products selling cycle is required.  * Possess a strong drive and motivation to succeed with a high entrepreneurial spirit.  * Comfortable using standard electronic communication and business analysis tools.  * Ability to work independently and manage time effectively  * Some overnight travel (35% to 60%)  * Microsoft Office Proficiency  * Ability to work with CRM system  *Company Description*  For more than 40 years Aristech has been the innovator in our industry. Today our team energetically pursues three areas for improvement: Customer Focus, Product Leadership and Operational Excellence.   Aristech Acrylics LLC is a manufacturer of continuous cast acrylic sheet, solid surface and polyester solid surface. Their products are sold into a variety of industries including Hot Tub, Bathware and Construction Industries. They have manufacturing sites in Florence, KY and Belen, NM.
1752:licence-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Nurse Manager, Non-Invasive Cardiology / Cardiac Rehab  Outpatient setting  Job Description:   We are seeking a Non-Invasive Cardiology and Cardiac Rehab Nurse Manager at Bayonne Medical Center. You will report to the Vice President of Cardiovascular Services, collaborate with the Physician Director of the Cardiology Non-Invasive and the Cardiac Rehab Unit to assure objectives are met, and you will have 24 hour accountability for the operational management of the Cardiology/Cardiac Rehabilitation department.   Tasks include: +Acting as a resource person to the entire health care team.   +Promoting a positive image of the hospital and department with the public and professional community.   +Reviewing and revising the Quality Assurance Plan for the outpatient unit, implementing its monitoring and evaluation system, and communicating the results this monitoring to the Cardiology Medical Director   +Rounding on patients and staff to assure positive Press Ganey Reports.   +Monitoring, evaluating, and facilitating clinical documentation processes associated with charge capture, including, but not limited to, ensuring patient charts are accurately documented on charge sheet, identifying lost charges, coordinating charge capture, providing ongoing education for staff on charge capture improvement and documentation.   +Preparing recommended staffing for annual operational budget on the basis of available workload and collaborating with the Vice President of Cardiovascular Services for annual budget preparation.      Job Requirements  As a Cardiology Nurse Manager with Bayonne Medical Center, you must have superb written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills as well as excellent multitasking, time management and leadership abilities. You must maintain a patient-oriented focus and demonstrate good planning skills. You must also respond to patient and family needs promptly and compassionately and be able to perform excellent work under stressful circumstances.  The ideal Cardiology Nurse Manager will have varied experience within most areas of hospital Cardiology departments to include Cardiac Rehabilitation.   Qualifications include:  +Current New Jersey RN license +Current ACLS, BLS, and IV certification required +5 years nursing experience with a minimum 2 years nursing management experience  Our Company:  Bayonne Medical Center 29th Street at Avenue E, Bayonne, NJ 07002 www.example.com   Bayonne Medical Center has been recognized by the Joint Commission for hospital excellence and has been designated as a NJ State Primary Stroke Center by the New Jersey Department of Health and Senior Services for our exceptional quality of stroke treatment. In addition, Bayonne Medical Center received the New Jersey Department of Health and Senior Services highest rating granted during the annual state inspection off sub-acute/rehabilitation providers.    Our new Cardiology Department includes full state-of-the-art PET/CT services, and our cutting edge Health Information Technology and well trained staff received a perfect score for medical records privacy during a random HIPAA confidentiality inspection by the Office of Civil Rights, Patient Protection. We are proud of our growing company and are seeking quality people to join our team   Expect the Best, Receive the Best...Our Commitment to You!  Bayonne Medical Center is Equal Opportunity Employer and a member of  The Employer Partnership of the Armed Forces
1758:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	AMHFCU, a $1.3+ billion credit union, has an immediate opening for a Business Development Manager. This position will be responsible for assisting the VP of Business Development with the overall business development activities that promote credit union growth through increasing membership penetration and Select Employer Group (SEG) growth as well as supervise the business development staff and monitor the daily workflow of the department to ensure staff is well skilled and developed to meet daily department demands and to provide an ultimate level of service to the members, potential members, employees and clients of AMHFCU.  *Requirements Include:* •Professional, well-developed interpersonal skills necessary for supervising staff, contacting and maintaining relationships with Select Employer Groups, and servicing the members and staff of American Heritage Federal Credit Union. •Strong initiative, competitive drive, and the ability to stay focused on results, all while working at a faster than average pace. Innovation and creativity in generating ideas while handling multiple tasks in a timely manner; this is the key to success in this position.  •Must possess a confident leadership style that is firm and goal oriented, and yet, motivates, trains, and engages others in an enthusiastic manner.  •A poised and persuasive communication style. •At least three to five years of experience in business development and sales, preferably in a financial institution. Prior supervisory experience required.    *EDUCATION* •Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing, Communications, Business Administration, or a related field or equivalent work experience.    We offer a competitive salary and incentive structure, an outstanding benefits package, including a 401(k) with a generous company match and a friendly, progressive & environmentally friendly work environment.   To be considered, correspondence should include a resume listing job history and salary expectations. Please be advised that credit, criminal, employment, drug/alcohol testing and education background checks are conducted on potential candidates. All resumes will be reviewed, but only competitive candidates will be contacted for further conversation.
1759:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Our client, an American division of a Global firm, is looking for their next Quality Manager  KEY DUTIES:  • Set Company’s quality policy; determine key quality indicators; establish quality objectives; determine strategies for exceeding those objectives.  • Oversee the evaluation of a finished product for quality and reliability.  • Assist in quality control standard development. • Develop and administer training for all team members.  • Hands-on experience with fundamental manufacturing principles such as : Lean Manufacturing, Continuous Improvement, SPC, 5S, Control Plans, PFMEAs, DFMEAs, APQP, PPAP, Six Sigma, Project Management, Visual Management.  • Communicate significant quality issues throughout all levels of the team.  • Develop strategic relationships with suppliers and customers • Rely on extensive experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.  • Perform a variety of tasks within production area using a wide degree of creativity and latitude.  • Work closely with other managers to address the day to day problems and improve quality process reliability.  • Prepare and present Product Quality Reviews   Education:  • Bachelor’s Degree in business or relevant field strongly preferred * Associates Degree at a minimum with 10+ years of manufacturing experience  Years of Experience:  • Seven(7)+  years of experience in quality management.  • Manufacturing expertise is required, preferably with large corporations.
1767:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	San Fernando Valley Home Health Agency needs an Administrator.  We are growing and need your help!  JCAHO and DHS experience needed.    Essential Duties and Job Responsibilities:      Serves as liaison between governing body and Agency personnel.     Ensures Agency compliance with all Federal, State and company regulations and policies.     Ensures that all practices and policies are carried out in the highest ethical manner.     Ensures that all Standard of Care and service provided is of the highest quality.     Ensures recruitment and retention of quality, professional, service-oriented personnel.     Represents the Agency’s place in the community at large.     Participates in the development and implementation of the long-term goals and directions of the         company.  Requirements      Bachelor’s degree.     Strong operational skills and current knowledge of local, state and federal regulations and      guidelines.     Excellent leadership/supervisory skills     Ability to implement facility and company philosophy of care.     2+ years experience in a health care setting.  Fax resumes to Moira at  XXX   Thank you.  EEO/AA..
1773:supervising-job	Hi,  We are looking for a consultant having required skills mentioned below. This is a hot requirement and we can line up in-person interview in couple of days for the right candidate. Please send your contact info and expected rate if this position interests you and want to proceed with next steps.  We are looking for Citizens, GC holders and EAD only.     Location: McLean, VA  Duration: 12 months  Interview process: Face-to-Face is must    Job Description:    Statement:         -  Seeking Senior Developer to support production support activities within the group.    - Developer must be skilled in supporting Java (J2EE) applications with a focus on Java, SQL skills.     Skills:          - Java, J2EE, SQL, Unix/Linux, DB2, Shell Scripts, SQL Server andWeblogic.  - Strong Communication skills a must (written and oral).  Strong organization and reporting skills   needed      Thanks & Regards     Venkat | Director, Business Development  Techno Talent Inc  Tel:  XXX   Fax:  XXX  | URL: www.example.com
1780:full-time-job supervising-job salary associate-needed	A Customer Support Representative at Status Solutions will assist in being the first point of contact for our customers, addressing technical questions and concerns while providing assistance to field Sales Engineers. This role will work alongside a full-time Customer Support Team and Practice Leader in our Westerville, OH office. This position is available to recent graduates or graduates with a four technical degree.  What is expected to perform in this role:  • Tasks o Capability to work within a Network Operation Center o Ability to write documentation for internal and external customers o Train customers and partners as software solutions and needs evolve • Tools o Standard Project Management documents o CRM Software and Remote Access Tools o Internal error reporting software for troubleshooting • Customer Support  o Resolve escalated tier 1 and on-site support incidents o Remote training and assistance on software o Training on new company software and products o Respond to customer Q&A’s o Troubleshooting customer errors • Scheduling Requirements o Day shift position (1st and partial 2nd shift) o Flexibility to work weekends  o Ability to work day or night 12 hour shifts out of our Westerville, OH office  Qualifications: • Great relationship skills; patience and desire to help and assist • Desire to learn and grow quickly with the company and technology • Great communication skills in person and on the telephone • Two or Four year technical degree OR prior technical customer support experience  Benefits: • Base pay starting at $25K annually • 401K and profit sharing available • Medical, dental and vision benefits  • Paid time off and holiday pay included • Participation in the quarterly company bonus pool
1784:supervising-job part-time-job	This position is for a part time Supply Chain / Inventory Liaison for 10-20 hours a week at the supplier’s facility to help them manage their inventory. Scope of the job will be: -Physical Inventory of all material to get a \"clean point\" -Implement an ABC cycle count process and train the LB employees as needed. -Maintain. Update perpetual Inventory in the Manufacturing system -Evaluate root cause for inventory adjustments/discrepancies and make recommendations/implement process improvements. - Work with/find other suppliers that may need the same help and build additional relationships with them to provide a similar service. This could lead to full time work, more hours, other supplier work.
1793:supervising-job associate-needed	About EverySignal  EverySignal is revolutionizing how professionals sell their products and services. By sifting through millions of social data points in real-time, EverySignal automates the discovery of sales opportunities within a professionals trusted social networks. Founded in January 2012, EverySignal is based in Santa Monica, CA and is backed by Science Inc.  We are passionate about delivering great software that unlocks hidden value stored in social data and are looking for exceptional people to join us in that mission. We are assembling a small, tightly knit collective of extraordinarily talented peers, while maintaining pursuit of impact and revenue goals typical of larger enterprises.    Sales Development Representative   We are looking for a Sales Development Representative to join the pre-sales team. Candidates for the Sales Development Representative role should possess high business acumen, strong technical aptitude, and natural sales instincts. EverySignal offers a fast-paced, innovative environment where you will be provided the tools, resources, and outstanding leadership to sell a first-to-market social sales tool that revolutionizes how products and services are sold.   Responsibilities:  ● Work strategically with the sales team in a sales development capacity  ● Generate new qualified business opportunities to fuel the sales pipeline  ● Create and prioritize strategic target account lists within a defined territory  ● Leverage our extensive resources and unique methodology to research and build \"cold accounts\" (i.e. adding contacts, sending emails, cold calling)  ● Conduct high level conversations with Senior Executives in prospect accounts  ● Advocate for EverySignal and the Enterprise Social Sales movement  Requirements:  ● Working toward or completed a Bachelor's Degree ● Passion for EverySignal and the intersection of social, sales, and enterprise ● Ability to work in a fast-paced, team environment  ● Must be highly motivated, tenacious, and self-starters ● Manage pipeline with CRM tools for maximum efficiency and visibility, with carefully executed follow through ● Must possess exceptional communication and presentation skills - with the ability to creatively communicate and sell to all decision-making levels ● Strong written, verbal and group presentation skills is a MUST  Desirable:  ● Previous experience in a Sales Hunter and Lead Gen role ● 2 - 5 year/s of previous software sales or relevant experience ● Prior sales prospecting experience a strong plus but not required  ● Prior experience in Analytics, SaaS, PaaS ● Extensive experience with cloud or enterprise grade CRM applications (i.e. Salesforce)  Compensation: Negotiable
1794:1-year-experience-needed supervising-job full-time-job	*Orange Leaf Frozen Yogurt is coming to Cobbs Corner, Canton!!! * Orange Leaf Frozen Yogurt is a HOT new concept featuring self-serve frozen yogurt with 16 flavors and over 30 toppings to chose from! Our really cool decor and unique product offerings give our customers the ultimate FroYo experience where they become the master of their own creation.  *See our website: www.example.com  _We are looking for FUN, outgoing, friendly, and hardworking General Manager._   We are aiming to open on Sept 1st and will be located at: Village Shoppes of Canton 95 Washington St. (Next to 5 Guys)  *Summary of Position: * The GM oversees the store and is the owner’s first line of communication. Responsibilities include: staffing, training, scheduling, guest satisfaction, inventory control and ordering, cash control, cleanliness & sanitation as well as develop and carry out advertising and marketing.  *Qualifications:* • Have knowledge of service and food & beverage, generally involving at least one year of operations and/or assistant management positions. • A great personality and motivator with team leadership abilities.  Possess basic computer and math skills and have the ability to operate a POS system. • Must have the stamina to work 50 hours per week.  _We offer a very lucrative Bonus Program, Health Care coverage and up to 4 weeks paid vacation._   We welcome the opportunity to meet you! 
1799:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	This position will be on-site at a luxury high-rise homeowner association.  The position is responsible for the oversight of the maintenance of the property and reports directly to the Chief Engineer. This includes the interior as well as the exterior of the building.  This position is primarily a hands-on job and on call 24/7.  Troubleshooting and repairing malfunctions in electrical/mechanical systems is an essential role along with the ability to supply recommendations for solutions.  Responsibilities include maintaining all building equipment including but not limited to HVAC, emergency generator, fire equipment, boilers, hot water heater, water circulation pumps and motors, plumbing and electrical, including performing work in homeowner units.  -Requires a minimum of 8 years experience in high rise building operations    - Licenses/certificates such as HVAC/Boiler/electrical, plumbing, etc.     - Must be able to multi-task    - Must speak and write English   -  Must comply with all state, county, and government requirements    - Drug test and background check required
1808:2-4-years-experience-needed ms-or-phd-needed supervising-job	General Statement of Duties  The Counselor II/Site Supervisor is a professional with experience in the field of human services that demonstrates proficiency in supervisory skills and counseling of chemically dependent individuals.  Major Responsibilities:  1) Collaborate with the Program Director to ensure full program utilization. 2) Collaborate with Program Director in the development and training of counselors, substance abuse technicians and support staff. 3) Collaborate with Program Director to develop evidence based clinical curriculum  4) Participates in administrative activities including, client meetings, staff supervision and staff education  as designed by the Program Director and assumes responsibility for self-improvement by identifying, communicating and seeing resources to meet own learning needs. 5) Prepare appropriate clinical and administrative documentation to meet regulatory requirements of licensing and third party agencies. 6) Coordinate with Program Director to oversee Quality Assurance & Safety to ensure compliance with all state, local, and accrediting standards and regulations. 7) Review program paperwork for consistency, quality adherence to all Company, DMHAS, CSSD, CARF standards, and person centered documentation 8) Conduct audits and reviews of residential files (paper and electronic) on a regular basis. 9) Assist the Program Director in conducting mock Quality Service Reviews on a regular basis. 10) Complete special assignments related to Quality Assurance 11) In the Program Director’s absence manage all operations with the assistance of the Chief Operating Officer and/or Vice President of Clinical Operations. 12) Coordinate the management and operation of the kitchen with the executive chef 13) Manage the operation and maintenance of company vehicles for Residential Program. 14) Manage counselors schedule and clinical development with Program Director. 15) Manage a caseload of a minimum of three clients. 16) Facilitate initial procedures for admission, including completion of required intake forms, releases, collection of initial assessment and recommendations for treatment planning.  Apply eligibility and diagnostic criteria to determine client appropriateness for treatment in various modalities. 17) Monitor client insurance – inclusive benefits, eligibility status, preauthorization and ongoing authorization of services rendered. 18) Facilitate individual, group and family counseling, facilitate client and family education groups and programs, and facilitate other groups as assigned. 19) Communicate general and specific program goals, rules of conduct, Agency services and hours of operation, treatment costs to be borne by clients and clients’ rights as well as other information required. 20) Identify and evaluate client strengths, limitations, problems and needs; assess and develop treatment plans. 21) Implement, review and modify treatment plans as required. 22) Provide case management services to clients as needed, coordinate multiple services planning in support of client needs and integrate with treatment planning process. 23) In collaboration with multi-disciplinary team, provide crisis intervention services as needed. 24) Provide information to individuals and groups concerning alcohol and other drug abuse as well as available treatment services and resources. 25) Have a good command of the Agency’s Policies and Procedures. 26) Provide information and guidance on utilization of community resources, initiate and follow up on referrals as needed. 27) Note date of client discharges ongoing and modify as needed in order to promote timely admissions to the treatment program. 28) Chart results of assessment and treatment planning; write reports, progress notes, discharge summaries and other client-related information in support of documentation of client’s progress to facilitate communications between co-workers and in support of accountability of the Agency to its funding sources. 29) Consult with our own and other professionals to assure comprehensive quality care for the client. 30) Coordinate/carry out special programs or projects as assigned by the Program Director. 31) Comply with all federal, state and funding regulatory requirements. 32) Responsible for the coordination of the kitchen and vehicle operations to meet all agency and regulatory requirements. 33) Responsible for the coordination of safety issues and concerns within Residential Program and Kitchen Operations. 34) All other duties as assigned by management.  Supervision Received:  This position reports to the Program Director.  Evaluation Criteria:  1. Performance of all clinical and administrative major responsibilities to meet all agency and regulatory requirements. 2. Responsible for the coordination and quality assurance of the kitchen and vehicle operations to meet all agency and regulatory requirements. 3. Collaboration with Program Director to ensure the effective operation of Residential Program. 4. Management of Caseload:   a. Completion/planned discharges within agency specified time periods; b. Timely follow up to non-attending clients; c. Completion of caseload related paperwork within agency specified time periods. 5. Receptive to change, supportive of Company vision and mission. 6. Responsive to supervision, completes all assignments as directed by the program supervision. 7. Close monitoring of client insurance eligibility, pre-authorizations and ongoing authorizations resulting in successful collections. 8. Program performance indicators meet Agency standards. 9. Client satisfaction reports and feedback. 10. Performance of special projects/programs in compliance with programmatic, Agency and/or funding objectives. 11. Performance on assigned tasks and programs. 12. No violations cited during monitoring visits. 13. Self-medication is observed and recorded accurately in the Medication Log Book. 14. Completed other assignments as required.  Working Conditions: Physical Demands and Working Conditions:   Mobility to work in a standard office environment, use standard office equipment. Manual dexterity to use standard office equipment and supplies and to manipulate both single sheets of paper and large document holders (binders, manuals, etc.). Vision to read handwritten and printed materials and a computer screen. Hearing and speech to communicate person and by telephone.   Ability to work flexible hours including evenings and/or weekends to meet operational requirements and/or client services for 24/7 Program.  Some accommodations may be made for some physical demands for otherwise qualified individuals who require and request such accommodations.  Other Requirements:   This class description lists the major duties and requirements of the job and is not all-inclusive. Not all duties are necessarily performed by each incumbent. Incumbents may be expected to perform job-related duties other than those contained in this document and may be required to have specific job-related knowledge and skills.    Minimum Qualifications:  Education, Training and Credentials:  Connecticut CADC.  LADC, or LPC, or LCSW or LMFT a plus.  Master’s degree from an accredited institution in a related field and two year experience in substance abuse work and supervisory experience; or  Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college in a related field and three years of experience in substance abuse work and supervisory experience;   This position will require flexibility with work schedule, and candidate must be able to work some overtime, evening or weekend hours.   EEOC
1833:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job full-time-job bs-degree-needed	This is the career advancement opportunity for you!  You’re passionate about working in a superior healthcare setting, committed to developing your potential to its fullest, and you understand the importance of balancing hard work with a great quality of life.  Where does it all come together? Here…at CHRISTUS Spohn Health System.     We are currently seeking an elite Nurse Management professional to strategically partner with our Health System and its leaders in providing 24 hour quality care promoting the safety and well being of our patients and Associates. As a Nurse Managers you will plan, prioritize and direct daily operations on nursing units to meet the needs of our patients and Associates. We understand that every patient is unique in their acuity and depend on our Nurse Manager’s sound nursing knowledge and expertise to assign patient care responsibilities throughout our dynamic team of nurses and clinical staff. Communication is a critical component to the success of our health system and we empower our Nurse Managers to effectively manage their staff promoting communication, teamwork and enhanced work performance.  Driven by our core values of Dignity, Integrity, Compassion, Excellence and Stewardship each of our Nurse Managers are entrusted with effective and efficient use of our financial resources maintaining fiscal control within prescribed limits.    CHRISTUS Spohn Hospital Corpus Christi-Memorial the leading emergency facility in the area and the only Level II Trauma Center south of Austin, Texas. Located in the beautiful Corpus Christi, Texas our hospital is staffed with nurses trained in advanced trauma care and board-certified emergency physicians, in all of the major specialties, 24 hours a day. Job Functions • This role provides twenty-four (24) hour accountability for the delivery of quality patient care that promotes the safety and well-being of all patients on assigned units including Pre-Admitting, OR (11 suites) /PACU (10 bays), Out Patient Surgical Unit (17 beds), endoscopy (2 rooms).    Successful candidates will meet the following:    - Bachelors degree in Nursing and/or Masters in a related field    Currently hold or willing to obtain a nursing license in the state of Texas   - Agreeable to hold and maintain membership in their respected professional organization     - A minimum of 3 years of experience in a leadership role within a healthcare organization    - Successful in problem solving, handling difficult/sensitive situations with regard to patient confidentiality   - Proven success in motivating others while continuing to model and uphold the vision, mission and core values of CHRISTUS Spohn Health System   
1836:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Springboard Kitchens is a nonprofit social enterprise that seeks to cover operations with earned revenues. We are looking for a Shipping & Receiving Manager to assist with delivering on our mission which is to use good food to improve people's lives.  Responsibilities: • Supervision, training and coaching of kitchen staff • Implement inventory purchasing policies and strategies • Food purchasing, food and inventory cost control • Managing both donated and purchased inventory • Staging all food for dispatch • Oversight of delivery logistics for all meals leaving SBK, including supervision of delivery drivers • Create budgets, reports, financial targets and forecasts • Must be knowledgeable on HACCP controls along with proper storage and use of food • Monitor compliance with health and safety regulations regarding food preparation and serving • Meets with SBK vendors • Recruits and maintains suppliers that provide high quality products and services at a better price while maintaining the highest code of ethics and conduct • Develop a system to evaluate vendor quotations that utilizes appropriate negotiation and purchasing techniques to ensure quality, price, delivery and service • Prepares instructions regarding procurement systems, procedures and reporting systems • Apply training curriculum to client base • Hands-on training and related documentation of student progress -- all SBK students will learn inventory/receiving/dispatch by working directly with this individual • This position will function as part of a unified team comprising both program services and kitchen/training staff, and will be expected to take responsibility for helping to ensure consistent program quality in all areas of client services and food services.  Bachelor's Degree, or equivalent professional experience, 5-7 years food experience, including 4 years at the management level. Excellent leadership, supervisory, communication and organizational skills, ability to multi-task, as well as stay on task and concentrate with constant interruptions, manages time effectively and prioritizes tasks to meet deadlines. Excellent knowledge of Microsoft Office, ServSafe or Department of Health certification a plus.   Submit resume with cover letter to Administrative Officer, Springboard Kitchens, 1323 Forbes Ave. Pittsburgh, PA 15219 or to email address provided: Attention Administrative Officer: Shipping & Receiving Manager. EOE
1837:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	Job Description: This position is responsible to achieve targeted job placement and retention goals through employer relations; job search and placement work, as well as retention efforts. This position involves heavy external communication and building new relationships within the food service industry, as well as the ability to coach and assist clients on job search, interviewing, applications, and retaining employment. Responsibilities: • Employer Relations - Develop new employer partners, Maintain and build relations with existing employers, Retention support and outreach to existing employers, Monthly interaction with existing employers for evaluation of client job and intern performances, Retention calls to employers  • Internship/Externship program - Proactively plan schedule internships to align with client tier progression, client service plan and employment goals, and student availability, Develop new externship locations and establish formal program for each location, Select students for internships/externships based on performance and Tier levels, as well as recommendations from other staff, Conduct and record weekly evaluation with employers where clients are placed for internships (including SBK),  • Job Search - Assist in teaching students resume skills, job search strategies, and interviewing skills, and provide regularly scheduled supervised job search (and scheduling, oversight, progress, tracking, recording search activities), Work with clients to create resumes • Job Placement Support - Monthly interaction with placed clients, Referrals or other supports as necessary to assist client after placement, Retention transportation incentives, Track and record information from monthly touches in client DB, Retention and wage verification (pay stubs) logged in client DB • Employer roundtables - Bring in employers to meet with students as part of training,  • Graduation / Recognition - Coordinate with other program and kitchen staff to recommend students for recognition, Coordinate student tier progression with placement needs (internship or employment) • Student intake - Participate in orientation, Participate in student selection recommendations • Mentoring/One-on-one meetings regarding employment/job search • Client Disposition internally and with partners • Track, record and maintain up-to-date student records based on all above activities • Maintain program budget • Participate in staff meetings  Skills: • Must possess excellent leadership abilities; be able to consistently make intelligent decisions under pressure; possess good judgment, initiative, good attitude and be dependable  • Enthusiastic, personable, outgoing personality with ability to meet and develop new partnerships with employers • Demonstrated ability to effectively communicate with all levels of people and varying backgrounds • Demonstrated ability and experience with job placement for people with barriers • Demonstrated organizational skills and ability to self-manage time and schedule • Current PA driver's license and a clean driving record.  • Past experience working with diverse populations and persons with barriers to employment   Education and Experience: • A Bachelor’s degree or equivalent education and experience • Three years of experience working with diverse populations and persons with barriers to employment • Knowledge of and experience in food service industry preferred • Sales background 
1839:salary bs-degree-needed supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Paws & Play Pet Resort is an award winning resort. We treat our guests like family!  Caring for other peoples pets is a great responsibility and privilege – one that we take very seriously. Our commitment is rewarded each time we send home a happy pet to a satisfied owner.  The success of our pet care operation depends upon the people caring for the dogs. The pet’s well-being and comfort are always the number-one priority with our staff.  Our facility has been a labor of love and has continued to change and evolve into the business it is today, with these changes comes the need for growth within our organization and great opportunities.  We currently are looking for a Front Office Supervisor.  The ideal candidate:  • Minimum of 1 year experience managing people • Excellent people and communication skills • Ability to work a flexible schedule, including week-ends, holidays, mornings & evenings • Succeeds in a fast paced environment • Ability to handle customer service issues • Background and/or a strong desire to enter the pet care industry  Duties may include • Assuring procedural compliance with staff members • Opening and closing of front office • Overseeing a high level of customer service • Working with all departments to provide the highest level of care to our clients • Upholding the Paws & Play Pet Resort Brand • Ensuring the objectives and goals of Paws & Play Pet Resort  We offer:  • Competitive salary • 401k Benefits • Direct Deposit • Employee Discounts • A professional but fun and safe work environment  For more company information you may view our website www.example.com
1843:supervising-job	The Regional Sales Manager is responsible for the sales of Qignition educational courses, memberships and products within their region. The position is responsible for driving the number of courses offered, course attendance, QiCLUB membership conversions and Affiliate Code Commission redemptions. The ideal candidate is performance driven with strong communication skills and the ability to work with a variety of personalities in addition to possess the ability to work in a fast paced, start-up venture with rapid change. Prior sales experience and fitness industry experience in preferred.
1863:supervising-job salary bs-degree-needed	Climax Packaging, Inc., located in St. Joseph, MO currently has an opening for a Pre-Press Coordinator.  Duties will include tooling research and ordering material needs such as Flexographic plates inks and cutting dies.  Responsible for managing pre-press and makeready areas.  It is expected that the successful candidate will work with all managers on process improvements as well as investigating quality issues.      Duties also include assisting in the evaluation of plant performance and development of process improvements based on root cause evaluations.  Leadership skills along with a serious desire to promote a cohesive workforce, training and development are desired.      A Bachelor degree is preferred, but will be waived for an equivalent level of experience.  Knowledge and experience in a folding carton plant with a unionized environment is preferred.      We offer a competitive salary plus a full line of benefits including bonus opportunity.  Interested qualified candidates should submit a complete resume to:      Climax Manufacturing Company  7840 State Route 26  Lowville, NY  13367  Attention:  Human Resources Director    
1870:supervising-job licence-needed	This is a critical and exciting opportunity for a strong analytical thinker who will use SAS-based reporting tools to generate metrics, track the impact of digital initiatives, and develop expertise in the digital customer servicing space. This team member will synthesize large data sets and generate reports by identifying patterns and trends. It provides a significant opportunity to help improve the customer experience globally and have an impact on the bottom line.  Responsibilities include the following:  • Use a SAS-based interface to pull information from a proprietary data warehouse and transform raw data into usable metrics.  • Create and manage a process within the SAS environment that will generate all weekly, monthly, quarter and ad hoc reporting deliverables.  • Provide strategic thought leadership to define the performance metrics used to track the impact of digital servicing initiatives.  • Help design and generate standard performance tracking reports for use in regular communications to internal stakeholders.  • Continuously develop and measure performance metrics, as new digital servicing functionality and capabilities are enabled (e.g. Mobile).  • Segment and analyze OMS (Online Merchant Servicing) data, correlate with merchant servicing call volumes, and identify the linkages between OMS capability enhancements and call reasons.  • Participate in UAT testing for large digital servicing initiatives.   Required Qualifications:  • Expert in SAS and SAS Enterprise Guide or other graphical user interfaces.  • Expert in SQL Programming Language.  • Expert in Excel; knowledge of Access a plus.  • Former experience at American Express a plus.  • Demonstrated analytical thinking and execution skills.  • Demonstrated ability to analyze complex data sets and translate findings into actionable insights.  • Attention to detail.  • Inquisitive nature with motivation to explore and identify reporting tool capabilities.  • Excellent communication skills.  • Excellent team player with a can-do attitude.  • Proven ability to successfully manage multiple priorities in a fast paced environment, with minimal direction.  • Proven ability to solve complex problems.  • Former experience with research, reporting and analytics a plus.  • Knowledge of website analytics a plus.  Solid understanding and knowledge of the digital servicing landscape a plus
1877:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Seeking expert PHP with min 3 years Cake PHP to code. Can start today.  First 4 weeks as contract to hire.  Looking for a candidate that can code in PHP, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS with expert experience in CakePHP framework and LAMP development for an online document management software as a service in business since 2009.  Must be experienced in SVN (Beanstalk,Pivotal Tracker)  Currently in the midst of building out a next generation cloud based business tools. Most of the team is based offshore and we are looking to grow the senior management team.  Person must be able to code as well as assist in UI experience and offer input to features and functionality.  Experience with AWS,Software as a service and cloud computing a plus.     What you need:  - 5+ years of Front End Development experience -GPA of 3.7 or better - Linux, PHP, MySQL - JavaScript, HTML5, CSS3 - Fundamental understanding of programming concepts and web stacks - Experience with Web Services and MVC framework - Expert with CakePHP - Sharp, driven, entrepreneurial, and innovative - Bachelor's degree in Computer Science a big plus - Master's degree and other higher education is a big plus  What you'll be doing:  - Responsible for design and development of the next-generation web platform to deliver services to business  - Take ownership and provide insight on the front-end engineering and new features new product offerings as well as code base. - Full life cycle development from inception to support and everything in between - Work to scale architecture, dive into leading edge technology, and have a strategic impact on architectural features in the product roadmap - Coding, Coding, Coding Can offer contract work, contract to hire and full time. Experience with online document management a plus. Experience with SaaS cloud technologies a plus.   
1880:bs-degree-needed supervising-job	*Online Marketing Manager* *Team Connection – High Point, NC*  *Careers at Team Connection:*  As a leading athletic direct marketing firm outfitting thousands of athletic teams nationally, it takes more than just a passion for sport to stay on top of our game. That’s why at Team Connection we seek the exceptional, the motivated, and the innovative.  *Job Overview: Online Marketing Manager* Joining the online team at TC, you will enable our eCommerce initiatives to both reach/exceed revenue goals and build the TC brand by maximizing efficiency in online marketing channels.  *Key Accountabilities* Execute the overall online marketing strategy for all of TC core business units • Drive growth in all traffic vehicles to ensure traffic volumes meet TC strategic growth priorities • Identify and execute strategies that provide a long term path for continuous improvements in efficiencies • Deepen relationships with our customers to drive loyalty and repeat purchase • Ensure team is integrated into seasonal planning process • Work closely with key management to ensure execution of coordinated strategy across all business units • Develop new approaches to connect with customers including leading TC evolving social marketing strategies Lead the online marketing team • Initiate and coordinate : driving traffic, social media, email marketing, SEO, product upload , content management schedule • Lead analytics to analyze weekly , monthly, and quarterly reports: draw insights, help the team identify optimization tactics, adjust strategy.  *Qualifications:* • Bachelor's degree – Sports Marketing, online marketing expertise • Strong understanding of online marketing in an e-commerce setting, combining both online and offline success • Excellent academic record • Ability to manage social media channels • Understanding of relevant technology • Strong analytical skills and capability to use data to drive business decisions and marketing optimization • Excellent communication, organizational and project management skills • Creative/Innovative – Graphic design background is a plus  *To Apply:* We're interested in learning more about you and appreciate you taking the time to apply. Please send your cover letter, resume, and other relevant experience. To be considered, please include an example of a relevant project (work or school).
1890:5-plus-years-experience-needed salary supervising-job	IBC Construction is looking for an experienced operations/business development manager for it's heavy civil construction division. The successful candidate must have 5+ years of experience in heavy civil construction. Other areas of expertise is plus! Must be able to build teams to self perform structural concrete, excavation, and erosion control. Must also have existing subcontractor relationships for various heavy civil construction specialty areas. The successful candidate will be responsible for identifying subcontracting and prime contracting opportunities in both the government and private sector. All applicants should be self starters and able to work independently with minimum supervision and deliver measurable results. This position will pay a base salary + commissions.
1895:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Qualifications    Minimum of 5 years customer service and cash handling      The Floating Center Manager must establish and maintain excellent customer service with every existing and potential customer.     Duties and Responsibilities    Cashes checks using established risk analysis and risk management materials.   Follows and administers center security and safety procedures reporting discrepancies to District Supervisor.  Markets all ACE financial services through cross-selling and solicitation. Trains and assists other center employees in marketing efforts.  Processes customer loans accurately following written guidelines.    Oversees daily center operations. Reviews, interprets and acts upon reports.  Ensures returns and cash shortages are within established limits.  Ensures a clean and safe work environment at all times (parking lot, lobby and booth).  Examines and inspects the conditions of internal and external signage.  Meets and exceeds center budget goals.  Achieves profit maximization through application and control of expenses.   Maintains a flexible schedule to work in other centers as needed.  Performs other duties as assigned.
1897:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed salary full-time-job	Our client, a large metal stamping and finishing company servicing the automotive and consumer goods industries, has an immediate need for a Plant Manager at its location in central Alabama.  The Plant Manager is responsible for developing and monitoring both short and long-term plans and operating budgets to assure the plant continues to implement their strategic plans to grow through effective manufacturing of quality parts while providing a safe work environment for all employees.  The Plant Manager will also direct the operating staff of the respective plant departments in the activities of engineering, manufacturing, maintenance, tooling, quality assurance and logistics; to assure timely delivery of error free products and services to the customers.  In addition, the Plant Manager will work with Process and Tooling Engineering teams to successfully launch new and takeover products as well as provide operational resources to support all launches and actively participate in meetings and reviews.  The successful candidate will meet or exceed the following MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:  • BS in Mechanical or Industrial Engineering, or similar • 10-15 years of experience in Plant Management, Operations or similar roles with P/L responsibilities • Direct experience in high volume manufacturing and metal stamping • Direct experience with ISO /TS requirements and Toyota production systems (5S, Kanban, MRP II ) • Six Sigma Black Belt certification is strongly desired • Direct experience with alodine finishing is also strongly desired.  Salary: $80-$85,000 plus bonus  Our client offers a very competitive salary, 401(k) match, health benefits, and other substantial benefits.  *** All Candidates MUST be legally eligible to work in the US without additional sponsorship***
1920:1-year-experience-needed supervising-job full-time-job salary	The Results Companies is a leading-edge customer contact solutions provider for many Fortune 500 companies. Established in 1990, The Results Companies provides services through over 4000 CSR's located in 15 locations worldwide.    The Human Resources Coordinator / Recruiter is responsible for  administrative related duties and is responsible for delivering all facets of the recruiting success throughout the organization for your designated site. This will be achieved through the development of local recruiting strategies by utilizing traditional sourcing methods and resources as well as developing new and creative recruiting ideas. The Human Resources Coordinator / Recruiter will play a critical role in ensuring we are hiring the best every time!    *Job Responsibilities:*    * The Local Recruiter takes the lead in all the site's recruitment activities, ensuring that staff needs and objectives are met and exceeded     * Seek out, interview and screen applicants for both customer service and customer sales   positions in order to fill existing and future job openings     * Perform searches for qualified candidates according to relevant job criteria, using computer databases, networking, Internet recruiting resources, cold calls, media, recruiting firms and employee referrals     * Post openings in newspaper advertisements, with professional organizations and in other appropriate venues that are approved by the company     * Coordinate the interviewing process for job applicants including applicant flow, scheduling, testing, interviewing and responding to applicants    * Measure ongoing effectiveness of recruiting tools within your market as to where the best applicants come from    * Become proficient with our applicant tracking platform tool (Evolv) to determine the best applicants for our organization     * Complete new hire paperwork and maintain employee files     * Hear and document employee relation issues and handle / escalate to corporate HR as needed     * Participate in unemployment hearings     * Collect and submit payroll    * Conduct new hire orientation     * Processing various forms including applications, employment, enrollment, personnel change information and other confidential forms and records.    *Required Skills and Qualifications:*    * Excellent presentation and communication skills    * Minimum 1+ years of HR or Recruiting experience or a recruiter seeking to gain HR experience     * Candidate should be a savvy, results-oriented individual with a high energy level and an enthusiastic approach    * Must be detail oriented, methodical    * Self-motivated with proven project management skills; experience managing multiple concurrent engagements a plus    * Demonstrate relationship and leadership skills to influence and work with multiple internal and external client contacts    * Excellent problem solving, conceptual thinking, quantitative and analytical skills    * Able to work effectively in a rapidly changing environment while generating significant output at high performance    * Strong skills and proficiency in MS Office (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Access)    * Salary for this position is paying between 26K - 29K +    *Benefits include, but are not limited to:*  •Medical Insurance, Flexible Spending Accounts, 401(k) Retirement Plan, Paid Time off, Paid Training, Various employee discounts, Opportunities for advancement, Business Casual Dress code and many more.     The benefits highlighted above provide a basic outline of the company benefits offered to our employees. Summary plan documents of the current benefit plans will be provided upon employment, and are subject to change.  
1921:bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Responsible for the team that will do observations and audit function, against the defined training course-maps, industry standards and Customer materials. Ensure tracking of all employee training and development initiatives and provide an e-learning solution through our Learning Management Systems.    This position will communicate with Senior Management on the success and challenges faced within the training organization, pre hire, in training and  post production. They will provide the framework that ensures Associates and Leadership are delivering the best experience to our front line team.    This person will work with the support teams to understand operational challenges, then work on how we can proactively in training mitigate those operational challenges.     This candidate should have a vast knowledge of the contact center business.    *Major Responsibilites*    Develop and maintain an adaptable Training Organization that serves the Training needs for the company. Responsibilities include:      • Long term/strategic planning and budget planning/analysis.   • Result-oriented quality measurement and applying appropriate measurements when applicable.   • Marketing knowledge for the promotion and advertising of training initiatives and campaigns.   • Organizational team participation and implementation of strategic initiatives.   • Focus  on creating high-value customized support solutions for our clients and delivering increased customer satisfaction   • Manage team of mid level managers and direct them to look at the business from an analytical standpoint.  • Analyze what are the drivers behind success and opportunities within the training organization  • Analyze post training performance and working in tandem with the operations and BI teams to help the organization as a whole be smarter about what and how we deliver training to our front line teams  • Create controlled innovative solutions and training deliverables that elevate the learning environment  • Define and measure against the Training SOPs and Certification elements  • Maintain and Monitor Training Professional Certification Requirements      As a trusted sourcing partner, our clients’ business objectives become our business objectives.  Every day, we strive to better understand our clients’ competitive and market challenges so that we can play a more effective role as a trusted sourcing partner.  We build customer loyalty and reduce total cost of ownership through specific actionable continuous improvement efforts       *Decision Making Authority*     • Normally receives minimal instructions on routine work and limited instructions on new assignments. Work assignments are complex in nature where judgment is required in resolving problems and making recommendations. Applies knowledge of the job, and company policies and principles to complete a wide range of tasks.   • Work is performed under supervision of the VP of Support Services. Responsible for the supervision of Corporate Training Managers. Responsible for the direction, coordination and evaluation of the department and can include; interviewing, hiring, and training employees; planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding and disciplining employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems.       *Knowledge, Skill and Abilities*    • Complete understanding of the general and technical aspects of training.   • Fluent in verbal and written English, bi-lingual is a plus.  • Ability to effectively communicate and interact with all levels of personnel within the organization, including presenting information and responding to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers.  • Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists.   • Ability to plan own work and the work of others in one or more departments.   • Ability to prepare and/or develop plans for projects and programs involving coordination with other departments and/or outside organizations.   • Ability to adapt to changing priorities, meet deadlines and work well under pressure.   • Ability to nurture and develop a team environment.   • Ability to exercise initiative and judgment as well as make decisions within the scope of assigned authority.   • Ability to incorporate adult learning theory when facilitating training.   • Advanced knowledge of various talent management practices and theories.  • Ability to supervise and motivate others.   • Strong math skills to include knowledge of basic statistics.   • Ability to evaluate training of all functions at multiple sites.   • Advanced skills in establishing and maintaining effective working relationships.  • Strong computer skills including Windows Office Products.    *Education/Experience*       • Bachelors Degree (BS) from a four (4) year college or university or equivalent combination of education and related experience.   • Minimum 5 years related experience with a minimum of two (2) years supervisory/ management experience is required.     *Travel Requirements*    • Frequent travel is required approximately 70%  
1925:full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed hourly-wage supervising-job	What we offer:  • Immediate, FULL-TIME, consistent work • Outstanding Benefits package available including 401K, medical, dental, vacation. • A stable work environment – we have been in business for over 33 years - $55/hour salaried position plus $85/day per diem  Description:  1. Oversee the daily operations at assigned sites.  2. Maintain daily paperwork required for the site and the crew.  3. Implement and follow through with job instructions provided by the Project Manager.  4. Schedule and manage subcontractors and materials delivery.  5. Ensure safety and quality control requirements at your sites and with your crew.  6. Compile all site-specific closeout documentation for your work effort.  7. Coordinate with customer representative for site related activities and maintain a good working relationship with customer representative.  8. Provide leadership, guidance and actively train / promote learning to all crew members.  9. Maintain equipment and vehicles in an operational condition at all times.  10. 3 weeks of 6-10s and then 10 days off  Requirements:  1. At least 2 years of industry experience.  2. Demonstrated expertise in construction skills, rigging, safety and general industry knowledge.  3. Job related certifications – safety, rescue, CPR and connector attachment  4. Organizational, computer and communication skills.  5. Must be able to read and interpret site plans, construction drawings and scopes of work.  6. Must possess a valid driver’s license and comply with company motor vehicle policy.  7. Recognize and provide a safe work site with acceptable quality and efficiency.  8. Ability to lead, teach and train proper work and safety procedures.  9. Must be able to provide, record and manage paperwork  10. Present professional image at all times. 11. Must be able to travel to remote cell sites in Arizona and New Mexico.  Please go to www.example.com and click on the Careers tab to complete our online application.
1933:2-4-years-experience-needed associate-needed supervising-job	LOCAL QUALIFIED CANDIDATES ONLY    PLEASE SUBMIT RESUME AND SALARY REQUIREMENTS      JOB DUTIES:    • Provide direction and leadership to the shipping department.  This will ensure the smooth flow of materials to and from the manufacturing areas  • Understand corporate and materials group goals and establish goals to support continuous improvement in these areas.  • Maintain an open line of communication between customer service, manufacturing, and shipping groups so that any issues are met and resolved.  • Maintain a level of professionalism within the shipping team that is consistent with all FTI policies.  • Encourage all team members to commit to success.  • Work closely with all managers to ensure our customers’ requirements are met on time.  • Work to eliminate waste and improve our value added effort.  • Responsibilities include training associates, planning, assigning and directing work on the shifts, conducting performance appraisals, rewarding and disciplining associates, addressing complaints, and resolving problems.  • Supervise and execute overall operations of the shipping department.  • Ensure stock is rotated on a FIFO basis.  • Assist with year-end physical inventory according to financial activities.  • Reads, understands and conforms to ISO/TS procedures with a primary focus relevant work instructions.  • Plan and attend required department meetings with leaders and management to discuss plans, results, problems, and scheduled production.  • Must work in a safe manner at all times, abiding by the rules set for the work area.  Immediately report any seen or foreseen problems in work area to leader or management.  • Maintain a clean work environment continuously throughout the day by properly disposing of debris and keeping work area clean.    PREFERRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:    • Self-directed with continuous mental and visual attention required while performing multiple tasks with a high level of accuracy and quality.  • Common intelligence, courtesy, and a cooperative spirit needed to respond to changing production needs, internal departments, associate questions, purchase goods or follow-up on shipments, and report serious problems immediately to supervisor.  • Ability to interpret a variety of instructions in oral, written, or diagram, manual or schedule form and regularly use simple writing or arithmetic skills to calculate figures and amounts such as percentages, weights, and volume.  • Possess a thorough knowledge of manufacturing and material flow operations and work through problems making sound judgment decisions based upon prior manufacturing experience.  • Possess working knowledge of Microsoft Programs such as Word, Excel, Internet Explorer, PowerPoint and Outlook.  Will be required to enter data into spreadsheets and initiate or respond to emails.  Ability to learn SAP modules supporting materials group.  • Moderate physical effort required consisting of standing or walking 6-8 hours, sitting 1-3 hours, regular lifting up to 50 pounds to maneuver various sized and type of material, twisting, bending and squatting, pushing and pulling, climb stairs, and constant use of arms to fingers to inspect product or components, assist, write or type reports.  • Required to wear safety equipment as identified for the area at all times on the production floor.    MINIMUM EDUCATION AND TRAINING REQUIREMENTS TO QUALIFY FOR THIS POSITION:    • Associates Degree required in business or a related curriculum.   • Two years supervisory experience in a material handling/inventory control environment preferred.  • Required specific training:  SAP Modules:  MM = Inventory Management and Physical Inventory, Hi-Lo, Crane, Aerial Lift license, and ISO/TS department procedures and instructions  • Preferred specific training:  FIFO, basic supervisory, Problem Solving.  Microsoft programs.  .
1935:5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job supervising-job hourly-wage bs-degree-needed	HUMAN RESOURCES//CORPORATE RECRUITERS SHOULD NOT APPLY.  THIS IS NOT A SEARCH FOR TRADITIONAL PERSONNEL RECRUITERS  *Summary:* National Healthcare Consulting Firm provides consulting and professional services to national and regional healthcare organizations.  The (Managed Care Consultant- Network Development) is responsible for the recruitment of a broad range of healthcare provider specialties into client health plan networks.  Solicited providers will include a variety of specialties, small, medium and large group practices, selected ancillary providers and rural hospitals.  *Essential Functions: * The (Managed Care Consultant- Network Development) is responsible for effectively recruiting, negotiating and procuring contracts from healthcare providers who meet client needs.  Recruiter is responsible for updating the prospect data base to reflect all prospect interaction and coordinates activities as necessary within the firm.  Uses team approach to resolve provider contract language and fee schedule negotiations.  Must successfully meet productivity targets as defined by clients, typically national health plans.  Proven ability to work both independently and as part of a team.   *Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: * • BA/BS Degree.  Healthcare related degree preferred but not mandatory  • 5 + years managed care contracting experience soliciting professional provider entities • Possess strong customer focus and a proactive problem solving approach • Excellent written and interpersonal skills with a proactive communication style • Must have strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office applications (Excel, Word, Outlook) • Must be well organized and capable of working independently on a variety of assignments • Contractor is required to possess a professional home office  *Preferred Requirements: * Network Development experience within Medicare, Medicaid, Duals, Commercial, Behavioral Health, LTSS preferred in multiple markets.  *Working Conditions: * Contractor is required to possess a professional home office.  Limited travel/work to targeted market(s) possible.    *Position Type:* Full-Time (1099).  Up to six months or longer engagement.  *Salary: * $25-45/Hour based on experience
1940:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	HARDSCAPE FOREMAN (Knoxville)   Job description:   Acadia is looking for a motivated individual to join our team as a Hardscape foreman. We are a dynamic, expanding company and this position has the potential for advancement. We are looking for a team player who takes enjoyment in a job well done and has fun doing it. The primary responsibility of this position is to ensure that the projects are installed in a timely manner and to high standards. The Hardscape foreman oversees, and works with, the installation crew. In addition, the foreman is responsible for the following: ensuring that the time sheets are properly filled out, recording the materials that are installed on site, filing daily work sheets and progress reports, ensuring that the team leaves the landscape yard at the designated times with all the necessary equipment for the day.   Job Requirements   A minimum of 2 years' experience as a foreman is required.  *  A driver's license and legal work papers are essential.  *  Have Experience with all types of dry laid paver/stone installation  *  Be capable of supervising and leading a construction crew  *  Maintain a high degree of professionalism, customer service skills and attention to detail   schedule and interview via email, and or email resume or fax to  XXX 
1950:supervising-job full-time-job salary	*Company Background*  InCompetition Sports is a full-service specialty sports store located in Green Bay, Wisconsin since 1989. As a true specialty store, it caters to sports enthusiasts who enjoy competition and staying fit, whether it is running, biking, skiing, or anything that promotes an active lifestyle. InCompetition carries a full line of top-notch equipment and apparel to fit anyone’s budget. Its friendly staff combines personal service with equipment knowledge, so that customers can be confident that they are getting what they need to experience all the joy and benefits of exercise. The company prides itself on creating customer relationships that are built on honesty, openness, and enthusiasm for the products they sell and service.    Full-time employees receive an extensive benefits package that includes medical insurance, 401k plan and paid vacation. Salary is competitive and includes incentives.    *About The Job*  Here is a dream job for someone who loves fitness, working with people, and being in a leadership role. It’s ideal for an independent, self-motivated person who prides him/herself on people skills, creative juices, computer skills, and of course, a sense of humor. The Bike Shop Manager handles all aspects of the operation, to include, staffing, training, product selection, inventory, and marketing. Most importantly, this person ensures that the customer experience is a positive one.     *Job Requirements*   *Prior retail management experience preferred.  *Excellent customer service skills and sales ability.  *Effective staffing, leadership and management skills.  *Be organized and have attention to detail.  *Manage multiple priorities.  *Ability to coach and motivate others.   *Great verbal communications  *Flexible to a varying schedule.
1954:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	Assists in the coordination of Human Resources, Safety/Compliance, and Training/Development functions to optimize the use of all resources in meeting and/or exceeding established plant goals.  Manufacturing experience and degree preferred.  This is an excellent opportunity for career development.      Benefits administration     • Compensation / Performance Management     • Polices / legal compliance     • Hourly recruiting     • Training and communications     • Safety     • Employee Relations     • HRIS / record keeping     • Labor Relations     • OSHA & EPA compliance     • Worker’s Compensation & other insurance related issues     • Local, state and federal compliance      Requirements  • Bachelor degree in Human Resources or related discipline; extensive work experience may be considered in lieu of education; PHR certification is a plus.     • Minimum of 3 years Human Resource management experience; manufacturing preferred.     • Minimum of 3 years of supervision experience; multiple departments is a plus     • Must have experience in administering Human Resource programs including but not limited to recruiting, benefits, compensation, safety, and training.     • Bi-lingual in Spanish is a plus.     • Excellent personal computer skills in a network environment; Microsoft products experience preferred - Outlook-Word-Excel-Access-PowerPoint.     • Track record of successful project management     • Experience in working in a team environment     • Management style must be consistent with CITE Principles     • Strong planning/Organization & Time Management skills     • Demonstrated problem solving skills
1960:supervising-job	Origins Counter Manager - a fun career path with a promising future!   Seeking a retail professional with a successful record of sales achievement for an Origins Counter Manager position at Macy's  • Retail sales experience highly desired • Cosmetic experience preferred • 1 - 2 years management experience a plus • Embrace Origins corporate philosophy  • Excellent communication, leadership and organizational skills  • Ability to function in a fast-paced environment, have a professional attitude and ability to be flexible and adapt to change.  • Ability to successfully manage and supervise a sales team  JOB DESCRIPTION:   Maintain the total operation and supervise the shop and employees. Generate sales, perform outstanding customer service, maximize profits by controlling expenses, train guides and protect company assets.   Major Responsibilities:  • Create and maintain an atmosphere geared to achieve sales and profit goals  • Determine and communicate individual sales goals and hold staff accountable for results in accordance with Origins business practices  • Analyze and review goal attainment and develop strategies to improve performance  • Identify and communicate merchandise assortment opportunities and issues to team and Origins management  • Resolve client issues, requests in an efficient and quick manner  • Utilize and maintain customer database for phone calls, product launches, events and appointments in conjunction with the Origins customer program  • Maintain a cohesive, cooperative work environment through team building and motivation  • Manage time, establish priorities and delegate effectively to meet goals and objectives  • Recruit, hire and develop top sales and management professionals, maintaining an active candidate pool  • Administer all training programs for selling skills, customer service, products and operations  • Conduct monthly coaching sessions to communicate objectives, set goals and follow up on progress according to Origins business programs  • Perform thorough and timely staff reviews and initiate increases, promotions, disciplinary action and terminations with District Manager and Human Resources approval  • Plan and execute floor sets, window changes, signage placement, etc.  • Follow and implement all corporate visual presentation standards and guidelines   So if all this sounds like something you'd like to be a part of, then come be a part of Origins. And don't be surprised if you find yourself strolling in each day with a smile on your face it happens all the time around here  ABOUT US:   Origins: Is all about finding new and different answers to age old problems, taking control of how you treat your body, and enhancing the way you look and feel, inside and out. Origins was introduced in 1990, and is sold in over 110 Origins Stores, as well as major Department Stores.   Our Culture: Working at Origins puts you in touch with new and exciting people everyday - from your co-workers to your customers. It gives you the opportunity to learn new things from the latest Skin Care, Hair Care, Bath and Body and Color products and tips to selling techniques. No two days on the job will ever be quite the same. And it gives you a place to grow. Because you'll also be taking a career path with a promising future.
1965:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Are you ready to lead a team of professional valets and shuttle bus drivers? Do you like working in a fast paced and dynamic environment? If so, join the Metropolitan Healthcare Services team!!  Position Requirements  Education: High School Diploma/Certification or equivalent work experience Experience: At least 2+ years of experience at a Management level Skills: Excellent interpersonal and leadership skills (Commercial Driver’s License required) Physical: Able to sit, stand, walk and run for extended periods. Use of arms, hands, vision and voice Mental: Excellent Problem solving and interpersonal skills and computer savvy  Position Duties  • Assist Area Manager as requested on the pre/post planning of new customer contracts. Provide on-site operational management during the implementation process post sale and throughout the term of the contract • Manage a particular account or specific job function at an account • Manage Teams with specific emphasis on performance improvement and accountability • Effectively communicate verbally and in written form with customers (internally/externally) and maintain good customer relations • Plan and perform training support for Operations employees to develop their potential and ability to function in their jobs at an optimal level • Reinforce Human Resources policies and procedures  • Must be detail oriented and organized with the ability to work independently • Performs additional duties as assigned  Visit us online at www.example.com
1967:supervising-job	We are a Medical Spa in the Mission Valley area in search of an outstanding Clinic/Front Desk Supervisor with superior customer service and leadership skills.   Must include cover letter, resume, and salary requirements for consideration.  *Position Objectives:*  To perform all position responsibilities according to the clinic policies. Greet and welcome clinic guests and assure an excellent first and lasting impression. Oversee clinic coordinators to ensure all policies and procedures are being performed to the highest standards. Other objectives include: Operation -- Oversee all functions of the clinic's operation Leadership -- Lead/Manage the clinic coordinators according to business standards Teambuilding -- Recruit, train and retain a professional front desk staff Performance -- To achieve and set monthly performance targets for self and the clinic coordinators. Marketing -- Educate and train coordinators on all upcoming marketing promotions *Position Activities and Responsibilities:* _Clinic Team_  • Train, reward, and manage/lead clinic coordinators • Ensure that team members are current with insurance and licensing requirements • Be a role model for the clinic team • Communicate the vision and mission  • Actively participate in team meetings • Implement, practice, and enforce all policies and procedures according to Timeless policies • Ensure the team is following guest protocols and delivering the ultimate experience  • Resolve team member conflicts or grievances; act as liaison between team and clinic director  • Resolve guest issues • Conduct team performance evaluations • Determine and publish team schedules  • Enforce and monitor team image -- uniforms, makeup, hair, shoes • Award and recognize the team *Position Activities and Responsibilities:*  *Marketing Communication*  •       Work closely with Marketing Director • Inform the clinic team of monthly marketing strategies • Educate the team on how to present promotions and specials • Act as the clinic's spokes person   *Marketing Relations* • Communicate and build relations with all department leaders • Build community relations • Business to business relations and strategies  *Marketing Functions* • Plan promotions with Marketing Director • Plan and host clinic events • Oversee in-spa marketing displays   *Desired Qualifications:* • Experience in building, developing, leading and managing a clinic team • Leadership skills • Excellent writing and communication skills • Ability to present a professional image • Flexible schedule and ability to work 40 hours + per week • Passionate about the medispa lifestyle • Computer skills and aptitude for Millennium software  *Behavioral Characteristics* • Cheerful, upbeat personality, with leadership style • Enjoys fostering community relations  • Excellent communication skills, good public speaker • Flexible and cooperative • Patient and level headed • High personal standards, good self esteem • Detailed oriented • Good organizational skills and follow through • Able to multi-task and improvise on the spur of the moment • High energy, able to work in fast paced environment • Good sense of time; prompt, able to meet deadlines • Good sense of humor and outgoing • Self-motivated, no guidance needed to perform successfully • Able to work well under pressure • For professional growth seeks out knowledge and enjoys learning and teaching  • Appear polished and with professional image  • Great work ethics • Confident and committed to the clinic team  
1975:associate-needed supervising-job	The Program Coordinator for Group Home Services (PC-GHS) is responsible for the quality of services carried out at the Personal Care Homes and Community Living Arrangements under his/her direction. This professional is responsible for acquiring, training, and supervising competent direct care staff (Direct Support Professional) that provide appropriate residential supports to the individuals living in the group homes. The PC-GHS must make sure that services are delivered with the most efficient use of resources, in clean environments, and in manners that help the individuals receiving services experience \"quality services for a quality life.\" The best candidate for this position is a self-disciplined, energetic, detail oriented, enjoys reading, and deadline conscious person who is able to communicate clearly and effectively with both supervisors and subordinates.  Being able to follow up with your staff and your boss is a must. The PC-GHS will contribute in efforts to provide quality services for a quality life by encouraging increasing individual independence, choice, community integration, and meaningful goal tracking. PC-GHS reports to the Executive Director. The PC-GHS is the direct supervisor for Direct Support Professionals (DSPs). In the event that a DSP is absent or a DSP position is not filled, it is the responsibility of the PC-GHS to find appropriate staffing to replace him/her to the extent of filling the position him/herself until a DSP is put in place. Services to individuals in the home should never be disrupted due to staffing issues! The PC-GHS is responsible for upholding policies and regulations of LWLS, Medicaid, DBHDD, CARF, and the State of Georgia. PC-GHS must mitigate the likelihood of fraud and abuse by staff, volunteers, and/or participants through comprehensive and hands on supervision and monitoring of programs as well as holding staff accountable.  The PC-GHS will have a caseload maximum of 18 people and oversee a maximum of 6 group homes. The PC-GHS must also assure services are provided in the most inclusive, least restrictive, community based fashion, while meeting the individual’s needs and helping them work towards their wants. The PC-GHS must have experience working with people with Intellectual/Developmental Disabilities. It is preferred that they have experience working around/with people with challenging behaviors. The applicant must also hold a degree in a human services (or related) field, master's preferred. The applicant should also have previous supervisory skills as well as great organizational and time management skills. Ability to learn quick and improvise is a must. Creativity is a must. Ability to manage stress is a must. Reliability is a must
1977:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job licence-needed	The Clinical Services Supervisor has the overall responsibility for supervising the day-to-day provision of patient care sercvies.  Assures that patient care provided is appropriate and meets regulatory and professional standards of practice; complies with all Federal, State, and Accreditation laws and regulations that govern home health agencies; and ensures growth and profitability of the agency.    Must be a graduate of an accredited RN Nursing program. BSN preferred.    Current Registered Nurse in State of Alabama required.  Minimum of 3 years experience in clinical nursing and 2 years experience in Home Health.  Supervisorary experience required.      Competitive Pay and Excellent Benefits Package Offered    Central North Alabama Health Services, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, or veteran status.
1978:salary 1-year-experience-needed supervising-job	Director of Food and Nutrition Services in a CCRC   Immediate opening in healthcare segment!!!!  Metz Culinary, a leading food service provider, has an immediate need for a manager in our healthcare division who share our commitment to excellence.   Ideal candidate should have strong leadership skills and offer at least three years experience in a healthcare setting.    This position offers a competitive salary and benefit package along with a true team environment with a company that is committed to its employees. If you have a job and are looking for a career, send resume and cover letter today.
1985:1-year-experience-needed full-time-job supervising-job	_Established design/ build, landscape company offering the following full-time, year-round position for the right dependable, energetic person_  *Landscape Maintenance Team Leader*   *QUALIFICATIONS* *Minimum 1 year landscape-maintenance related experience (more experience is preferred) *Horticultural/ plant knowledge a must *Working knowledge of irrigation *Must have valid (state issued drivers license) *Clean driving record  *Ability to drive box truck/ pull a trailer *Knowledge and ability to use landscape related tools (i.e. mowers, trimmers, blowers, etc.) *Ability to lift more than 50 lbs. *Must have reliable transportation to and from work *Drug free (must pass pre-employment drug screen)   *e-mail resumes or come by the office, 558 Hickory Ave, Harahan, La, to fill out an application* *Location: Harahan, LA * Compensation: TOP PAY DEPENDING ON EXPERIENCE *Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster. *no phone calls about this job! _Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests_
1995:full-time-job supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	*Bay Equity LLC* is a direct lender operating in the heart of San Francisco's financial district with retail centers throughout California, Portland, OR, Tacoma, WA and Everett, WA.  Our Mortgage Banking services provide customers in the Western United States with efficient funding for conventional and government loans.  Our mission is straight forward: deliver great Price & Service.  We are hiring for a *Loan Processor* in our San Diego Branch.   *Duties and Responsibilities:* * Review loan application to determine the completeness of all documents and verify the borrows qualification for specified loan product * Advise loan officer of any deficiencies or missing documentation * Works with escrow to obtain all items necessary for disclosure e.g. estimated HUD, preliminary title report, closing protection letter and wire instructions * Prepares GFE, TIL, fee worksheet and all disclosures, orders appraisal and run credit * Package and submit complete files to operations through Encompass program * Upon receipt of loan approval, works with the loan officer, loan coordinator, and escrow officer to clear all prior to doc conditions and funding conditions * Prepares doc request and submits to loan coordinator  * Arranges signing for borrower with escrow officer * Works with funder, loan officer and escrow officer to clear funding conditions  *Minimum Requirements:* * Minimum 2 years mortgage loan processing experience * Experience utilizing Encompass mortgage software a must * Ability to work collaboratively with others * Excellent communication skills * Strong customer service skills * Ability to use deductive reasoning  * Knowledge of Encompass and RESPA  We offer a comprehensive benefit package including; medical, dental, vision, life insurance, 401k, and paid time off.  Compensation based on experience with possible bonus structure.  This is a full-time position with enormous growth potential in an expanding company.  To submit your application please click on the link below  www.example.com  
2002:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	Company Profile  TTC, Inc. provides Information Technology services to DoD and civilian agencies: customized application, software and database development; Help Desk support; network design and installation; Information Assurance; SharePoint development and support; data center networking; information assurance and unified communications design.  As evidence of our company’s prior success, TTC was awarded the TSA’s 2010 Office of Security Technology Innovation Award. As a proud recipient of this award, we acknowledge that it represents a true commitment and dedication to our customers and their mission.  Benefits:  TTC offers a generous benefits package that includes: 10 paid federal holidays and 3 weeks of vacation/sick leave. Short term disability insurance Long term disability insurance Health Insurance Dental Insurance Vision Insurance Life Insurance 401 K Retirement Plan matching  Security Requirement:  Ability to obtain and maintain a DOD Secret Level Clearance.  This position is contingent upon award of contract  JOB Description Minimum General/Specialized Experience. Duties could be Technical and/or Managerial: Technical: An ISA provides technical expertise at the enterprise level in the area of information and system security primarily working to protect the infrastructure from abuse and harmful intrusion. Often this position requires extensive research and effort monitoring network activity and analyzing activity logs. Must possess and maintain an IAT-II level certification as outlined in DoD 8570.1M. Managerial: Subject matter expertise on IA issues for end users on multiple classifications of computer networks. Understand Certification and Accreditation documentation, standard operating procedures, policies and security instructions for both networked and stand-alone computer systems and work closely with multiple Program IAMs. Must possess and maintain an IAM-I level certification as outlined in DoD 8570.1M. Substitution: The candidate must have relevant experience plus a mid-level certification, or relevant experience plus a mid-level certification and an Associate’s Degree in a Technical Discipline or related field. Relevant experience will determine ISA level as outlined below; ISA II - six years of relevant experience ISA III - eight years of relevant experience ISA IV - ten years of relevant experience  Education: Bachelor’s Degree in a Technical Discipline or related field plus a mid-level certification.         
2004:bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Job Description  The role is to plan, execute, and finalize all projects according to strict deadlines and within budget. This includes acquiring resources and coordinating the efforts of team members to deliver projects according to plan. You will also define the project's objectives and identify resources, create timelines, track progression, ensure completion and document results.    MUST BE CERTIFIED PMP  Responsibilities:  •Manage project development from beginning to end  •Lead process improvement initiatives; monitor and identify process gaps  •Develop full-scale project plans and associated communications documents  •Liaise with project stakeholders on an ongoing basis  •Set and continually manage project expectations with team members and other stakeholders.  •Delegate tasks and responsibilities to appropriate personnel.  •Identify and resolve issues and conflicts within the project team  •Identify and manage project dependencies and critical path.  •Plan and schedule project timelines and milestones using appropriate tools.  •Track project milestones and deliverables  •Develop and deliver progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation, and presentations.  •Proactively manage changes in project scope, identify potential crises, and devise contingency plans.  •Build, develop, and grow any business relationships vital to the success of the project.  •Conduct project post mortems and create a recommendations report in order to identify successful and unsuccessful project elements.   Desired Skills & Experience •5+ years in Microsoft Office SharePoint Services 2007 / 2010  •Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience and Minimum 2+ years direct work experience in a lead project management capacity, including all aspects of process development and execution  •Minimum 2+ years experience in Microsoft Office Suite, including but not limited to Project, Visio, and Access Database  •Minimum 2+ years experience in managing resources across various lines of business  •Project Management Professional (PMP) certification is desired.
2010:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed part-time-job	Store Manager Hydrate CA - Part Time  Overview  hydrate CA. is not just a world class designer concept boutique, it is a lifestyle. We offer innovative dressing and highly evolved personal style. The company's signature fashion philosophy- The \"concept\" of combinations created by pairing up pieces from established and emerging brand name designers is what sets hydrate CA. apart from other retailers. hydrate CA. not only caters to tourist and destination it caters to A- Lister celebrities and local socialites.  Our stylists decide carefully what brands to add to our selection by cherry-picking an elite group of unique designers. Our goal is to offer the customer a pre-screened selection of fabulous options. A great fit, unique style, and quality are always in mind when selecting our designers. \"We take pride in our quality not quantity approach.\"  *Responsibility*  _Essential Functions_  Passion for and understanding of the business of fashion and brands  Lead by example drawing on retail experience, develop innovative bold solutions and contribute to the success of others   Is proactive at looking for ways to maximize the brand and business  Develops client relationships, merchandising & design of display/store working closely with direction of GM  *Merchandise Processing, In-Store Marketing and Store Appearance*   Responsible for leading inventory process including preparation and execution of inventory guidelines  Inventory management; receiving/tagging/processing merchandise to the selling floor  Ensures merchandise is presented and organized working closely with the GM per company vision and direction  Manages store recovery to ensure a clean, neat, easy to shop environment  Deter loss prevention and minimize loss   *Sales and Service*  In partnership with the General Manager, ensure store meets or exceeds sales goals  Exemplify the highest level of customer service standards while providing a friendly and enthusiastic environment to all customers and clients  Develop client loyalty program  Maintain presence through effective sales floor leadership   Contribute to building sales programs and incentives for associates  Train and motivate all associates through programs in sales, customer service and product knowledge  *Operations*  Maintain the visual and operational standards of the store and company at all times  Train and motivate all associates through sales structure, customer service and product knowledge  Ensure brand standards are met from a merchandise and visual standard perspective as well as maintenance of store environment  In partnership with General Manager manage store operating procedures to minimize store losses/loss prevention  Establish calendar of promotions, events, and marketing    *Qualifications*  HS diploma or GED equivalent required, Bachelor’s Degree preferred 2-4 years retail management experience, specialty in a clienteling environment 2-4 years customer service experience Passiona for fashion Excellent customer orientation, organization and leadership skills  Ideally has experience with a new store opening or pop up  
2019:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed salary supervising-job	Confidential healthcare affiliated Company is seeking a dynamic Director Human Resource with demonstrated strengths in employee relations, compensation, developing recruitment/retention strategy, benefit administration, performance management, policy development, analytical skills & customer service focus.   This position will serve as a member of & advisor to the executive team for the region regarding Human Resources strategy and operational support.  The director will provide guidance and counsel in all areas of Human Resources administration to supervisors, managers and directors, including employee relations, compensation management, recruitment and retention, employee development, and performance management.  Minimum requirements: Degree in Human Resources or related field with 7  to 10 years HR leader/management experience required supervising and existing HR staff.  Experience in healthcare industry not required as strong HR skills are transferrable.    The successful candidate will have:   •Strong knowledge of business/business acumen   •Can easily demonstrate best practices in all HR competencies  •Fully competent in understanding the complexities of employee relations and demonstrates the ability to quickly diagnose potential signs of labor activity.  •Possess the strong HR diagnostics skills to analyze operational effectiveness.  •Must be a leader of organization development especially relative to employee/patient satisfaction skills sets  •Absolutely no fear of “rolling the sleeves\" up and personally implementing HR strategies  •Highly competent in understanding and communicating leading edge employee compensation and benefit strategies.   •Demonstrates ability to develop HR strategy that directly links or overall organization goals and tactical operations  •Multi-tasker that thrives on goal setting and accountability.  Can very quickly analyze complex issues and present a well thought out response plan     Excellent compensation & relocation package available.  Please include salary history/requirements for consideration. 
2032:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	The Senior Financial Business Analyst will be responsible for managing and configuring the JD Edwards Enterprise One financial module.  Primary tasks include configuring JDE E1 to meet business needs, analyze business requirements, recommend and implement solutions.  This role will act as a JDE business liaison working closely with users and leadership to translate requirements for Information Services staff.  Secondary tasks will involve managing testing processes, report development, system administration support and documentation of business processes and application solutions.   JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES SUMMARY:    • Identifies, implements and supports best practices across financial and related processes • Work closely with Finance and Operations and its business units to identify areas of opportunities to leverage technology to drive efficiencies that will reduce cycle time, increase inventory turns, exception based management, and key productivity improvements. • Drive standardized business processes among financial systems/functions to simplify business processes. • Work closely with management to understand and prioritize business goals and information needs, then translate these needs to functional systems requirement documents and design specifications, refining conceptual systems design requirements into high-level technical design document • Provide IT leadership towards the financial systems by developing project plans, obtaining business approvals, risk assessment analysis, implementation of changes, and overall project management to ensure goals are accomplished within prescribed time frame and cost. • Configuration of JD Edwards Financials (V9.00 or higher) system(s): - GL - AP - AR - Fixed Assets - Cost Accounting - Forecasting - Consolidation - Financial Reporting and Analysis - Inter-company - Human Capital Management - Procure-to-pay process • Managing overall testing process and project to production change management life-cycle. • This role combines JDE financial systems subject matter expertise and seasoned business analyst skills. To this end, the resource will have responsibility to conduct gap analysis, coordination of gap closure through development of business process changes, conference room pilots integration testing, system implementation and post production support. • This role must be able to lead process mapping exercise and process skills to motivate, lead, and develop team members assigned to this area. • Provide end user support, lead documentation of end user manuals, and ability to train end users. • Manage JDE system bugs; analyze root cause of problems and provide direction for work-arounds, corrections and enhancements. • Creation of functional requirements document. Work directly with end users to obtain requirements and translate the information into a functional requirements document for development towards a technical requirements document. • Serve as the lead for specific sections of a large-scale implementation and manage (plan, motivate, execute and report) all efforts related to the project. • Serve as the primary contact to end users for fielding support related requests. Log, track, resolve and report support issues to management. • Identification, implementation and support of financial system and financial process best practices. • Identify and integrate financial system solutions to support a growing global organization. • Support the needs of line management with enhanced financial system capabilities.    Supervision Received:  • Receives general leadership and direction from Vice President – Information Services  Authority and Accountabilities:  • Prioritization and delivery of financial and related projects • Leadership and guidance is exercised over I.S. project management and development staff and others involved in specific initiative teams. • High degree of latitude in accomplishing duties.   • Is accountable to Vice President of Information Services, the senior leadership of the organization and above as well as  peers within the group.   Job Qualifications: A.  Training/Education/License/Certification Minimum Requirements:    • BS/BA in Finance/Accounting or related area. • Project Management certification preferred. • Strong customer service, organizational management and communication (oral and written) skills • IBM i-Series (AS/400) is a plus  B.  Experience Minimum Requirements: • 5 - 7 years as JDE Enterprise One (v.8.12 or greater, preferred 9.00) Financial Systems Analyst experience  • 5 years experience in ability to configure in JDE Enterprise One v8.12 or greater • Manufacturing experience preferred this job. • BI Publisher and Hyperion experience desired • ERP (Enterprise One) Implementation is a plus 
2034:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job salary full-time-job	Job Classification: Direct Hire  Fast growing telecommunications company is expanding into the North Dallas area. They are in need of a sales manager for this location. Candidate will be responsible for personal production, as well as, managing a team of sales representatives. Must have high energy and be used to a high activity sales environment. 80% of activity will be in the field. Candidate must also have sales management experience. Candidate will train, develop, and manage the activity of the sales reps in their organization. This position has a very high earnings potential with a salary plus commissions.   Requirements:  4+ years of sales management experience High activity sales experience Ability to lead and motivate a sales team
2043:licence-needed supervising-job	Community Health Associates, a mental health provider, is seeking an intake clinician for our Yuma office. Qualified applicants will have or be able to obtain a level 1 fingerprint clearance card. Valid driver's license and reliable transportation required. Applications are available at www.example.com.  *Position Summary:* Interview members to assess and evaluate the members' problems, provide crisis intervention and determine treatment or rehabilitation needs; gather and analyze information on members' presenting circumstances, social and psychiatric history, and/or immediate needs; determine need and eligibility for behavioral health treatment, making recommendations and referrals within the Agency or to other programs and agencies as appropriate; oversee service plans which address the psychosocial needs as stated by members which may include housing, employment, education, financial, legal and social needs; prepare case histories and assessments or service plans; may provide individual, group and family mental health sessions as assigned, under the direct supervision of a licensed staff member; prepare a variety of administrative records, reports, correspondence and other documentation and maintains member records; communicate and/or consults with a variety of organizations, agencies, programs, and individuals in obtaining necessary treatment approaches and/ or support services for members, assisting members to meet their basic needs and improve their current situations; work with other agencies to identify, promote and develop needed health care services; participate in staff meetings, in-service training, team treatment sessions, conferences, and workshops; consult with Clinical Director, team members, and other professional staff concerning members; input and access data using a appropriate practice management system and computer. Members include children, adults, with severe disability, chronic illness, individuals in a crisis situation, and individuals who are parolees.  *Minimum Qualifications to Perform Job:* Bachelor’s degree in behavioral health or related field and three (3) years’ experience in a behavioral health setting. Certification as a Certified Assessor and Level One Fingerprint Clearance Card required. Ability to develop, implement programs and services in a culturally sensitive manner, communicate effectively both orally and written, demonstrate knowledge of compliance requirements and risk management Must be able to drive an automobile and work independently and flexible hours in order to meet the needs of members/consumers. Requires working knowledge of: * Symptoms and behaviors of major mental illnesses. * Basic social rehabilitation, socialization and practical life management skills. * Psychosocial aspects and characteristics of emotional disturbances and mental illness. * Principles and methods of interviewing, counseling, crisis intervention and assessing psychosocial behaviors. * Human behavior and development. * Problems, attitudes, and needs of the emotionally or socially disturbed. * Community resources. * Pharmacology of medications and psychotropic drugs. * Laws and regulations as they pertain to members' rights.
2045:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Great CPA firm experiencing rapid growth seeks senior audit manager to work with retiring partner.  Timeline to partner is two to three years.  We are looking for confident candidates with 2-4 years of recent managerial experience in a quality public accounting firm.    Industries include: Real Estate, Financial Services, Manufacturing, Construction, Employee Benefit Plans.   The successful candidate will be a proven leader with a CPA and a total of 8-10 years of public audit experience.   
2050:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Position Summary   The Senior Account Manager is responsible for growing some of the highest profile and fastest growing business at two of the top Specialty Retailers in the US, Petco and Unleashed.  This is position is fast paced, high profile, multifaceted, dynamic and has room for advancement as it is a succession role.    This position is geared toward top performers with solid CPG and/or retail backgrounds to take their careers to the next level.   Duties and Responsibilities • Manage and grow business within the Consumables Category at Petco and Petco.com • Lead the business in Unleashed, the fastest growing Pet Specialty Retailer in the US  • Manage and grow existing relationships with key influencers within Merchandising, Marketing, Space planning, Inventory and Senior Level Executives  • Develop Innovative programs that leverage all aspects of retailing principles • Identify new business opportunities and bring these to fruition • Increase sales in respective accounts by developing additional revenue sources   Qualifications Required: • 5+ years of solid sales experience in the CPG or retail.  Pet experience not required. • Proven track record of producing growth in a key account.   • Strong interpersonal and communication skills.  • Must be able to travel 20% of the time.  • Energetic and passionate about offering business solutions for clients. • Superior attention to detail and deliver superior customer service.   • Ability to understand financial reports including budgetary guidelines and project expenses.  • Ability to work under stress, with interruptions and tight deadlines.   • Ability to work individually and as part of a team with minimal supervision.   • Computer literate, high level of accuracy and detail oriented.  • Must be able to interact and influence C level executives.    • Demonstrate focused sales efforts, leadership, understanding of the CLA’s business model and environment.   • Ability to develop presentations and proposals. • Excellent written communication skills. Must be a proficient communicator, speaker and listener.  • Independent judgment to determine project guidelines, purpose, follow-through and completion.   • Must be a self-starter, open to collaboration and comfortable working in a small office environment. • Love of companion pets preferred. • Must have a good driving record and auto insurance liability limits of 25/50/15  Disclaimer The above and attached statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this position. Estimated percentages may vary considerably at times. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified
2068:bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	• Unit / Org Activities:  Assist in creation of solutions and other IP artifacts; evangelize Infy Tech Brand in specific area.(by anchoring Tech Day, White Papers, speaking in forums, etc.) to strengthen competency / expertise in technology / domain. • Knowledge Management:  Evangelize usage of reusable frameworks and artifacts; create knowledge / certification artifacts and evaluation criteria; and guide or provide technical training in relevant technology areas, to develop talent in technology / domain. • Strategy & Road Map Definition (Technical & Domain):  Perform As-Is analysis and provide To-Be recommendations; evaluate product technology solution; and provide solution to specialized problems to provide inputs on technical and domain Road Map. • Client Management:  Lead technical discussions with customer SME and stakeholders to provide technical differentiation to the relationship. • Financial Management (Applicable for Technical Consulting engagements):  Understand the processes for various types of projects and the various pricing models available; monitor the financial metrics like revenue and profitability; and assist Team Lead in analysis to improve the financials of the engagement. • People Management:  Create knowledge / certification artifacts and evaluation criteria; mentor in building of new areas of competency; guide or provide technical training in relevant technology areas; assist in reportees’ career planning; and conduct technical interviews to develop talent in technology / domain. • Project Tracking, Control & Report (Applicable for Technical Consulting engagements only):  Perform project management activities in some cases like project plan development and deployment; monitor progress as per plan, resource and task allocation; track project delivery; influence relevant stakeholders to ensure project delivery as planned. • Maintenance and Production Support:  Resolve critical issues coming at live sites identify and fix critical architectural/framework issues related to the product to production support requirements. • Warranty:  Resolve critical issues coming at live sites and identify and fix critical architectural/framework issues related to the product to meet SLA requirements during Warranty. • Change Management:  Train the users (end and key users); prepare training material if required for a smooth transition to the new system/process for the users. • Implementation:  Validate / Review large / Guide complex deployment solutions and framework, and create the blue print for large deployment solutions to meet technical challenges in deployment. • Testing:  Give consultation to TL`s on test strategy and solutions, develop test strategy for complex testing requirements, and set complex multi-vendor, multi-platform testing environment to achieve effective validation. • Development / Build:  Conduct NFR compliance verifications, validates NFR compliance, ensure alignment with overall architecture view, create / develop reference codes; gives consultation to TL`s on complex coding and technical/product issues to ensure effective solution development. • Architecture:  Create, consult, review Architectural Decisions architecture solution, and perform re-engineering of architectures to create solution blueprint to meet project requirement. • Design:  Evaluate and review Design Frameworks and Methodologies, and approve design to achieve functional and non-functional requirements and conformance to the architecture. • Requirements Gathering:  Ensure and review that the business / technical requirements are understood and translated to system requirements (product requirements) consistent with frameworks / standards to meet requirement definition for products and large projects. • Product / Solution Development (Applicable for Technical Consulting engagements):  Assist in product / solution development and own a part of the solution to build a product / solution in the guidance of a supervisor. • Solution Evaluation and Recommendation (Applicable for Technical Consulting engagements):  Arrive at possible solution alternatives that factor in gap resolution, impact on related functional / technical areas and acceptability of the solution to the user community, technical feasibility, and efficiency to assist in arriving at the final solution definition. • Diagnosis and Discovery:  Conduct workshops; understand the As-Is processes / Current System Study; identify high level process / system changes, to arrive at process documents, process gaps, fit gap analysis, and requirements / assessment documents that are agreeable to the customer. • Problem Definition (Applicable for Technical Consulting engagements):  Participate in client discussions to understand the problems faced by the customer and articulate the same to the internal stakeholders; define and document the problem and get customer agreement; bring in best practices in the industry; provide different options to assist in, identify, and define the problem. • Project Plan Review:  Participate in project plan review and provide inputs to ensure accuracy of the plan. • Risk Planning:  Review, identify, and prioritize technical risks to develop a risk mitigation plan. • Quality Planning:  Review and validate the target metrics of a project from technology perspective like tools usage, re-usable frameworks and feasibility to assist in achieving the quality target. • Scheduling:  Provide inputs / insight into complexity of architectural requirements; review work breakdown structure and resources - task / activity planning; set milestones and deliverables to ensure correctness and optimal scheduling of the project. • Resource Planning:  Provide and review inputs on various competencies important to forming of team for projects to ensure resource competency requirements for the project. • Estimation:  Review and validate estimates for project and guide estimation for complex projects to ensure correct sizing of the work. • Project Scoping: Organize, document, and review work items scope from a technical view point and approach to ensure completeness and consistency in scoping of project. • Contracting and Agreement:  Provide technical inputs for contracting and deal negotiations to write relevant sections like SLA, assumptions, dependencies, etc. in the contractual documents. • Alliance:  Interact with vendors/alliances and understand the complimentary offering / products / IP / Solutions to leverage partner technologies. • Proposals:  Provides domain technical consultation to Pre-Sales, participates in proposal activities and discussions with customer and client visits as SME; participates in POC; Architect and validate complex technical solution when required; perform estimations and collateral consolidation; bring in alliance product offering / IPs to provide technical leadership and create technical differentiation.       • Prospecting:  Identify opportunities in accounts or new technology area and provide necessary credentials to support Client Services team in prospecting. • Marketing & Branding:  Evangelize Infosys Tech Brand in specific area, (by anchoring Tech Day, White Papers, speaking in Forums etc.); build artifacts in new areas of competency (define or identify problems of interest in particular domain, and establish relevance as opportunity to build collateral and GTM solutions. • Business Planning:  Perform the competitive analysis of products and technologies under guidance to provide input on the service offering and input on suitable customers for pursuits.  Requirements:  • Bachelor’s degree • Applicants for employment in the U.S. must possess US Green Card or US citizenship. • 11+  years of overall experience . 2-3 hands on experience as a SingleView Architect  • This role requires flexibility to relocate within the United States  • BSS/OSS Experience with special emphasis on Billing Solution Architecture • Expertise on one or more Telco Industry Billing Packages. INTEC – Singl.eView experience will be key • Experience in all Telco Billing modules viz., pricing, rating, discounting, taxation, invoicing, bill presentation etc • Good communication skills, ability to travel. 
2079:bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	We are seeking a Production Supervisor with plastics experience for a client in Chicago, Illinois. In these roles, you will lead a production team in meeting and exceeding production goals, continuous process improvement initiatives, and safety initiatives.   *RESPONSIBILITIES*  * Identifying opportunities for continued process improvement and help facilitate appropriate change within the production facility. * Managing assigned hourly employees and continuously improving the manufacturing processes and related equipment. * Will be responsible for employee training not only for equipment efficiency and utilization but more importantly safety and quality.   *QUALIFICATIONS*  * Bachelor degree in engineering, industrial technology, business or related field of study required. * Experience supervising/managing a team of production employees. * 3-5 years of related Supervisor/Engineering work experience. * 2-3 years *plastics* experience is required; preferably *Blow-Molding/Extrusion Blow Molding.* * Experience driving continuous improvement efforts, *LEAN/Six Sigma/TPM.*  Contact: LeQuay Marsh Company: Marsh Talent Consulting www.example.com 
2086:supervising-job	*Job Description*  We are looking for an experienced E-Commerce Product Manager and Merchandiser to join our growing team. If you are someone who is passionate about e-commerce, merchandising and the customer experience, then we want to talk to you! The ideal candidate will need be e-commerce savvy, self-motivated and a problem solver.  *Position Responsibilities*  Product Management - Accurately create products using data from spreadsheets, electronic and print catalogs or other media into e-commerce backend  Product Attributes - Help gather, maintain and enter product attribute, descriptions and size charts Merchandising Analytics - deliver ongoing insights and solutions that optimize merchandising of the site, best practices for categorization, cross selling and upselling Product Offering - Review categories and work with buyers to make sure the right mix of product is being offered to the customer Searchandising - Study, prioritize, develop and manage website search results to increase conversions. Promotions - Manage site promotions (usually a few per week)  *Desired Skills & Experience*  Excellent written and verbal communication skills Experience with in e-commerce backends, preferably Demandware/Magento or better Ability to learn new software quickly Knowledge of building search engine landing pages Strong decision maker with problem solving skills Detail oriented and a self-starter Experience working w/design is a plus Must be personable, friendly and able to work efficiently under time constraints  *Company Description*  MMA Warehouse is an online-only mixed martial arts retailer focused on offering an end-to-end product selection for both MMA fans and athletes. The company's flagship website, MMAWarehouse.com (www.example.com), was founded in 2004 and has earned industry-leading customer service ratings and accolades. The website (on the Demandware platform) offers the latest products, detailed product descriptions and images, custom sizing charts, as well as customer reviews. MMA Warehouse is headquartered in Wheeling, IL. 
2091:supervising-job salary	Looking for a fun, fast-paced, and exciting working environment? Do you want a rewarding career working with great people, developing your own team, managing a well-loved national restaurant brand? Where else can your workday be filled with rollerskating carhops, loyal guests enjoying music and ice cream on your patio, and the fun retro vibe of a drive-in?  We are looking for fun, hardworking professionals to add to our management team. We prefer prior management experience, preferably in a restaurant environment. Candidates must be professional, have excellent leadership skills, be good problem solvers, have excellent communication skills, be highly motivated and organized. Candidates must have prior management experience and experience running shifts and managing people without supervision.  Candidates must also be able to work irregular hours including nights, weekends, and holidays, and must be able to work 50+ hours per week. Continuous standing, bending, stooping, lifting, stretching, and frequent over-head lifting will be required when staging, preparing, or packaging menu items and/or cleaning. Frequent exposure to heat and hot liquid shortening while cooking. Frequent exposure to freezer when stocking food items. Occasional exposure to extreme temperatures based on variable weather conditions.  General Managers receive salary plus bonus based on performance making total wages of 50k+ very achievable for many managers.  Our franchise group has been in business over 30 years, with some of our team having been with us nearly the entire time. Given our experience, we are able to provide you excellent training to help you adapt to our culture and give you the best opportunity at success!  If you think you have what it takes to be a part of our Sonic family, please fill out an application and take our assessment at www.example.com  \\*JS Management is an equal opportunity employer. \\* This advertisement is not an exhaustive list of all requirements for this position. Additional job duties and a job description will be provided if you are selected for an interview.
2093:salary full-time-job bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	*Recruiting Manager – Multifamily*  Monarch Investment & Management Group (Monarch) is seeking an experienced Recruiting Manager to assist in hiring for positions across the companies platform of multifamily properties located across the Midwest.  The Recruiting Manager will be responsible for creating job descriptions, identifying resources for sourcing candidates, assist with prospect identification, interviewing and hiring. This position will be assisting Asset Managers, Regional Managers, Property Managers and Senior Management in hiring for a wide range of positions (maintenance personnel, leasing agents, property managers, management and senior management).   *Duties* *  Work in the field to understand each position, each property and the specific needs of each *  Ensure effective strategies for filling job vacancies in a timely and cost efficient manner.  *  Ensure a high level of communication between corporate team members and hiring managers in the field that occurs in a proper, consistent and proactive manner.  *  Expand Internet and Digital Strategies to leverage our ability to meet goals and needs. *  Oversee resource allocation, timing and staffing for all recruiting efforts and projects *  Accountable for building and maintaining a system for retaining and attracting the best talent. *  Ensure the creation of job postings, job descriptions and job requirements that are current with organizational needs and compliant with all legal requirements *  Maintains knowledge of legal requirements and government reporting regulations affecting human resources functions and hiring functions. Ensure policies, procedures, and reporting are in compliance. *  Work with staff in the field to help them understand how to effectively recruit, interview, hire and retain employees *  Work with prospects and new hires to transition them smoothly onto the Monarch team. *  Perform special projects and other responsibilities as assigned. Participate in task forces and committees as requested.  *Requirements* *  BA or graduate degree *  Minimum of 5 years of Recruiting leadership experience in either a corporate of professional staffing services environment  *  Excellent active listening skills *  Work in a complex organization with multiple relationships *  Adapt to changing work assignments *  Extensive Supervisory experience *  Proficient in spreadsheets and word processing software *  Work on several projects simultaneously *  Good organizational skills *  Work with minimal supervision *  Excellent verbal and written communication skills *  Multifamily experience preferred *  Understand and commit to the mission of Monarch *  30% to 40% Travel Required  *Compensation* Monarch offers a competitive benefits package and salary for this position   *About Monarch*  Monarch Investment & Management Group specializes in the acquisition and management of investment grade income producing properties, primarily multi-family apartment communities. Monarch manages over 10,300 apartment units in twelve states. Our goal is to provide an array of real estate services which will ultimately benefit both our investors and our residents. Our plan is to combine the knowledge and strengths of our employees with local market expertise to achieve maximum benefit for our residents and our investors.   Providing innovative services and solutions to the multi-family sector is the core of our foundation. Monarch manages all its income producing properties with the principal focus of its efforts on maintaining high occupancy and collections along with keeping expenses at or below budgeted amounts. Monarch prides itself on its ability to react in a timely and efficient manner to changes in the real estate marketplace.  *To Apply* To apply for this position please send a Resume, Cover Letter, References (if available) and Salary History.     
2102:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	MassMedia Corporate Communications is looking for a Public Relations Account Manager for its office in Las Vegas. This person will play a key strategic, leadership and management role on accounts while driving expansion for the company. The ideal candidate will have broad public relations agency experience with particular expertise in corporate, healthcare and social marketing initiatives. Previous experience managing multiple programs and junior staff is a must. We are looking for someone who is motivated and has high energy as we work in a fast-paced environment.   Job Requirements:   Candidate must have a minimum of 5 years of public relations agency experience and at least 2 years at a senior level managing subordinate staff  Successful track record with developing integrated public relations and co-branding programs and executing on budget  Smart, aggressive, creative, innovative risk taker with strong writing and media relations skills   Positive attitude and willingness to learn  Qualified candidates should email their resume and salary requirements. Excellent compensation, benefits and work environment for the right person.   
2110:full-time-job supervising-job	Hyperion Essbase Planning  Strong Tower Solutions – Philadelphia, PA    Senior Technical Planning / Essbase Consultant.   Skills:   Hyperion Planning Admin and implementation Hyperion Essbase  ETL Smartview Financial Reportin MS -SQL Oracle DTS SSIS EPMA ODI DRM   Driven to solve client problems SKU Detail Analysis Scheduling QA Testing Analysis Project Management   Travel: 50-100% US domestic, and International Travel Projects are 6mos to 12 mos Only open to US Citizens Please send resume and references in Microsft Word  There are multiple opportunities available for Hyperion Projects in the US and Int'l Some Full Time postions Analytical Professionals  Ability to work with Planning, Budget and Project Manager Professionals to solve the needs of their business and departments. Business Development Exp. 
2114:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	*Expat contract & relocation support for Haitian Nationals*  This position is located in *Port-au-Prince, Haiti.*  With a major focus on continuous growth, our client recognizes the need to excel in customer service, ensuring that they meet and exceed the expectations of their external and internal customers.  To achieve that goal, the role of the *Customer Services Manager* is of paramount importance.   This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced Customer Services Manager to join a world class organization and through internal coordination with the Supply Chain, Sales and Logistics teams, and externally with customers and transport suppliers, to get the customers served on time in an efficient manner.    *Managing a team of 6,* this individual will be responsible for developing and executing new processes and procedures to raise the level of customer service and help continue to grow the business.   The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 5+ years’ relevant customer service experience and be a hands-on, results-oriented Manager with proven success in motivating people and developing strong teams.   You must be *fluent in English, Creole (speaking) and French.*  You will be responsible for:  * Manage and facilitate communication with customers, and between customer service and key accounts. Organizes meetings with other managers to discuss potential improvements regarding customer service. * Create, evaluate and optimize Customer Services plans. Monitor/ensure the execution and progress of the customer services planning, selling trucks, own depots, and external distributors, in close cooperation with the logistics department. Suggest and implement improvements where needed.  * Monitor the order processing flow in a timely and accurate manner from the reception of orders through invoicing. Collect customer orders, and make sure they are processed on time. * Optimize supporting systems and tools (ordering and billing), and coordinate the accurate usage of these systems. * Manage and follow up customer complaints, monitoring and evaluation of the resolution process with involvement of relevant stakeholders. * Create and evaluate statistics, and other data, in order to determine the level of customer service the organization is providing. * Provide clear and accurate information on customer performance * Manage the export process, from order to cash. * Coordinate with clients and distributors/importers. * Organize, motivate, and encourage teamwork within his department to ensure efficiency and the achievement of targets. * Define clear roles and responsibilities for his team members. * Define clear KPI’s to evaluate performance of his team.  You must be able to demonstrate the following competencies:  * Proven track record in monitoring the order processing flow in a timely and accurate manner from the reception of orders through invoicing.  * Strong leader and manager with proven success in building teams.   * Experience in creating and evaluating statistics and other data in order to determine the level of customer service. * Excellent communicator with strong presence and interpersonal skills.  * Hands on problem-solving and capability to generate ideas and solutions. * Excellent organizational and time management skills. Capacity to cope with competing demands and to prioritize tasks. * Capable of working independently, and having responsibility as an individual as well as a Leader * University diploma- preferably, Engineering or Business Administration.
2115:supervising-job	Looking for an experienced Executive Chef that would like to be on the ground floor of a concept restaurant in DeLand Florida.  This individual would have to work with a food knowledgeable owner who has definite opinions as to how a restaurant should be run and the quality of food that needs to be served.  Menu would be created to serve the strength of the chef.      Owner is willing to offer equity ownership in the restaurant to the right person.   The idea of this restaurant is to offer quality food and service and to make money for its owners.     Please e-mail me your resume and salary requirements.
2116:supervising-job associate-needed	EPE USA, a rapidly growing global leader in packaging design and manufacturing, is seeking a General Manager. This position is based near Atlanta and will be responsible for all business in our Southeast Division.   Reporting directly to the President, the General Manager responsibilities include: • P&L ownership of assigned region • Operations management • Setting annual goals, targets, business plans for region • Creating new sales and revenue growth in region  OTHER REQUIREMENTS: • Ability to lead multiple manufacturing locations • Strong written and verbal communication skills • Ability to interact well with customers • Ability to manage and negotiate with suppliers  • Ability to work with other EPE USA GMs • Ability to manage and develop staff • Ability to travel up to 25% within assigned region  EXPERIENCE/EDUCATION: • Previous experience in packaging, business and sales • College degree preferred
2126:full-time-job licence-needed supervising-job	*WESTFIELDS HOSPITAL*    Come join our team at Westfields Hospital, a 25-bed critical access hospital in New Richmond, Wisconsin, a HealthPartners Family of Care facility. As a full-service hospital we offer emergency services, specialty clinics, and maternity services, as well as medical and surgical inpatient and outpatient care. We're located just 30 minutes east of the Twin Cities in the beautiful St. Croix Valley Region.    *1.0 FTE  *Hours: Exempt - at least 40 hours a week  *Main responsibilities:  • Supervises the staff (RN, CNA, HUC, SW) on the medical surgical nursing areas, including the Special Care Unit (SCU).    • Responsible for the direction of patient care in the assigned areas for both adult and pediatric patients.   • Manages staff, including hiring, evaluating, coaching, disciplining, terminating.  • Oversees the overall functioning of the med surg nursing areas.  • Works collaboratively with the physician, charge nurse and other disciplines to promote quality, safe patient care.  • Assesses the physical plant of the nursing areas to ensure a safe environment.  • Ensures adequate resources are available for provision of quality patient care, including staff, equipment, facilities and supplies.  • Reviews patient medical records for appropriate documentation per standards.  • Supports the quality and regulatory goals of the department and hospital.  • Consults other departments to provide for an interdisciplinary approach to the patient’s care. (i.e. dietary, social services, physical medicine, respiratory therapy, quality/utilization management, facilities, financial, HIM.).  • Prepares department budget with finance and works to stay within parameters.  • Helps to ensure appropriate charges are applied to patient accounts.  • Provides emotional and clinical support to staff, patients and their families.   • Assigns and oversees orientation of new employees to the department.  • Ensures staff meet all licensure and educational requirements    Qualifications include:     Current Wisconsin RN, BLS, ACLS, TNCC, PALS and CPR certification.   Competent in basic computer skills.   Hospital nursing experience as an RN.   Nursing management experience and BS or BA in Nursing strongly preferred    Please apply online at www.example.com
2132:salary bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	*About the Team:* As a global shared service partnership to all business units, the Information Technology organization provides the world’s largest supplier of fresh conventional and organic Berries with technical solutions and support.  With operations established in over 18 countries and 5 continents our dynamic infrastructure of technology and integrated systems are crucial in ensuring the year round timely delivery of perishable berries to market.  In the last 20 years we have experienced significant operational and market growth doubling in size every five years.  Our unique company culture fosters innovation, excellence and collaboration as we continue to expand in other parts of the world.    *About the Job:*  The Senior IT Project Manager assumes responsibility for leading and managing IT-related projects and programs across the organization. This role will be part of the Driscoll’s Program Management Office (PMO) that supports the global enterprise in the planning & execution of the project portfolio. The Sr. IT Project Manager is accountable and responsible for developing & executing project plans for multiple, simultaneous mid to large scale projects during all phases of the project lifecycle and partnering with IT teams, Driscoll’s business units and vendors/partners to provide excellent service and deliver quality projects on-time and within budget.  JOB QUALIFICATIONS:  • Require a minimum of 10 years progressive experience in a project/program management role, preferably in a PMO environment, with a proven track record of delivering complex, larger scale, global technology projects on time and within budget • Bachelor’s Degree in business, computer science or comparable field of study required • PMP Certification required • Experience implementing multi-regional ERP systems (MS Dynamics AX strongly preferred) with an emphasis on Finance, Order to Cash, Supply Chain and BI Business functions • Experience managing remote and geographically distributed project teams • Strong analytical and problem solving skills with the ability to deal with ambiguity and lead through change • Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (both written and verbal) • Demonstrated ability to lead cross-functional teams to achieve project objectives and work collaboratively and cohesively in a team environment • Ability to elicit cooperation from a wide variety of sources, including upper management, vendors, and other departments • Ability to influence through a global, multi-site matrix organization is essential • Extensive experience planning and managing projects within various SDLC methodologies i.e. Agile and Waterfall • Extensive experience managing project budgets and managing and controlling project-related costs including budget variances. Knowledge of Earned Value Management a plus • Experience in organizational change management and continuous process improvement • Vendor Relationship Management experience, including the creation and execution of Requests for Proposal (RFP) and Statement of Work (SOW) agreements • Extensive experience working with MS Project Professional and MS Enterprise Project Server (2010 preferred) • Must be able to maintain a valid California Driver’s License with the ability to be insured under company-sponsored liability insurance plan • A valid passport and the ability to travel internationally without restrictions is also required • Domestic and international travel 15-20% of work time   RESPONSIBLITITES:  1) Responsible for delivering projects and programs that adhere to defined PMO processes and industry standard best practices. 2) Develop and manage project management plans, schedules and budgets and provide consistent and comprehensive project updates, ongoing cost analysis, risk and issue management and resolution. 3) Effectively direct, manage and control all project activities and deliverables, through all phases of the project lifecycle ensuring a successful delivery that is on time and within budget on all assigned projects. 4) Escalate functional, quality and timeline issues appropriately to ensure successful achievement of project goals and objectives. 5) Develop and maintain productive working relationships with external vendors, business partners and internal IT teams. 6) Coach and mentor project team members and PMO Project Managers and partner across the organization to share lessons learned and best practices. 7) Manage, monitor and track project-related costs, including budget variances. 8) Keep project owners and sponsors well informed of progress, challenges, risks and issues. Analyze and present updates regarding project performance, risks, issues, mitigation plans and change requests. 9) Ensure timely and accurate communication with management and project team members throughout the life cycle of the project. 10) Prepare and/or present documentation to PMO and business stakeholders. 11) Ensure the security of Driscoll’s confidential and proprietary information and materials 12) Follow Company policies and practices while representing Driscoll’s in an ethical and business-like manner in all interactions. 13) Other duties as assigned. 14) This job description is intended to describe the general nature of the work performed by employees in this job. It is not an exhaustive list of all the job's responsibilities. At Driscoll’s, all of our jobs include broad responsibilities for continually improving the processes we use to develop our products.  *The Benefits*  Relocation Services  Compensation: $ Competitive compensation package with base salary + bonus.  Healthcare Competitive health, dental, vision and prescription drug coverage Driscoll’s pays a significant amount of the premium costs  Retirement: 401(k) plan with matching contributions  Insurance: Life insurance with the option to purchase child and spouse coverage & more.  Education: -Tuition reimbursement  Community: Matching charitable gifts program Dollars for Doers” program School support Product donations  At Driscoll’s, we’re committed to Growing Great People. This means that we help our employees learn about and support our overall business strategies. We also provide opportunities for individuals to grow their skills in a fast-growing and always changing work environment. Most importantly, Driscoll’s encourages our employees to achieve their career growth and cultivate their personal well-being: Leadership Institute Driscoll's University Spanish Tutoring & More  *Christie Bower, Recruiter at Driscolls* Driscolls Talent Acquisition www.example.com www.example.com  NO Phone calls or Outside Agencies please. 
2140:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	General Insulation Company is a national wholesale distributor of commercial and industrial insulation products, HVAC supplies, 3M firestopping products, and associated construction supplies. We have built our business on providing the highest quality products with superior service. We are a family owned and professionally managed company that has been in business for over eighty years. With 40 branch locations across the United States and in Canada we have grown our company because of our dedicated people and a commitment to excellence.   General Insulation has continued to grow during these challenging times because of our commitment to our customers, vendors, employees, and because we have the ability to change as the market evolves. Our core values of intelligence, integrity, and intensity help us remain focused and provide an exciting and motivating workplace that offers our employees good benefits and an open door policy. We are looking for an individual to join our team that values these qualities and want to grow with us ‘THE DISTRIBUTOR OF CHOICE’.  Please visit our website www.example.com to learn more about our dynamic company.  *Position Summary:* Executes strategies for short and long-term branch and company goals/objectives set by General Insulation’s Hyattsville, MD location.  Provides technical support and customer service to branch operations and ensures that the highest quality of customer service is provided at all times.  The individual responds promptly to customer needs, solicits customer feedback to improve service, responds to requests for service and assistance and meets commitments.  Light warehouse responsibilities are also expected of this individual.     *Essential Job Functions:*  * Handles incoming customer calls or customer walk-ins by answering questions and following up with product recommendations and price quotes utilizing great customer service techniques.   * Receives and processes orders in E-Term. * Provides support to outside sales team by maintaining product literature/samples, communicating customer activity and providing leads. * Ensures pricing and packing slip matches when receiving or shipping material; makes deliveries when necessary.   * Determines appropriate billing situations: COD/Cash/CC/Invoice. * Responsible for daily credit card processing needs and EOM report for credit card sales. * Reconciles customer or vendor material returns. * Provides consistent communication with warehouse personnel to ensure customer needs are taken care of. * Must be comfortable with change, possess an entrepreneurial spirit and have the ability to think outside the box.  * Works in warehouse loading/unloading trucks, pulling orders, cleaning/organizing, and deals with UPS. * Ensures bid follow ups. * Helps customers resolve issues with orders. * Collects mail, faxes, and Federal Express and distributes. * Assists in administrative office duties as required.  *Minimum Qualifications:*  * High school diploma * 2 years of inside sales experience * Proficiency in the use of a personal computer and Microsoft Office Suite to generate memos, reports, and general office correspondence. * Must have good customer service skills and be flexible and adaptable. * Must possess good communication skills with peers, direct reports and at all levels of the company. * Must be at least 18 years of age * Must have a valid driver's license * Occasional travel required
2142:associate-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Valbin's Mission Readiness Support Services (MRS) department is seeking proven DOMEX professionals for an exciting opportunity anticipated in Spring/Summer 2014. If you are interested in working with our company in the following DOMEX-related position categories please send us an e-mail with a resume, cover letter specifying the position category you are applying for, and up to three references of your relevant past performance. Please ensure your email subject line contains “DOMEX Opportunity” and your resume highlights current/prior experience with DOMEX, the Government, or Intelligence/Law Enforcement /DoD DOMEX activities.   Position Summary: This is a contingency hire position with anticipated availability in Spring/Summer 2014 and supports DOMEX staff logistical and deployment activities in the Northern VA or Southern MD area.   Functions: • Directs or coordinates logistics activities and functions supporting Agency expeditionary operations and missions.  • Supports operational planning, deployment readiness and communication of status for Agency or COCOM support activities. Identifies emerging or anticipated issues impacting customer support and mission success.  • Manages transshipment and accountability of deployed/deployable equipment and supplies • Prepares materiel for transshipment, coordinates with military units and defense elements on logistics and life support matters • Coordinates with defense and national travel offices to identify pre-travel requirements; prepares and submits travel requests in accordance with policy, regulations and DoD Travel system to deploy personnel for official travel  Requirements: • AA/AS in Business, Administration or Logistics; BA/BS or military staff school (CAS3/Basic/Advanced Course) preferred. • 5-10 years experience with DoD, Military Service logistics and deployment readiness required. DIA, NGA or NSA logistics and deployment experience preferred. • 3-5 years experience with Joint Travel Regulation (JTR) requirements. • Active DoD Top Secret SCI Security Clearance with Polygraph; Active DIA TS/SCI preferred. • Excellent written and oral communication skills; professionally solid interpersonal, management and organizational skills. • Strong research, analytical, and editing skills; detail oriented staff officer and planning skills.  • Ability to multi-task and work under pressure in a fast paced, deadline driven environment. • Foreign Language skills are a plus.  • Expert proficiency with MS Office Word, PowerPoint, Outlook and Excel required; experience with MS Access preferred. • Experience with SIPRNet, JWICS and DoD NIPRNet and associated IT applications • Experience with and knowledge of the DIA, NMEC, NGIC and TACDOMEX activities. Previous or current CONUS/OCONUS assignments at the NMEC, CMPC-Q, JDEC-I/JDEC-A or deployed TACDOMEX.
2147:salary supervising-job full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	TRIPPS RESTAURANTS - *MUST HAVE CURRENT OR RECENT FULL SERVICE RESTAURANT MANAGEMENT EXPERIENCE*    A career in restaurant management with Tripps can be very fulfilling and rewarding. We are a full service, multi-concept restaurant company looking for great Restaurant Managers that are passionate about the restaurant business.  Our Restaurant Managers are trained in both the back (Culinary Operations) and front of the house (Hospitality Operations).  Once the training has been completed, the new Restaurant Manager will take the responsibility for a department as the Assistant Kitchen Manager, Bar/Host Manager or Service Manager.  Eventually, as you grow as a leader, promotions to Kitchen Manager and Managing Partners are available. Promotions are based on your performance and your leadership. This is a career position with the opportunity to advance within a very successful and financially stable company.  *   Minimum of 3 years salaried, Full Service restaurant management experience running a from-scratch kitchen *   We are seeking career minded individuals who have a stable work history. *   We conduct a pre-employment background check and credit check. *   Valid driver's license and reliable transportation are required. *   Able to work 55 hours a week. *   We are growing in North Carolina and Virginia, so relocatability is a plus and relocation benefits are available.  We offer: Our comprehensive benefits package includes:   *    Competitive Pay *    Structured Training Program *    Major Medical/Dental Insurance *    Short and Long-term Disability/Life Insurance *    Pre-tax Flexible Spending Accounts *    Paid Vacation *    Green Card Dining Privileges *    Bonus Program  Our goal is to create the premier casual dining restaurant company in the southeast by consistently exceeding the expectations of our employees and guests.  To accomplish this we must start with the right people and teach them to execute to our uncompromising standards.  Only by creating a stable environment where we focus on training and developing each member of our team can we accomplish our goal.  Since 1981 Tripps has built its reputation on unwavering principles and a commitment to absolute guest satisfaction. Our commitment starts with food quality. Our kitchens are 95% scratch. We serve 100% Certified Angus Beef™, slow roasted Prime Rib, Danish Baby Back Ribs, signature pastas, fresh seafood selections, garden fresh salads and entrée salads, crab cakes, calamari like no other and much more! Enjoy a glass or bottle of wine while you are served a fantastic meal.
2179:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Medicus Healthcare Solutions is a leader in innovative healthcare staffing and related services, including locum tenens and team-based staffing, transition management services, and service line consulting. Our corporate headquarters is in Windham, NH, just 45 minutes north of Boston. We have a culture of openness and teamwork and a tradition of high performance and growth. We greatly value our employees as colleagues and business partners.  We have experienced impressive growth and are seeking a high-energy, hardworking professional to manage our Corporate Recruiting team. The Manager of Corporate Recruiting is responsible for driving all aspects of the recruiting process, which includes partnering with Hiring Managers and Senior Leadership in workforce planning. This position will report to the COO and will be responsible for managing the Corporate Recruiter and Sourcer in addition to recruiting individuals across various departments within our East Coast and West Coast locations.  Responsibilities:   • Prioritization of all Corporate Recruiting functions and programs • Manages the Corporate Recruiting process partnering with the HR department • Liaison to the HR Manager for internal and external candidate applicants • Partner with Hiring Managers to create and review job requisitions, defining and validating key position requirements (i.e. education, experience, technical competencies, travel.) in order to create an effective workforce plan • Work with marketing to develop appropriate corporate and role-specific PR • Develop and maintain a pipeline of qualified candidates for future consideration • Develop and provide weekly and monthly recruiting reports  • Monitor/audit job requisition and candidate files and track applicant flow • Actively participate and contribute to process improvement strategies, projects and initiatives within Human Resources and Corporate Development • Development of recruiting channels and partnerships with appropriate 3rd parties (universities, job fairs, etc.) • Selection, management and/or development of recruiting tools and methodology    Requirements:   • Bachelor’s Degree required with 7-10 years of proven management and recruitment experience • Social Networking knowledge and proven track record of using different mediums to build candidate database and pipeline • Demonstrated success in recruiting for a Sales organization highly desired • Well organized, detail oriented and the capacity to multi-task in a fast paced work environment • Proven ability to self-motivate and work independently and as part of a team   Medicus is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity in its workforce and diversity of thought.
2180:full-time-job bs-degree-needed supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Luxury living Co in Downtown Miami is hiring a full-time assistant/office manager.  Summary Assists listing agents to ensure their efficiency by performing clerical tasks, managing files, answering client questions and generally serving as a liaison for all public inquiries. Handles areas dealing with the business including payroll, office management, etc.  Essential duties and responsibilities • Schedules listing appointments. • Prepares listing packages for listing agents. Distributes to agents on the appropriate day. • Qualifies listing appointments when requested by listing agent. • Researches information needed for listing appointments including pulling comps and looking up tax information. • Inputs new listings into the MLS computer system • Contacts all active listings weekly with market updates and feedback received from agents (if any). Instructs seller on how to improve property for showing. • Maintains a good relationship with all sellers and agents with whom she or he is in contact. • Returns all calls from agents, sellers, and others within 24 hours. • Updates all listing files in computerized lead follow up system. • Prepares for weekly meetings by pulling together the number of listings that went under contract. • Coordinates closing with agents, closing companies, clients and lenders (mortgage companies. • Reviews closing documents. • Assists in Negotiating of Real Estate Contracts. • Negotiates with agents and clients to resolve issues that arise during the under contract portion of the real estate transaction. • Maintains closing files in accordance with state laws and with regulations governing the real estate industry. • Able to do basic real estate math so as to compute discounts, commissions, proportions, percentages, etc. • Composes and types correspondence. • Reads and routes incoming e-mail. • Retrieves and routes incoming leads to appropriate sales team. • Does bookkeeping and accounting services. Handles commissions and commission returns. Pays vendors. Compiles and reviews financial statements. • Does payroll services. • Maintains office (e.g. orders supplies, maintains computer systems and other machines, handles decor). • Handles new projects as assigned.  Due to high volume of candidates, only those who meet all requirements will be contacted.  Requirements MUST be computer/web savvy and knowledge of relevant software (i.e.: Quickbooks, MLS) Proficiency in MS Office Effective communication skills - written and verbal Superior organization skills with the ability to prioritize time-sensitive tasks Real Estate Licensee required (active/inactive) At least 2 years of relevant experience BA/BS preferred Bi-lingual a plus  The position is paid on the 1st & 15th of the month. The pay rate is negotiable upon experience. Other benefits include monthly bonus, health insurance, 401K, and paid vacation.  If you are interested in the position, please reply with your resume and cover letter with salary requirements for immediate response.
2184:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	The Director of Attendee Sales is responsible for overseeing the day to day operations of the outbound delegate sales department as well as the training and development of the delegate sales team.    The Director of Attendee Sales will manage the existing processes and raise the bar of this high performing team by leading from the front with passion, expertise and overall presence.  Responsibilities • Achieve yearly revenue goals in accordance with strategy  • Work closely with the Marketing Director and other key managers throughout                    the year to fine tune actions needed to remain on course for revenue goals. • Meet and fulfill staffing requirements based on revenue needs.   • Hire, train and develop staff  • Train and develop team leaders  • Responsibility for all necessary department reports • To ensure that yearly revenue goals are met  Qualifications • 4-year college degree • 5 years  of experience managing and motivating an outbound sales team • Solid track record of managing teams to targets • Ability to thrive in a fast paced and high energy environment • Computer/Social Media literacy • A driven, commission hungry attitude • Strong communication skills  As the U.S. subsidiary of the world-renowned Institute for International Research (IIR), IIR USA is among the most recognized and trusted providers of trade conferences and expositions; seminars; training events; and specialized business information and networking experiences in America. Every IIR USA event and information service is based upon a custom research process managed by an in-house team of experts. We identify the leading authorities in every field, and then work with them to uncover emerging trends, critical interest areas and fresh opportunities. From our vibrant exhibition halls to the person in the seat next to yours, no other source can compete with the networking opportunities available at an IIR USA conference.      
2190:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Headquartered in Carlsbad, California, Razer collaborates with gamers to develop, manufacture and market cutting-edge gaming peripherals utilizing proprietary technologies that give gamers the competitive edge. For Gamers. By Gamers™. This is not an empty slogan. Gaming is a way of life at Razer.    We reinvented the computer gaming industry by bringing this competitive edge to gamers when professional computer gaming was in its infancy. Razer’s growing line of professional gaming products have given teams and gamers the winning edge in dominating some of the most distinguished and popular gaming events such as the World Cyber Games, Electronic Sports World Cup, KODE5, Dreamhack, Cyber Athlete Professional League (CPL), ESL and many more. We are currently seeking a Software Marketing Manager to join our team.  In this role we are looking for an experienced software program management professional for the Systems and Software Product Marketing Team to manage cross functional efforts across marketing, and the engineering teams. This role is guided by business plans and strategy.       Responsibilities  • Manage product roadmaps, product lifecycle and launches to ensure that we increase our leadership and market share position  • Assist product team by defining product features that meet user needs  • Develop and implement marketing plans, ensuring achievement of company and brand objectives  • Conduct and do competitive benchmarking and product comparison  • Co-work with internal stakeholders like Sales Team and Channel Marketing  • Develop and implement activities such as promotions and product launches  • Manage the marketing budget and approval processes  • Work with Sales Team to bring about increased sales to the market   Required Skills • Exceptional written and verbal communication skills • Executive-ready presentation skills • Challenge the status quo with facts and defend decisions with evidence • The ability to influence and work across organizational boundaries • Dealing with ambiguity. • Project management. • Organizational agility • Analytical skills • The need to drive for results and have fun  Qualifications: • Must be organized and able to prioritize and performance multiple task simultaneously • Must possess strong interpersonal and leadership skills • Must possess strong analytical and business skills • Must possess excellent communication skills, both written and oral • Minimum 3+ years of experience in product  marketing • Must be a Gamer  • Knowledge and experience in the computer gaming industry a strong bonus   Benefits: We value our employees’ time and efforts. Our commitment to your success is enhanced by our competitive compensation and extensive benefits package including medical, dental and vision benefits and future growth opportunities within the company. Plus, we work to maintain the best possible environment for our employees where people can learn and grow with the company. We strive to provide a collaborative, creative environment where each person feels encouraged to contribute to our processes, decisions, planning and culture.   To Apply: Please respond to this positing with the following information or visit our website and apply online: www.example.com  •  Resume  •  A detailed salary history and/or salary expectations  • Sample marketing plan • List of your top three personal gaming accomplishments  • A short paragraph explaining why you are interested in gaming   Applicants not including all of the requested information will not be considered.   Only short listed candidates will be contacted.
2193:2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Responsibilities: Total Operations Accountability for 50+ Associates in a 24/7 manufacturing operation which includes:  • Safety—Demonstrated excellence in achievement of key performance indicators in all accident and near miss categories. Influenced change through engineering, prevention or administratively. • Quality—Leads from an integrated, relentless mindset empowering Associates to behave with confidence.  • KPI’s—Exhibit strong business acumen with emphasis on efficiencies, scrap, waste gap, variances, etc….  • Talent Development—Possess strong coaching techniques with emphasis on Associate growth  • Corporate Citizenship—Understands responsibility of Company in relation to community and environment     Qualifications:  • Confident in their abilities and skills to motivate, self manage and make decisions as a business owner rather than an employee. • Bachelor’s Degree in Industrial Technology, Food Science, Operations Mgt., or related academic discipline.  • Minimum of 3 years of Direct Production Leadership experience; food manufacturing is a plus  • Experience in Managing in a High Employee Involvement Environment  • Solid Communication and Leadership skill emphasis in attainment of “World Class” Key Performance Indicators in areas of Safety, Quality, and Operations  • Embrace and Drive Change  • Ability to lead by example • Demonstrated understanding of base business costing (i.e. $/unit, scrap, material usage, variance reporting, budgets, etc.)  • Proven skills in Quality Assurance in clean manufacturing environment  • Experienced with OJT training programs, design, development, and delivery  • Excellent written and verbal communication skills.  
2199:supervising-job salary	Required background that applicants must possess:  • A passion for people and sales  • High level of Enthusiasm   • Demonstrated ability to balance coaching/mentoring with disciplining  • Strong organizational / planning and computer skills   • Retail management/sales experience  • Experience in selling memberships  • Experience with a booking system is a plus     Daily spa manager duties:  • Oversee and manage the daily operations of a busy spa  • 70% of time spent working face to face with clients   • Ability to promote the health and wellness benefits of both massage therapy and facials  • Handle administrative tasks including but not limited to payroll, scheduling, inventory, and reporting   • Ability to work flexible schedule including days/evenings/weekends/holidays  • Knowledge and understanding of all spa services and product line     Benefits We Offer:  • Salary plus commissions and bonuses  • Professional and safe work environment  • Employee discounts  • Employee rewards program/employee referral bonus  • Contests
2203:bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Responsibilities:  •Responsible for all facets of the recruitment process by developing traditional recruiting plans as well as developing new recruiting ideas to meet the needs of WNS Global Services, Inc.    •Responsible for screening potential employees: Sourcing, interviewing, and recruitment of job applicants to fill positions.  •Responsible for coordinating the applicant process: scheduling interviews, performing reference/background checks and making offers to candidates. •Develop recruitment pipelines with colleges and universities as well as network through industry contacts, association memberships, trade groups, and employees. •Coordinate college recruiting initiatives and attend career fairs for recruiting and company recognition.  •Responsible for managing the recruiting metrics– Hiring source, Time to fill, cost per hire, etc.  •Responsible for scheduling and logistics of all interviews between candidates and hiring managers.  Qualifications: •Bachelor’s Degree in Human Resources or Business Administration   •Minimum of 2 years recruiting experience •Previous experience in one or more of the following areas: Customer Service/Call Center, Finance & Accounting, Mortgage, Insurance, Healthcare or Travel. •Excellent written and verbal communication skills •Detail oriented •Easily adapt to a changing environment •Self-starter, strong sense of urgency, and results-oriented 
2205:licence-needed supervising-job 1-year-experience-needed	*Wellness Director (RN)*  Holiday Retirement owns and operates over 300 senior independent retirement communities, representing 37,000 apartment homes, and employing over 11,000 people in the United States and Canada. The company’s unparalleled growth over the past four decades can be attributed to one single, overriding focus: its residents.  A collegial and fun culture, opportunity for professional growth, and generous benefits package separates Holiday from its competitors, making it a quality place to work.  Read further to see how you can be a part of an exciting job opportunity at this dynamic and exciting company!  Description: The Wellness Director (Registered Nurse) is to promote the health and well-being of each resident by providing accurate nursing assessments, giving appropriate input to the development of care plans, and educating all health services staff on the appropriate and proper care of each resident.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities: - Assess the health condition and health care needs of the resident in conjunction with the Executive Director prior to and upon move into the community. - Establish the appropriate level of care for the resident. - Serve as a liaison between community, applicant's family and appropriate medical personnel. (Assist community to problem solve when a change in the residents’ health status occurs. Coordinate with other community health care professionals, such as the home health agency, to acquire use of their expertise when necessary.) - Actively participate in the development of the resident Service Plan. (Participate in Service Plan conferences, as needed. Update Service Plans when needed, assuring that residents are being accommodated at their appropriate level of care. Advise the Executive Director when resident can no longer be cared for at the community.) - Monitor status of residents’ health conditions and initiate actions in response to changing needs (read Communication Log and Alert Status daily). - Establish a medication administration program. (Appropriate medication documentation and administration system for each resident. Monitor all medications and prescriptions. Update medication system as needed.) - Daily review all medication orders and follow up on any prior authorizations documenting in the resident's Progress Notes. - Conduct periodic re-assessments of resident's health needs. - Teach staff/ residents/ others tasks that may be delegated and/ or assigned. - Delegate and/or assign routine (non) complex nursing tasks as allowed by state regulations. - Supervise staff/ residents/ others who have been delegated and/or assigned nursing tasks. - Perform selected nursing tasks that reflect an unusual or unique condition in a resident or that cannot be delegated (IM injections). - Hire, direct and evaluate performance of support personnel in conjunction with the Resident Care Coordinator and Program Manager.  - Assure TB tests are completed on time. - Responsible for participation in training/orientation of new health services employees. - Review all medication orders daily and follow up prescriptions that have not yet been authorized in resident's Progress Notes. - Attend  daily  standup  meetings  reporting  any  resident  issues  as  documented  in  the Communication Log. - Assure all orders are transcribed correctly and have specific parameters and diagnosis. - Performs 4-way Audits on all new residents that come from the nursing home or hospital, and residents that have had multiple medication changes. - Counsel  employees  in   conjunction  with  the  Executive  Director   and  Resident  Care Coordinator and Program Manager - report to Executive Director any problems with staff, exercise disciplinary action by oral and written communications, and file all oral and written communications in Personnel File. - Evaluate employees in conjunction with the Resident Care Coordinator and Program Manager with Employee Performance Evaluations for line staff and submit to Executive Director for approval prior to presentation. - Develop appropriate Service Plan and evaluate changes in care needs. - Determine if resident is appropriate for admission and remains within our level of care. - Attend to all resident needs as they arise. - Monitor care of resident to include, but not limited to, ADL's medication side effects, activities, meals, complaint problems, special requests, suspected abuse, injuries, etc. - Notify the Regional Nurse Consultant when resident has a change in behavior exhibited by aggression, combativeness in dementia and/or falls. - Perform scheduled Quality Assurance Audits in conjunction with Resident Care Coordinator and Program Manager. - Responsible to conduct community tours for prospective residents and family members as needed. - Conduct weekly community outreach visits. - Recommend marketing strategies to support the marketing efforts of the community. - On call duties on a rotating basis on the weekends and routinely on the weekdays. While on call, responsible to triage emergency care needs, assure staffing needs are met, and respond to other miscellaneous problems that may arise.  Job Qualifications and Requirements: - Current RN certification (licensure) in the state with at least one year of experience. - Speak, read, and write English. - Desire to work with older adults. - Skill in recognizing physical, mental and emotional needs of residents. - Ability to work closely with professional and non-professional staff members. - Effective oral and written communication skills. - Knowledge of federal, state and local regulations. - Able to maintain patience, poise, and dignity in an emergency or crisis. - Able to keep confidentiality. - Good judgment and ability to make independent decisions. - Emotional stability, tact and understanding of residents’ physical, psychological, social and emotional needs. - Able to prioritize multiple tasks. - Supervisory skills. - Take and give instructions well. - Regular, predictable and dependable attendance.  Benefits: - Health, dental and vision coverage - Optional life insurance - Optional disability insurance - 401(k) - Paid holidays - Paid vacation - Sick days - Travel program (stay in almost any of our communities for free)  Take advantage of this exciting career opportunity!   We are an equal opportunity employer. EOE M/F/D/V
2207:supervising-job	Our clients expect a superior experience when visiting our medical spa - the spa manager will be responsible for that experience and constantly improving it. By exceeding our clients expectations, we create a loyal following who continues to come back and visit our spa. In addition to improving the customer experience, the spa manager will also be responsible for the spa's sales which entails motitvating employees, creating partnerships in the community, and planning events. The spa manager will be positioned at the front desk, so reception duties will also be part of the job description. Specifics are as follows:  Specific Responsibilities include: * Work with owner on weekly review meetings (sales, product training)  * Establish partnerships within the community to drive sales * Participate in the Sales/Marketing Committee * Train employees on new products; promote products to new customers * Prepare daily exception report * Ensure proper staffing * Answer phones * Monthly Inventory Counts * Check out clients * Order new supplies * Ensure follow-ups are done  Experience working in a medical spa or other beauty-related fields is extremely important. Prior management experience would also be looked at favorably.  Keywords: Beauty, Cosmetics, Laser Hair Removal, Botox, Dysport, Facial, Chemical Peel, Waxing, Juvederm, Restylane, Perlane, Radiesse, Photofacial
2221:hourly-wage supervising-job associate-needed	Optimum Therapy Services is an outpatient physical and occupational therapy clinic in Burbank IL. We are looking for marketing person who can increase the referral source from local physician's office and who can manage day to day operation of the clinic as well. This is ideal position for someone who has contact with local physician's office and has knowledge in healthcare field.  Responsibilities: * Increase the referral from local physician office/medical center though good rapport building. * Community outreach through direct/indirect advertisement. * Answer phones, check/respond to emails, copying and faxing. * Making sure we provide excellent customer service.  * Insurance verification and getting the authorization for therapy. * Keeping track of billing service which has been out sourced. * Keeping track of income and expense. * Scheduling the patients. * Keeping the clinic clean and tidy.  Requirements:  • Minimum associate degree in sales/marketing. • Should have managerial experience. • Experience in healthcare field is plus. • Excellent communication skills. • Good computer skills.  Compensation: $16.00 to 18.00/ hr.   Position type: Full time or part time
2233:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	O'Neil Digital Solutions is currently recruiting for a Maintenance/Facilities Manager. This is a full-time position at our Plano location.  *Company Description:* O'Neil is an industry leader in data-driven publishing and delivery solutions. Our state of the art technology puts us at the forefront of multi-channel document delivery and marketing communications. Our Plano facility offers the very latest in digital and print technology, including the entire suite of HP Inkjet web presses.  *Job Description:* In this role, you will provide direction and oversight for all facilities related projects, space planning, project management and day to day operations of the Plano Facility.  Responsibilities include the following: * Manage and supervise the maintenance team * Arrange for the repair and maintenance of equipment and structures as necessary. * Work with the Director of Plant Operations, Operations Manager and Human Resources to develop a facilities strategy & tactical plan to ensure that we provide a safe, healthy & productive work environment. * Ensure that our offices maintain an image and environment that is reflective of the O'Neil Digital Solutions culture and values. * Implement tactical plan and ensure that all projects come in on time and within budget. * In coordination with HR, implement all facility-related policies and revise and/or develop policies in accordance with the needs of the business. *Requirements:* * Experience managing various facility management items (plumbing, HVAC, electrical, painting, janitorial services, etc.). * Experience in facility related cost negotiations, program development, and program execution. * A detail-oriented, self-motivator, with hands-on experience who seeks to excel in their career and maintains the ability to take direction and work with limited supervision. * Experience in compliance management and metric development. * Ability to identify company needs and articulate into effective operational programs. * Strong analytical skills with ability to influence company behavior with data. * Ability to communicate and present requirements and updates to all levels of management. * Excellent verbal and written communication skills. * Familiarity with reading and understanding service and lease contracts. * Must possess strong customer service skills with ability to provide Level I support to the field. *We are proud to offer:* * Excellent and competitive benefits package including: Medical, dental, life insurance * 401(k) * Generous vacation accrual * Profit sharing benefits
2234:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Currently, looking to fill an OTS Safety Trainer position that includes overnight travel 50% of time.  MUST have 3+ years direct experience in obtaining protection for self and others in railroad work groups. (FRA 214.b/c)  Must be a self starter, computer literate, ability to work independently with little supervision, enjoy teaching and willing to travel.  If you do not have a railroad background your resume will not be considered.
2248:2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Global Efficient Energy was established in August 2011 and is the leader in sustainable home energy solutions. Our goal is simple: to save homeowners money on their energy bills by equipping them with cutting edge green energy technology. We specialize in providing products and services that help our customers save money and enjoy greater indoor comfort while doing their part to preserve the environment. Our energy auditors are available for everything from LED lighting installation to air duct cleaning, and we guarantee your complete and total satisfaction in all that we do.   *Overview:*  The Human Resources Specialist supports the oversight and operation of the day-to-day responsibilities of the Human Resources Department. The HR Specialist is responsible for assisting with the implementation and ongoing support of department services, policies, and programs. Most importantly, the HR Specialist carries out responsibilities in the following functional areas: departmental development, employee relations, training and development, benefits, compensation, organizational development, and employment.  *Responsibilities:*  • Administer various human resources plans and procedures for all company personnel, including HR policies and procedures • Employee orientation, development, and training • Policy development and documentation • Employee Relations • Advise manager and employees on human resources issues, policies, procedures and practices while developing strong partnerships with all departments in an effort to positively influence • Conduct new hire orientation and benefits orientation to build a strong foundation for new employees and increase employee engagement • Update and input employee changes in the ADP system • Employee safety, welfare, wellness and health; and employee services and counseling  *Qualifications:*  • A bachelor’s degree or 5-7 years of related experience • Minimum of 2 years of Human Resources experience with a 4 year degree • Ability to work with all levels of an organization • Willingness to work hard to accomplish personal goals and those of our team • Excellent interpersonal skills • Strong time management skills and ability to self-manage • Proficient with ADP
2249:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	*Company Information:*  Global Efficient Energy was established in August 2011 and is the leader in sustainable home energy solutions. Our goal is simple: to save homeowners money on their energy bills by equipping them with cutting edge green energy technology. We specialize in providing products and services that help our customers save money and enjoy greater indoor comfort while doing their part to preserve the environment. Our energy auditors are available for everything from LED lighting installation to air duct cleaning, and we guarantee your complete and total satisfaction in all that we do.   *Overview:*  The office manager has a wide range of administrative, technical, and clerical responsibilities to carry out, with an overall responsibility of ensuring the smooth running of a regional office.  *Responsibilities:*  • Assign and regulate clerical and secretarial functions  • Design filing systems and ensures that these systems are up to date • Maintain the office budget and records all expenses • Ensure that personnel files are up to date and secure, and that transfer and disposal of records are carried out effectively  • Creation and presentation of reports to senior management  • Involvement in management meetings about the organization's policies and the steps that it plans to take for its strategic development  • Update health safety policies and ensuring that they are being adhered to   • Handle customer complaints and inquiries  • Ensure that all the office policies are properly communicated to the staff  • Train new employees in office procedures, telephone systems and office equipment  • Serve as primary point of contact for home office with HR, Accounting and IT departments at corporate headquarters • Additional duties required as needed   *Qualifications:*  * 4-6 years of related office management/administrative experience  * Must be proficient at multitasking and competent in project management  * Excellent organizational skills required * Excellent telephone skills required * A college degree is highly preferred, but not required  * Advanced proficiency in Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and other computer applications * Significant leadership, communication, and organizational skills are required * Excellent written and verbal communication skills required * Excellent customer service skills required
2259:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	*Location: South Florida Area* Job Title: Material Control Supervisor Reports To: Materials Manager FLSA Status: Exempt Department: Production Control Date: 10/12  Summary: Coordinate activities of receiving/shipping personnel and stockroom personnel by performing the following duties.  Duties and Responsibilities:  Plan, organize, lead, and control the Production Control functions of Shipping/Receiving and Inventory Control, including all stocking locations.  • Plan – assist in the definition and execution of department goals and objectives. • Organize – establishment of working relationships, interactions, and cooperation of entire staff, which includes team building, ethics, and professionalism. • Lead – motivation and harmonization of staff, staff development, continuous improvement at every level, and the promotion of process innovation. • Control – Reviews department goals and objectives, monitor performance, take corrective action as necessary, and reward for goal attainment. • Work within company policy up to an including what is outlined in the Employee Handbook, Safety Manual and OSHA Safety rules.  Shipping and Receiving Support company goals related to performance, including but not limited to, timely and accurate delivery of components from Receiving thru Stockroom to the customer, Manufacturing.  • Plans personnel workload and directs workflow. • Monitors the Dock to Stock process for timeliness and accuracy, including data entry, and distribution of all documentation as required. • Oversees and monitors material moves in efficient, effective, and safe manner. • Responsible to maintain housekeeping efforts (5S) shipping and receiving area. • Resolves discrepancies with Accounting regarding invoices, packing list, and receiver reports, as needed. • Maintains all required Haz Mat certifications and serves as company expert when related questions arise. • Maintains accurate delivery statistics in support of companies Customer Service Goals.  Stockroom  • Plans personnel workload and directs workflow. • Monitors kitting process, and FIFO, to insure work orders are delivered to manufacturing on the specified dates with specified components. • Oversees and validates daily cycle count process in stockroom and WIP locations to achieve company goals and develop a continuous improvement mentality in all direct reports. • Effectively leads change and improvements thru training and leadership. • Responsible for the security of all inventory.  Communications  • Attendance/Punctuality – meet departmental goals for lost time. • Observes safety and security procedures. • Reports potentially unsafe conditions; uses equipment and materials properly. • Treats all company documentation as proprietary information. • Effective and positive resolution to organizational conflict. • Promote innovation and continuous improvement.  Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  Education/Experience: High school diploma or general education degree (GED); three years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.  Language Ability: Must have good communication skills in English including oral and written.  Ability to read, analyze, and interpret instructions written in English. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations to customers, clients, and other employees of the organization.  Math Ability: Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Ability to compute rate, ratio, and percent and to draw and interpret bar graphs.  Reasoning Ability:  Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out detailed but uninvolved written or oral instructions. Ability to deal with problems involving a few concrete variables in standardized situations.  Certificates and Licenses: APICS Certified preferred but not required.  Computer Skills: To perform this job successfully, an individual should have basic knowledge of the following: • Manufacturing (MRP or ERP) software  • Outlook • Microsoft Applications  Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  While performing the duties of this job the employee is regularly exposed to moving mechanical parts. The employee is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles; toxic or caustic chemicals and risk of electrical shock. The noise level in the environment is moderate.  Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  While performing the duties of this job the employee is regularly required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee is frequently required to climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee is occasionally required to lift up to 25 pounds. The vision requirements include: close vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus.  Lean Practices/Maintenance of Work Area: Each employee has the responsibility to keep his or her immediate work area safe, clean and tidy. Filing should be up-to-date. There should be a place for everything and everything should be kept in its place.
2262:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	We have an immediate opening for a Quality Assurance Inspector, (equated to General Superintendent - Construction) on construction projects of correctional services buildings located throughout upstate and western New York.       Requirements:   General Superintendent shall possess a minimum 10 years experience in construction involving multiple phases of large scale building /rehabilitation projects.   Minimum 5 years experience shall be as general superintendent responsible for large scale multi-contract building projects   Specific experience on correctional services building construction projects related to quality assurance/quality control is required.    Travel will be required throughout upstate and western New York regions.  For immediate consideration: Please email us your resume (in Word format) and include your history of related work experience including duration of jobs listed.  Also, provide salaries of your last 3 jobs, this is required for us to submit your application. Please also let us know your date of availability.  Equal Opportunity Employer offering excellent benefits.
2263:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Production Manager  Main aim of job  Ensuring the shipments to the customers with meeting the quantities and dates according to the customer requirements with a constant high standard of the product quality Ensuring the production of door systems/window regulators involving the maintenance department and quality Ensuring the goals in the production door systmes/window regulators department for quality, dates and costs Support of the continuous improvement process through putting proposals into action Responsible for ensuring and maintaining environmental goals and objectives.  Specific duties and responsibilities  Guarantee of process capable JIS/JIT or Batch production processes and shipments Coordination and realization of complex technical modifications (product, production processes and equipment) Coordination of know how transfer together with other production sites of the enterprise Engage in customer visits Planning of the yearly budget (staff, investments, costs) and responsible for the budget of the assigned cost centers, definition of corrective actions by deviations in the yearly budget Short term, mid term and long term capacity planning (production space, staff and equipment) Responsible for cost effective supervision of the assigned cost centers Motivation of the employees in the production department Planning and realization of further education of the supervised employees Ensure and leading the distribution of production related information in the plant and to the customers Support of new customer programms Knowledge and realization of the relevant federal and state laws (OSHA/safety requirements in the work area, enviromental protection, training of the staff) Developing of solutions within a team of members from other departments Planning and organization of rebuilding actions in the plant together with the plant management Maintaining of the enviromental management system based on the federal and state laws, working in the realization of enviromental topics Ensures a current level of information for the plant management Reporting of the cost center performing data (goals) to the production director on a monthly basis Creating of all procedures, job instructions and organization instructions for the work area Responsible for meeting all procedures, job instructions and organization instructions in the work area Continuous improvement of the organization and processes in the production area (quality, quantity, costs) Planning and realization of continuous improvement workshops Ensure cleanliness and keep the plant in order  Indications of success (measurables)  Production costs [USD/h] Complete performance rate of the production [%] Production performance rate [%] Production rationalization per year [%] PPM assembly [ppm/year] Realized continuous improvement proposals [proposals per employee per year] Absence rate [%] Evaluation Order & Cleanliness [%] Realization Clean Desk policy [%]  Scope of authority/ key figures which characterize the job quantities, budget, etc.  Responsible for production equipment with the value of 8.0 Mio USD Responsible for the yearly budget for the assigned cost centers over approximatly 5 Mio USD Responsible for the production of door systems/window regulators synchronous to the customer production  Formal education / course of study  Engineer with extensive further technical and economic education  Professional experience (years, function)  5 years experience as a manager in a production department of a series production company in the automotive industry  Specialized knowledge and skills  Supervising employees Management by objectives (MBO) Project management and planning techniques Creating, maintaining and further development of standards Highly educated cost effective and quality thinking Highly educated thinking and action taking in processes Technical knowledge and skills in mechanical engineering, robot technique, hydraulics, and pneumatics, electronics Experience in running highly automated production equipment Experience in KANBAN, KAIZEN, Poka Yoke, continuous improvement EDP knowledge (SAP R3, MS-Office) Independent decision making with high risks for the protection of the production process Assertiveness, creativity, team work mentality, capable of setting priorities Recognization of interface problems and taking actions against these problems Ensure compliance of quality and environmental systems to all required standards including customer specific requirements
2267:supervising-job	(please only applicants with experience in spa or medspa, sales and management)  Want to work for the #1 MedSpa in Houston? Then work for Amerejuve Medspa!  Seeking Center Managers who are motivated to build their own business and develop their own team to achieve .  Qualified candidates will possess the following qualities: - Amazing sales skills - Strong work ethic - Great customer service skills - Outgoing personality - Retail/outside sales experience - Spa/Salon/Medical experience preferred but not required - Ability to develop superior teams focused on strong customer skills - Completely trustworthy and responsible  If you fit the above description, please contact us.We look forward to having you in the Amerejuve family!
2284:supervising-job	The *Account Manager* for *Academic Travel* will be responsible for developing and maintaining strong relationships with Program Leaders by providing a high level of customer service. The Account Manager works directly with Program Leaders (Educators) to coordinate the planning of group travel. Additionally, the Account Manager will improve retention and grow the profitability of each account with consistent follow up.  *Key Responsibilities*   Coordinate student academic travel programs with educational leaders    Relationship-building with Program Leaders  Utilize advanced verbal and listening skills while consulting with academic leaders  Maintain contact with customers within set guidelines  Maintain clear and comprehensive file records  Document all contacts with customer  Produce itinerary and specific tour plans for each group within appropriate time frame  Provide excellent external customer service by responding promptly to customer’s inquiries, displaying proper phone and email etiquette, and being courteous  Properly set customers’ expectations  Support the implementation of all incentive and promotional programs  Balance the customer’s needs with the company’s fiscal goals  Work with Director of Account Managers to establish a regular schedule of visits to customers  Mentor and provide leadership for Account Support Representative through training, effective delegation and timely feedback  Train and work together with Account Support Representative and others on systems for communication and file documentation  Function as a contributing member of the Account Management team through open exchanges, assisting other team members as needed, and by partnering with the Account Support Representative, Financial Services Representative or Educational Travel Specialist  Provide excellent internal customer service  Work diligently with Director of Account Managers on competitive problems  Attend and contribute to regular team meetings  Periodic visits to customers in their hometown and/or attendance at company public relations functions  Periodic visits for PR while group is on tour  Report group information to Director of Account Managers as requested  Serve as a mentor and coach for Account Support Representative’s professional growth, and as a resource for personal concerns  *Qualifications*  Prior experience in teaching, event planning, marketing, customer service, or other related fields. College degree preferred.  Ability to communicate effectively with excellent interpersonal skills  Must be able to manage multiple projects at different planning stages  Multiple years of proven excellence in a customer service environment a plus  Excellent time management and organizational skills  Strong attention to detail    Must possess a positive, solution-oriented attitude  Ability to balance customer service concerns with business considerations  Ability to work in a fast paced, deadline oriented environment  Good verbal skills, clear and professional telephone demeanor  Willingness to expand time commitment as necessary  Must be able to travel to Washington DC and out of state to visit customers for events only    Ability to visually proof documents and input data into a computer  Ability to use a variety of computer software packages, including MS Office Suite  Knowledge of basic keyboarding and Windows navigation skills
2298:supervising-job salary	Location :  SW TUCSON  (Near Casino Del Sol off Valencia)   APPLICANT MUST BE SELF STARTING, & MUST HAVE THE ABILITY TO COMMUNICATE TO CUSTOMERS AND EMPLOYEES.  COMPUTER EXPERIENCE IS NECESSARY  PRIOR SALES/CUSTOMER SERVICE EXPERIENCE IS REQUIRED.  CANDITATE MUST BE HONEST, HARDWORKING & RELIABLE.  WE WILL BE CALLING QUALIFIED CANDIDATES FOR INTERVIEWS.
2303:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	We are seeking an individual with an extended network of executive contacts in the trucking industry.  A retired trucking executive, business development manager or human resources manager would be ideal for this position.  You would be tasked with promoting our truck driver lead business that helps trucking companies find qualified drivers.   Additionally, you would determine which secondary services are most valued by large trucking companies.  We have been in contact with most of the large trucking companies and will be rolling out trial accounts soon.  Ideally, you would be able to help our company navigate the corporate bureaucracy of each particular company and quickly get our services in front of the actual decision makers.   Experience and Skills Required  1. Minimum of 5 years of trucking industry experience 2. An extensive network of trucking contacts 3. Great communication skills 
2321:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	SBA Essential Functions: • Analyzes and prepares Credit Request form for SBA loans with direction from SBA Program Manager • Assists in prequalification process for SBA loans including determining eligibility, spreading financial statements, ordering reports, other due diligence • Assists in preparing checklists for SBA submission to SBA and closing • Attends training classes to further knowledge of SBA lending and credit analysis • Assists SBA Program Manager using Excel to streamline checklists, internal training documents, documentation, etc.  • Reads and attends training on SBA Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) • Prepares reports as directed by SBA Program Manager • Communicates and works directly with banc-serv Partners to facilitate SBA approvals and loan closings • Prepares necessary documentation to order appraisals • Corresponds with borrowers in obtaining necessary documentation to proceed with a new credit request or renewal • Acts as back up to Portfolio Managers for overflow • Adheres to all applicable Bank & SBA guidelines • Completes all required compliance training timely • Other duties as SBA Program Manager requests   REQUIRED EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE, AND SKILLS: • Bachelors degree in finance, accounting, business administration or related field preferred • 2-4 years banking experience • Proficiency in analysis software • Excellent written and verbal communication skills • Ability to interpret complex financial statements
2323:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job salary	Marketing Manager Reports directly to COO, CFO, CEO 5 years experience required Salary depends on experience Location-Oklahoma  • Develops consumer promotions targeting identified trade areas. • Develops player promotions targeting known players. • Responsible for database marketing; including, but not limited to, pulling queries, analyzing profit/loss, etc. • Has established outside network of vendors to develop advertising and collateral, including focus groups and advertising agencies. • Maintains a working knowledge of local events and activities, which may impact business. • Prepares data for department operating budgets and takes action on budget variance items. • Keeps executive management team informed of relevant activities. • Ensure all department personnel are trained, coached, and counseled to meet standard requirements of respective positions within the department. • Perform other duties as assigned by executive management.  Required to pass drug test and obtain and maintain a gaming license.  
2324:2-4-years-experience-needed licence-needed supervising-job salary	Sears Methodist Retirement System is the chosen operator for Lamun-Lusk-Sanchez Texas State Veterans Home in Big Spring, TX. We currently have an excellent opportunity for a Dietary Services Manager. The ideal candidate will be certified (CDM) and have 2+ years of management and operational experience in an institutional food service setting. Must have a full understanding of dining room operational procedures and etiquette, recipe and menu development skills, and personnel management skills.  We offer an excellent compensation package that includes competitive salary, medical, dental, vision, life/AD&D insurance, and 401(k).  It is an honor and privilege to serve those who have served our country! Come and be part of our team.
2329:full-time-job supervising-job	*Immediate Opening* - 1st Applicant that has the skills we are looking for and fits our group will be hired... *Must Present Resume in Person*. Trying to fill position by end of day 6/14/2013 (Friday).  *SprinklerWarehouse.com* is looking for dependable ready and willing individual to be Team Leader and help team members fill customer orders received from our website. * Work in our small Air Conditioned Warehouse! * Fill customer orders from www.example.com * Most customer orders range from 1 to 25 lbs. All boxes are less than 70 lbs.  *Job Duties:* * Assure team meets \"number of orders boxed per day\" targets * pull parts listed on customer order * package parts and seal box * restock product selves * Accuracy and Attendance is a MUST!  *Schedule:* Monday - Friday 8:00am - 6:00pm (overtime available but not required). Summer: One or two Saturdays per month - 8:00am - 3:00pm. Located near West Road and Hwy 290.  *Skills:* * Must be a Team Leader. * Must be able to motivate team members.  * Ability to multi-task. * A positive, outgoing attitude and a professional appearance is a must! * Must be able to quickly become familiar with all Lawn Sprinkler System parts on our website. * Training provided. * Should be well organized. * Must be able to pass Drug Test / Criminal Background Check. * No applicant with a felony will be accepted.  *How To Apply for this Job:* Must Fill Out Application in Person at Sprinkler Warehouse: * Sprinkler Warehouse: * 8535 Jackrabbit Road, Unit A, * Houston Texas 77095   *Location:* Northwest Houston  *Starting pay:*  $13.00 - 17.00 /hr
2333:full-time-job supervising-job bs-degree-needed salary	We are looking for a full-time HR Administrator. The ideal candidate should be highly organized and effective as well as a college graduate with a degree in Human Resource Management, or related field.  This is a position that includes, but is not limited to, the following job duties: •Employee onboarding: act as point of contact person for new employees, complete new hire orientation, assist employees who have recently relocated to Malvern, PA. • Interact with employees on a daily basis to answer questions and resolve issues. • Process, organize and maintain new hire paperwork, with a strong focus on I-9 compliance. • Work closely with our Immigration attorneys to file/maintain immigration petitions, while adhering to all rules and regulations of the Dept. of Labor. • Assisting our team of recruiters with hiring of candidates. • Close working relationship with other departments within the company. (This includes executive level.) •Knowledge of employee benefits and workers compensation is a plus.  Candidate must be: • Willing to work hard and able to adapt to a changing environment. • Self-motivated and comfortable with autonomy. • Personable and able to operate with a high level of confidentiality. • Expert in utilizing time management in order to meet very important deadlines. • Comfortable with follow up. • Adept at multi-tasking. • Well-versed in job websites such as: dice.com, indeed.com, careerbuilder.com, etc. • Excellent in both written and verbal communication.  We are looking for someone to start on July 28th.  Work hours will be 9a-4p, Monday through Friday.   Salary will be $30,000 per year.  *To apply, please include a cover letter with your resume.
2334:ms-or-phd-needed supervising-job	Lutheran Social Services seeks a fulltime Clinical Coordinator for the Transition to Independent Living (TIL) Program in our Arlington location.  The TIL Program serves adolescent boys in the custody of Office of Refugee and Resettlement.  We are a non-profit organization that helps and cares for people in need.  Lutheran Social Services has a committed and diverse staff of employees that help support our mission.    Summary  The Clinical Coordinator oversees all aspects of service delivery in the group home program. The Clinical Coordinator coordinates all individual and group therapy services with the designated clinic(s) and provides direct clinical services for groups and individuals as clinically indicated.  The Clinical Coordinator also coordinates the legal services of the individual’s served.  The Clinical Coordinator supervises staff and interns around clinical concerns in the group homes as directed.  The Clinical Coordinator must assure that clinical services are delivered to the program in a comprehensive and strength-based fashion that assures safety and consistency within the program.  The Clinical Coordinator is a key member of the administrative team, advising the staff and providing training and consultation in order to assure that the milieu is consistently therapeutic so that adolescents are able to reach their goals.     Master’s degree in social work or related field required with residential treatment and adolescent development experience.  Supervision experience and professional training experience preferred.  Must be bilingual in Spanish.    Thank you for your interest in Lutheran Social Services.    Lutheran Social Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  
2337:supervising-job	Maintenance Manager:  JOB DESCRIPTION:   The Property Maintenance Manager will supervise maintenance staff and maintain all common areas of property. The Maintenance Supervisor has daily contact with residents or personnel and therefore is a key participant. The main functions of the position include: giving direction to others including maintenance technicians; performing daily maintenance of all common areas; repair and maintain paint, appliances, plumbing, heating, etc.  Candidate must be able to relocate and live on site.  REQUIREMENTS:  - Working with the Regional Property Manager in managing all maintenance-related and capital improvement activities within an assigned property. - Experienced in plumbing, electrical, heating and carpentry - initiating, performing & overseeing maintenance projects. - Turnovers, general maintenance, repairs, grounds upkeep, & overall upkeep of the complex. - Works with on-site personnel to meet and exceed the needs of the facility. - Develop scopes of work for small improvements/services & seek out qualified contractors to bid the work. - Developing & maintaining relationships with vendors, negotiating pricing, collaborate on approved vendor list.  Must have valid Drivers License. Must be able to live on site.   You must be proud of the environment you control. Candidates must be detail oriented and hard working. A positive attitude with a smile is a must, due to the fact that this role is a front line position to residents, other personnel or customers.   Fax: XXX    A background check & a pre-employment drug screen are also required.
2345:supervising-job bs-degree-needed hourly-wage 2-4-years-experience-needed	Hi,   We have an urgent requirement for our Direct Client Sr .NET Developer, NJ  Click  Submit Resume   www.example.com  - ETL Tool: SQL Server 2005 Integration Services, Biztalk 2006 & SharePoint 2007 is a plus.  Local candidates preferred.     Bill Rate: Max $60 C2C     Description  Consults with clients and other project team members to design, build and manage websites. Develops installation programs for websites. May negotiate contracts/agreements with software vendors and other internet companies. May require a bachelors degree in a related area and 3-5 years of experience in the field or in a related area. Familiar with a variety of the fields concepts, practices, and procedures (i.e., SQL, C++, HTML, CGI and JavaScript). Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Performs a variety of complicated tasks. May lead and direct the work of others. A wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected. Typically reports to a project leader or manager.   HERE IS WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:  Consultant will participate in the development of several small asp.net web applications. The consultant may be asked to make enhancement and or bug fixes to some of existing applications as a backfill for IT application development resources.   Requirements:  More than four years of experience in all stages Software Development Life Cycle including Requirement Gathering, Analysis, Design, Development, Implementation and Testing of applications using the following technologies:  - Architecture: .Net Framework 1.1; 2.0; 3.0; and 3.5  - Languages: C#(C Sharp), Visual Basic .Net, ADO.Net, Java Script, VB Script, XML  - Transact SQL, Excel VBA macros, PL SQL, (Nice to have WPF)  - Web Technologies: ASP.Net, ASP, Web Services  - Databases: MS SQL Server 2005  - IDE/Version Control: Visual Studio 2003 and 2005; Visual Source Safe  - Reporting Tool: SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services is a must (***********)  - ETL Tool: SQL Server 2005 Integration Services, Biztalk 2006 & SharePoint 2007 is a plus.  James    GraceITs  Phone :  XXX 
2348:bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Product Management will be responsible for product strategy, market positioning, product roadmap planning, feature and courseware requirements gathering and prioritization, product definition, competitive analysis, and sales training Responsibilities: • Create functional, courseware, product and marketing requirements and specifications, prioritize features/content, build consensus, facilitate communication, and coordinate product schedules with a variety of internal teams including: software development, content, sales, marketing, customer support, executives, and others • Review customer service call logs, create customer surveys, and conduct customer interviews, usability studies, and focus groups to identify and prioritize product enhancements, and collaborate with the software development team to propose solutions to customer requirements • Perform market research to understand target markets • Conduct competitive analysis, including preparing feature, content, and pricing comparisons to aid the sales team • Identify and prioritize new areas for content development • Develop product positioning, pricing, channel, and marketing strategies • Help initiate, develop, and maintain reseller partnerships • Prepare and conduct sales training • Develop and maintain product roadmaps (courseware and software feature identification and prioritization) • Recruit and manage industry subject matter experts • Create and deliver demos for internal and external audiences • Identify and attend tradeshow/conference events • Develop marketing messaging and coordinate with marketing to develop materials explaining new features to customers Requirements: • Bachelor’s Degree required • Three (3) to five (5) years of experience working in the product management discipline • Experience in a technology environment, preferably in software development or eLearning • Experience in an industrial environment (e.g. chemical, power, or a manufacturing company) strongly desired • Project management skills, and a history of strong working relationships with cross functional teams • Strong negotiation skills • Professional presentation skills and ability to communicate effectively at all levels • Team player, able to quickly develop internal relationships
2356:supervising-job	KAYfilms Productions is shooting a short film project in February 2013 in the L.A./Orange County area, and we're looking for a producer to work with us on managing the logistics.  *Responsibilities*  * Managing all stages of production * Organizing budget and fundraising * Hiring and organizing crew * Publicity/Social Media  *Work experience*  Required (at least one of these): * Producer * Line Producer * 1st AD * Production Assistant  Preferred: * Fundraising * Budget organization * Location management 
2363:hourly-wage supervising-job	Liberty Hotel Group is seeking an Assistant Manager to Manage the day to day operations for a small 42 rooms select service hotel located in McPherson, Ks. This position requires a dynamic individual who can work various shifts, and can oversee the entire operation.  Job Duties: •Manages all aspects of the hotel in the absence of the General Manager. •Functions as an administrative link between and among departments. •Monitors internal cost control procedures. •Coordinates and implement training programs with the General Manager. •Assists the General Manager in developing and implementing action plans to improve hotel products and services. •Monitors safety conditions and employees’ adherence to safety procedures. Updates Emergency plans and procedures and assures that effective training for these programs is Conducted in all departments. •Receives, investigates, and acts upon complaints from guests and employees. Respond to all guest feedback surveys. •Assures that the hotel’s preventive maintenance and deep cleaning program is being maintained and documented. •Participates and maintain an on-going, documented, facility inspection throughout the hotel to assure that cleanliness, safety, and other standards are consistently, referred to as the  Managers Room Inspections Program. •Prepare Schedules for direct supervision departments, and review schedules for indirect supervision departments. •Place orders for in room guest supplies, food & beverage, office supplies, and any other supplies to effectively operate the hotel. A Monthly Inventory and order is placed typically within the first week of each calendar month. •Act as a “fill in” where needed if an employee can not appear for a scheduled shift, or must leave during a shift, and an alternative staff member may not be found. You will work the shift, and adjust your administrative hours for the following days to stay within permitted hours. • Maintain a neat and organized filing system for all AR, Hotel, and related documents.  * Check log book daily & follow up on any issues * Monitor Medallia & Wynreview respond to all reviews and take corrective action when necessary * Work Front Desk shift 2 Days in workweek, and when a “fill in” is needed as described above * Prepare AR invoices & send to customers, post AR payments, and Balance AR accounts including corporate lodging. * Check Proto Base for any unsettled transactions weekly * Walk Property exterior and common areas daily and inspect for issues, take corrective action, and report deficiencies to the General Manager. * Review Maint. Dept Activity Log book on a weekly basis, report to General Manager on progress, or lack of. * Prepare work schedule for Front Desk, Maintenance, and Housekeeping on a weekly basis, at least one to two weeks in advance of current work week.  This is an Hourly Based Position. Relocation assistance is NOT provided. 
2365:supervising-job bs-degree-needed full-time-job salary 5-plus-years-experience-needed	iMirus, a Tulsa based technology company, is seeking to hire a VP of Business Development for the Central Region of the United States. Compensation is a mix of salary, commission, bonus and stock options. Ideal applicant will have seven or more years experience with major global or national accounts. This is a fulltime position with travel required within the region outlined below, and the ideal application would reside within that region. This is a sales related position, reporting to the Chief Marketing and Sales Officer. This position requires an individual to be a forward think, to be technologically savvy, and to have a charismatic personality.  Job Description: • Position is headquartered in the Central Region (AR, IL, IN, IA, KS, KY, LA, MI, MN, MS, NE, ND, OH, SD, TN, TX, WI) • Negotiate and close large revenue contract deals with prospective and existing clients and/or resellers • Support directly and indirectly the sales efforts of Resellers and Alliance Partners • Develop and implement region-wide strategies to obtain new resellers/clients and generate new business revenue • Grow client base through consultative selling, educating, and strategic partnering • Possess a deep understanding of cloud computing, mobile technologies/devices, and digital multi-channel media publication • Focus industries are higher education, non-profits and associations, financial services, healthcare, and printing & publishing • Collaborate internally with Client Operations, Product Development, Product Marketing, Field Service/Support, Legal and other functional sales support organizations  Purpose: • Work to improve the organization's market position • Achieve financial/revenue growth through client acquisition and retention • Define long-term organizational strategic sales goals  • Build key customer relationships and identify business opportunities  • Negotiate and close business deals  • Maintain extensive knowledge of current market conditions  Scope: • Impact of role is considered strategically significant to alliance relationships.  • Vice President of Business Development will provide leadership for other team members associated with key strategic customers and resellers. • Vice President of Business Development will provide sales guidance and promote collaboration with other iMirus resources.  Responsibilities: • Drive sales of our service offering to meet Total Contract Value and Revenue targets within assigned region  • Pursue sales leads and prospective clients • Deliver presentations and proposals  • Negotiate and close business deals  • Develop business plans that include marketing strategies;  • Maintain extensive knowledge of current market conditions and report this to key executive staff  • Build and maintain important client relationships  Requirements: • Requires proven leadership skills  • Documented sales success • Short/long term planning ability  • Contract negotiation skills • Ability to manage and coordinate complex projects • Experience developing business relationships • Excellent communication skills • Strong leadership capabilities  • Self-motivated  Professional Experience: • 7+ years managing strategic Major Global or National Accounts • Proven track record of revenue generation  Education: • BA or BS; Preferably Business Related Field  Company Overview: iMirus is a dynamic and fast paced technology company headquartered in Tulsa, OK. iMirus offers a turnkey solution for its clients and partners with a cloud-based Multi Channel Publishing Platform, creating Online and Mobile (Smartphone & Tablet) Editions of Magazines, Periodicals, Catalogs, Books, Annual Reports, Promotional Collateral, and any printed material. As a leader in the fast growing digital publishing and marketing communications industries, iMirus offers significant career growth opportunities.
2370:2-4-years-experience-needed salary supervising-job	IT Support Specialist  Volke Consulting Ltd ~ Greer, South Carolina As an employee with our company, you will have the opportunity to work within one of the most prestigious automotive manufacturers in the world.  This position/plant is located in the southeast of the United States.  Salary: 42k - 50k  Responsibilities: Provides administrative support to the Production Systems Vehicle Plants GB, SA, USA department and the Information Technology department at Plant Spartanburg.   Provides administrative support to the Vice President of IT for the Americas and the Information Technology departments in the department.  • Support Analyst manages, leads, and directs operational activities and resources across all the IT Departments in the Americas to efficiently ensure operational availability to support the IT processes and operations.  • Supports the operational processes for IT Americas group to ensure efficient operations, manages associate activities to ensure adherence to processes within IT.  • Responsible to effectively communicate operational and organizational changes to internal and external support.  • Manages and monitors regularly open issues regarding operational changes, policies, communications, and outstanding system issues.  • Represents the IT Department in assuring local process and policy compliance in each business unit in the USA.  • Provides technical support for German communications translations to local management. Manages processes, provides root cause analysis and resolutions to operation and project issues as necessary.  • Responsible for supporting the coordinated management of multiple related projects and work packages.  • Works with constituent Project Managers to monitor project cost, schedule, and technical performance of component projects and operations, while working to ensure the ultimate success of the projects.  • Generally responsible for determining and coordinating the sharing of resources among their constituent projects and operations to the overall benefit of resource optimization.  • Facilitates Global Department and Operational meetings with Germany and across the Americas.  • Supports many of the business processes such as Purchase requisitions, Goods Receipts, Invoices, etc. Works directly with the Purchasing department to tender new services as well as recurring services.  • Maintains an adequate inventory of IT and office supplies and replenishes as required.  • Ensures accurate time sheets are maintained by all consultants.  • Coordinates, maintains, and supports activity, information and report generation for the Contractor Management System.  • Maintains accurate department documents and records for the prescribed retention periods.  • Maintains accurate time not worked records for all department associates.  • Ensures that sufficient quantities are maintained on purchase orders and/or outline agreements and that they are renewed before they become depleted.  • Manages all incoming and outgoing mail for the department.  • Acts as the information protection delegate for the department.  • Acts as the IT key user representative for the department.  • Coordinates and ensures accruals and provisions are made for department costs at the end of the financial month.  • Supports department manager/s and section managers in the preparation and submission of quarterly financial forecasts for department.  • Supports department manager/s and section managers in the preparation and submission of annual financial budget for the department. Performs other duties as assigned by operations supervisor  Education: High School Diploma or GED equivalent.  Associate Degree a plus.  Qualifications: B) Experience: 3+ years experience in an administrative role in a large company. C) Training: As applicable, per training guidelines. Disciplines: • German Language skills:  Fluency (written and verbal) required • Basic = experience with SAP R/3 (preferred) • Basic = experience with web technologies • Basic = bookkeeping/accounting experience • Intermediate = computer and MS Office software experience • Advanced = ability to multi-task. • Advanced = administrative skills • Intermediate = 1-3 years interpersonal and communication skill experience • Excellent oral and written communication skills in English  This position is for a long term renewable contract with an excellent hourly rate including superior benefits including but not limited to medical, dental, vision, FSA and 401k along with paid holidays and vacation days.  Please apply ONLY if you fulfill the above mentioned minimum requirements.  Volke Consulting Ltd
2376:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Very experienced full charge bookkeeper, with a minimum of five years experience as a full charge bookkeeper.  With strong administrative skills for a small very interesting varied business. Dedication and Team Work a must.  
2382:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Qualification Requirements:   Bachelor of Science degree in an engineering discipline from an accredited college or university and 5 years of experience as an engineer at facility or a minimum of 6 years experience in the design and application of engineered offshore drilling and production equipment, preferably in an oilfield equipment manufacturing environment. Excellent communication skills are required, both written and verbal.   Desired Qualifications:   Previous Project Engineering experience, experience in the design of more than 1 product line in the oil field, fluent in more than 1 language.   Position Description:   Reports to and works with an Engineering Manager or a higher level engineer (as defined by the manager) and is responsible for performing engineering activities as defined in procedures and work instructions. Primary duty is to lead the technical team on a given project. Responsibilities include working with the customer, Project Sales, and Project Management on technical clarifications as early as possible in the project, possibly to include the bid phase, and generally being the technical point of contact for the project. Also leads the technical meetings associated with the project when company is responsible for the meeting. Other duties include ensuring the system is technically sound across product lines and across vendors and other suppliers whose equipment we interface with. The Project Engineer also needs to be able to anticipate likely areas of technical concern for the project and help develop solutions to those concerns. Duties also include being a support engineer for any phase of the project. Activities could include things like drawing reviews, calculations, procedure writing/reviewing, supporting manufacturing, working with Service department, and generally support any technical issue that arises. Advanced understanding of qualification testing, FAT's, and SIT's is also needed, as is understanding of applicable industry standards and recommended practices. Willingness to gain training and/or work permits required to support working offshore or locations needed by the project.      
2389:supervising-job licence-needed full-time-job	The Sanctuary of the Ohio Valley, located in Ironton, Ohio is seeking qualified Licensed Practical Nurses (LPN) to provide dedicated, compassionate service to the residents in our skilled nursing care / rehabilitation center. We are currently seeking applicants for a full-time night shift position.   Job Responsibilities • Provide patient care through assessment implementations, and evaluation of resident care plans  • Administer medications and perform treatments as directed by physicians  • Communicate with residents and family members while making daily rounds  • Ensure proper documentation of resident records  • Notify appropriate parties of change in resident condition or status  • Direct and monitor the work of other employees to ensure appropriate resident care  • Complete required reports and documentation on residents as needed  • Ensure the appropriate healthcare standards are executed and met.   Qualifications: • Licensed Practical Nurse Licensure (LPN) (Ohio)  • Ability to manage and supervise a nursing unit   • Strong patient-assessment skills  • Ability to communicate confidently, clearly, concisely and professionally in English, both verbally and in writing  • Comfortable rapport while interfacing with residents, families and other facility staff  • Ability to provide constructive criticism to staff and to identify opportunities for professional development  • Strong organization skills  • Experience in a skilled nursing care / rehabilitation center preferred  We offer 12- hour work shifts, competitive pay and benefits and are a drug-free workplace. We are an equal opportunity employer.
2396:supervising-job	Leading 3PL company, *Home Delivery America.com, Inc.* is seeking an experienced Delivery Manager with at least FIVE years experience in In-home Delivery/Logistics. The Delivery Manager will work directly under the Director of Operations and is responsible for the motivation and leadership of 90 independent contractors and their delivery teams. The Delivery Manager assists in executing daily operational plans to meet and exceed client performance standards and customer service requirements, while maximizing the quality and productivity of the operation.   Specific Duties: * Works closely with client management to ensure prompt efficient and accurate delivery of merchandise *  Monitors the progress of owner/operator delivery teams  * Handles and solves any delivery issues on the road * Manages dispatchers and develops daily work assignments * Develops and implements team goals  * Ensures all delivery teams are D.O.T compliant * Ensures all corporate and client policies and procedures are implemented and followed.  * Manages the in home damages claim process   Position Requirements * Experience in transportation, logistics and/or delivery systems industries * Excellent communication skills * Proficiency in Microsoft applications  * Ability to interact positively with co-workers and management staff  * Excellent understanding of overall work flow of current departments  * Demonstrated problem-solving skills, attention to detail and strong initiative  * Must be goal and performance metric oriented   To be considered for this opportunity, please reply to ad with resume and cover letter. You must list salary requirements. Only those considered for an interview will be contacted.  
2404:supervising-job	If you are looking for a great opportunity to be a part of an organization that recognizes entrepreneurial spirit while building upon the strongly established Applebee’s brand, then Potomac Family Dining is the place for you!  We are currently interviewing Restaurant Manager candidates for our Prince Frederick, MD, location!  We offer competitive benefits, career growth, and an exciting environment for the manager looking to take their career to the next level.
2408:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Would you like a career that inspires you, energizes you and allows you to achieve great things? We are looking for a positive, organized person for a position in as Glenwood Springs, Colorado as the Roaring Fork Area Manager.   Qualifications Necessary 1) MUST have permanent housing and currently reside in Glenwood Springs, Carbondale, Basalt, El Jebel, Aspen, Silt, or Rifle, Colorado. 2) Janitorial and Janitorial Supervisory experience of 2 + years. 3) Must be Bilingual (Spanish & English) 4) Must have valid Colorado drivers license with little or no violations for the past 7 years. 5) Must have a clean background check  Personal Skills Necessary:   1) Strong communication skills when working with clients and co-workers.   2) Optimistic and cheerful personality with the ability to control elevated situations with effective communication.   3) Confident and knowledgeable decision maker to determine appropriate solutions to issues quickly and impartially.   4) Advanced computer skills with a desire to learn about using technology to increase efficiency and quality with clients, employees and co-workers.   Job Duties: 1) Managing cleaning crews and personnel 2) Hiring and training custodial personnel. 3) Creating and maintaining employee work schedules. 4) Meeting with new and existing clients. 5) Fill in janitorial services as required.  Will train in all area including the following: 1) Establishing and implementing employee training and safety programs 2) Current inspection and quality control submitting procedures 3) New Hire and Employee Training Procedures  Wages, benefits, bonuses, and advancement will depends on experience,job performance, attitude and extra responsibilities accepted.  USCP is a smoke-free work environment.   - Please send resume and you will be called for an interview.  - Click Here to send an email with your information and experience: www.example.com  - Or call  XXX  for application and address of interview offices.
2415:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	The Sales Coach is responsible for motivating and developing associates resulting in better overall job performance. This will help maintain our high standards of the customer experience and quality, as well as serve our customers more efficiently and effectively.  This position requires a high energy, creative person with strong written and verbal communication skills.  The candidate must be self-motivated and have a desire to develop and coach others on improving their performance.     Responsibilities include:  • Communicating with, motivating and appropriately rewarding the associates for achieving and exceeding their objectives.  This may include creating incentives, holding contests and similar activities to create a challenging and fun work environment.  • Identifying, developing and implementing sales scripting and continuous improvement training to improve sales effectiveness and individual associates’ performance. • Responsible for evaluating sales associates’ effectiveness and communicating suggestions/constructive feedback on opportunities for improvement. • Establishing performance expectations for the associates and reviewing their performance. Responsible for uniformly enforcing policies and procedures among associates. • Updating managers with information pertaining to observations/changes/trends they observe from our customers. • Focusing on and achieving superior customer satisfaction and adhering to all compliance regulations. • Proactively identifying challenges to the sales process and operational policies.  Presenting recommended options for resolution to management team. • Assisting in development and delivery of continuous improvement training to sales associates. • Identifying performance trends and patterns and making appropriate training recommendations, as well as recommendations for policy and procedure changes that may enhance the associate productivity and the customers’ experience.  Qualifications:  • 2+ years of leadership experience, preferably in a contact center environment.  • High energy and enjoys motivating people to exceed performance goals. • Proven success in telephone sales environment strongly preferred. • Experience with Performance Improvement and Quality Assurance metrics preferred. • Excellent verbal and written communication skills. • Proficient computer skills – comfortable with all Microsoft Office programs.
2417:licence-needed supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job	*Nurse Manager – RN- Paraprofessional Program* is a management position responsible for the management and direction of the Paraprofessional Department.     *Schedule:* FT, Mon.-Fri., 8-5   *Responsibilities:*   * Ensures provision of safe, high quality care.    * Assures appropriateness of care and compliance with relevant regulations.   * Ensures provision of safe, appropriate, high quality patient care by the departmental staff.   * Develops and implements policies and procedures to meet agency needs and applicable rules and regulations.    * Is responsible for management of hiring, orientation, training and evaluation of staff.    * Will supervise staffing which meets client needs.    * Functions as a liaison between all disciplines and facilitates communication between caregivers and families.     * Ensures that systems are in place to maintain reliably appropriate and timely documentation of services, complying with pay source and regulatory agency requirements.       *Qualifications:*   * Graduation from an approved education program, BSN preferred.   * Active Colorado RN license or a license from the state of primary residence, if participating in the NLC (Nurse Licensure Compact) strongly preferred.   * Minimum 2 years supervisory experience in a healthcare setting including at least 1 year in home health or comparable setting.   *Preference given to medical surgical nursing experience in an acute care setting and home health experience.   Experience in orienting and training healthcare paraprofessionals (CNAs) required.*   *Great Benefits:*  * Hiring Bonus for qualifying Nurses (RN, LPN) and Therapists (OT, PT, ST) * Productivity bonus for salaried RNs, PTs, OTs and STs   * Flexible Spending Accounts   * Health,  Dental,  and Vision Insurance   * 403b retirement savings plan with company match   * Paid Holidays, and a Paid Time Off (PTO) Plan * Instructor lead and online training and skills development * Tuition Reimbursement Plan   Benefit eligibility is based upon the position held and may be apply to both full- and part-time qualifying positions. On-call and positions less than 20 hours per week are not benefit eligible.  Visiting Nurse Corporation is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer dedicated to excellence through diversity.
2421:supervising-job	Heidel House Resort & Spa, 2013 TripAdvisor Certificate of Excellence Award winner, is looking to add a self-motivated, energetic, and detail orientated Restaurant Supervisor to our successful team. Located on the shores of beautiful Green Lake, Heidel House Resort & Spa offers an oasis of relaxation complemented by impeccable service with 190 guest rooms, 16,000 square feet of meeting space, and a 60-foot catamaran-style yacht. Our resort setting offers shoreline dining, golf, water and winter sports, distinctive area shopping and a spa oasis that will be sure to offer guests an unforgettable experience.       Job Summary  The purpose of the Restaurant Manager is to ensure that all aspects of the restaurant operations achieve and sustain the highest quality of service for our guests and the profitability for the company.        Essential Job Duties:   •  Responsible for the hiring and training of all staff •  Devise and implement training programs for restaurant staff •  Work in conjunction with the management team to develop and market the restaurants •  Achieve all payroll and expense budgets •  Devise and implement service standards which exceed the expectations of the guest for the      particular outlet.   •  Devise and implement physical standards for the proper setting of all outlets.  This includes linens, silverware, glassware and china plus all table top accessories.   •  Ensure that all staff is in proper uniform and follow all hygiene and uniform codes as stated in the handbook.   •  Assure that common areas of the restaurant are in proper operating order.  Report to appropriate department if any attention is needed. •  Check plate presentation to ensure consistent quality is being maintained.  Act as a liaison between culinary and service staff. •  Check guest satisfaction through personal observation, comment cards and other forms of feed back and make changes when necessary.  Job Requirements:      Education and/or Experience  •  Previous restaurant management experience with strong customer service needed.  A degree in hospitality preferred.    Full benefit package available
2422:full-time-job supervising-job salary	*Facility Information*  Wedgewood Golf & Country Club, located in Powell, Ohio, is a private member-owned golf club rich with history and tradition. It's a place for forging friendships, enjoying family gatherings and celebrating life's events.  Wedgewood is considered to be one of the most challenging and best conditioned courses in Central Ohio. Opened in 1991, the golf course was designed by Robert Trent Jones, Jr. Our 49,500 square foot Clubhouse offers a commanding view of both the ninth and eighteenth greens. Wedgewood offers members both formal and informal dining, men's and women's locker rooms, and a professionally staffed pro shop. In addition, our members enjoy a newly renovated 6,000 sq. ft. fitness center with a beautiful view overlooking the golf course. We also have one of the few indoor tennis facilities in the area with 6 outdoor courts and 4 indoor courts.  *Job Description*  Our Dining Room Manager oversees multiple dining facilities at the club and will oversee a staff of approximately 25 employees. This position requires that you be a positive role model for your staff of employees. A solutions-oriented individual will succeed in this position. Must have experience in leading management team and versed in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, motivating and coaching employees. The applicant must be well-groomed, polished, professional, and have a desire for future success in the industry.  Hours vary for this position, but evenings, weekends, and holidays are prime hours for our operation.  The position answers to the Director of Food & Beverage.  *Qualifications*  - Expert in all Microsoft suites of software - High School degree mandatory, college degree preferred - Must be friendly and approachable -- enjoy interacting with our members and their guests - Must enjoy being a part of a positive team environment  *Experience*  - Previous experience in the private golf club industry preferred, but not mandatory - Previous experience in upscale, fine dining mandatory  *Compensation*  Salary of $34,000 to $38,000 per year, commensurate with experience and qualifications.
2437:bs-degree-needed full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	HR Manager (Rancho Cucamonga, Ca)     JOB PURPOSE AND REPORTING STRUCTURE      Under the direction of the Corporate Director and CEO, the Human Resources Manager is responsible for the overall administration, coordination and evaluation of the Human Resources function.     Qualifications:    Bilingual Spanish/English    • Minimum 5 years human resources generalist/management experience.  • Bachelor's Degree in Business Administration, Human Resources Management or related field is required.  • Working knowledge of fundamental employee and labor relations concepts.  • Working knowledge of diversified recruiting methods, including an understanding of the legalities of recruiting.  • Working knowledge of benefits (health and welfare programs, retirement plans, disability and leave of absence programs, FMLA, Unemployment, Workers Compensation, etc.).  • Strong knowledge of HR related federal, state & local laws (e.g. ADA, ADEA, AAP, COBRA, EEO, ERISA, Immigration, FLSA, FMLA, HIPAA, Title VII, USERRA).  • Understanding of compensation fundamentals.  • Knowledge and demonstrated experience with training and the development of training.  • Advanced computer proficiency in Microsoft Office, Word, Excel and PowerPoint.  • Strong written and verbal communication skills.  • Ability to travel to regional sites  • Experience in property and casualty insurance is a PLUS  • Experience with a sales and service organization is a PLUS  • Bilingual: English/Spanish a plus     Job Duties:    • Develops organization strategies by identifying and researching human resources issues; contributing information, analysis, and recommendations to organization strategic thinking and direction; establishing human resources objectives in line with organizational objectives.    • Implements human resources strategies by establishing department accountabilities, including talent acquisition, staffing, employment processing, compensation, health and welfare benefits, training and development, records management, safety and health, succession planning, employee relations and retention, AA/EEO compliance, and labor relations.    • Manages human resources operations by recruiting, selecting, orienting, training, coaching, counseling, and disciplining staff; planning, monitoring, appraising, and reviewing staff job contributions; maintaining compensation; determining production, productivity, quality, and customer-service strategies; designing systems; accumulating resources; resolving problems; implementing change.    • Develops human resources operations financial strategies by estimating, forecasting, and anticipating requirements, trends, and variances; aligning monetary resources; developing action plans; measuring and analyzing results; initiating corrective actions; minimizing the impact of variances.    • Accomplishes special project results by identifying and clarifying issues and priorities; communicating and coordinating requirements; expediting fulfillment; evaluating milestone accomplishments; evaluating optional courses of action; changing assumptions and direction.    • Supports management by providing human resources advice, counsel, and decisions; analyzing information and applications.    • Guides management and employee actions by researching, developing, writing, and updating policies, procedures, methods, and guidelines; communicating and enforcing organization values.    • Complies with federal, state, and local legal requirements by studying existing and new legislation; anticipating legislation; enforcing adherence to requirements; advising management on needed actions.    • Updates job knowledge by participating in conferences and educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations.    • Enhances department and organization reputation by accepting ownership for accomplishing new and different requests; exploring opportunities to add value to job accomplishments.    • Develop effective training programs.    • Effectively structure benefits programs to attract and retain top talent.    • Make informed business decisions based on data and statistics.    • Administer workers compensation plan and claims    • Ensure employee safety, welfare, wellness and health;
2448:full-time-job supervising-job salary associate-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	F. Ziegler has an immediate opening for a Senior Quality Engineer.  Please visit our website, www.example.com for company information.  Specific Accountabilities: • Respond to process upsets, assist ME in design and implementation of fixtures and tooling. • Assist with PPAP process • Programs and operate CMM • Review inspection sheets for accuracy and applicability of inspection activities  • Design proper systems for NCM containment/reduction  • Selection proper inspection tooling, serve on CI team, assist with CAPA process • Review and correct blueprint related issues, lead ECR process, assist with RCA/quality tools when needed • Train and lead Quality Technicians    Qualifications: • Must have experience in CNC Machining environment.                   Minimum Associate Degree, Bachelor Degree preferred. • 2-4 years of related manufacturing experience  • Excellent communication skills (written and verbal) • Diverse knowledge of inspection and control methods, techniques and documentation. • Strong attention to detail    This is a first shift position, with an annual salary of $65,000-$75,000 based on experience.   FZE offers a competitive benefits package including 401K match, tuition reimbursement, medical, dental, life insurance & more!  Check out our website:  www.example.com.
2449:supervising-job	Fashion To Figure (www.example.com) is a retailer of clothing, jewelry, and accessories at terrific prices and is the go-to destination for up-to-the-minute trends and runway looks in sizes 12-26. Our mission is to make people’s lives better through the ultimate full-fashion shopping experience. The way we deliver on that promise is through our exceptional family of FTF Stylists and Store Leaders.   FTF is seeking individuals with retail experience, a passion for fashion and a commitment to helping others to join our family as an Assistant Store Director or Key Holder at our Westfield Wheaton Mall location.   *KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:* As an Assistant Store Director/Key Holder, you help create and deliver an unparalleled store experience. Responsibilities include but are not limited to:  * welcoming and getting to know store clients * offering personalized styling * sharing fashion advice and feedback with our guests * providing exceptional service and accommodating guests’ needs * helping maintain our store floor zone areas from a coverage standpoint as well as merchandising * maintaining standards and overall store condition * creating and maintaining mannequin displays * helping receive new inventory shipments and organizing the floor * introducing new key items to our guests * providing coaching to Stylists * supporting the Store Director, as required  *SKILLS & EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS:* Must have a friendly, courteous and positive attitude and enjoy helping others. The ability to multitask and work in a fast-paced environment is a must. Retail and/or hospitality experience required. Demonstration of increasing responsibility in previous positions, including prior Key Holder experience is also required.  *MORE INFORMATION:* FTF’s mission is to make people’s lives better through the ultimate full-fashion shopping experience.  FTF provides a fun, dynamic and entrepreneurial environment, facilitating growth and advancement.  At FTF you are not “a number”; you are a valuable member of the family and we welcome your feedback. Every Stylist and Key Holder is entitled to 40% off clothing. FTF is an equal opportunity employer and offers competitive compensation packages including regular bonus opportunities.    Apply online or email example@example.com with a resume, cover letter and “FTF Wheaton ASD/Key Holder” written in the subject line.
2452:full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed ms-or-phd-needed supervising-job	Responsibilities: The individual will be charged with the development of an overarching scientific strategy and implement it through execution that is comprehensive, consistent, and targeted to the company needs, and the ecosystem surrounding pediatric genomics. The individual will work closely with the leadership team to develop the R&D and research collaborations strategy and set key priorities for Research that enable delivery of milestones, novel applications and diagnostic tests. The individual will work closely with the leadership team to manage operations of the company. In operations the person will be charged with establishing and optimizing workflow systems and NGS sequencing technology pipelines, coordination with collaboration groups and external vendors, molecular protocols development, coordinate with the extended team. Will report to the CEO, and coordinate with Head of Sales & Marketing, Finance leads, and other divisions like Medical/CLIA Director and Scientific Advisory Board.   Skills, Experience and Qualifications -  PhD/MD in life sciences with 3 years post-doctoral experience, a strong publication record. Can do attitude.   -  In-depth knowledge of genomics and next generation sequencing, clinical and pharmaceutical industry. -  FACMG/Pediatrics background with NGS or computational experience a plus. -  Ideally a proven track record of success building, leading and managing collaborations with industry; ability to build relationships with thought leaders.  -  Have strong communication and presentation skills; strong external presence and persona; a true evangelist -  Ability to work “hands on” independently. Be able to meet deadlines. Be efficient and dedicated.  -  Proven leadership talents, original thinker, management skills, ability to multi-task, entrepreneurial.  -  Direct experience in some amount of pitching to investors or thought leaders, selling complex concepts.  -  Strong experience in Grantsmanship; intellectual property development. Ability to accurately project costs associated with programs.   - Demonstrated ability to craft and lead high-impact programs on a tight development schedule, including preparation of data sets and publications; conference and poster presence at key scientific meetings; communications strategy; key opinion leader support; and manage and coordinate early access programs.  (www.example.com)
2454:supervising-job hourly-wage	EMPLOYER: Bigger Tour & Travel INC  OPENING:  Junior Sales Executive/ Vacation Planner   MINIMUM OFFER: $8.00 - $18.00 PER HOUR   JOB REQUIREMENTS:  *Demonstrated capability with the ability to manage a team in a fast paced, exciting industry *Strategic thinker with an eye towards growth and process improvement *Understanding of the travel industry *Candidates must have strong sales, negotiation and marketing skills *Have an understanding of phone sales techniques *Excellent verbal and written communication skills *An ability to work with diverse individuals and groups *Ability to learn quickly          Duties and Responsibilities of the Job: We are in the discounted vacation get-a-way business. We have relationships with nearly 50 resorts properties ranging from family oriented 3 star properties to Adult Only 5 Star Elite Luxury properties. One of our key competitive strategies is to work closely with the destination resort to greatly reduce the costs of the stay by arranging a no obligation 1.5 to 2 hour discussion and tour of the facility for our guest.  This process allows the resort to discount the costs of the stay and highlight the benefits of a timeshare/vacation ownership plan while enhancing the overall vacation experience.  Responsibilities would include: Selling our services and negotiating with clients and resorts to find the right vacation package for each client.  Working with clients and resorts to manage and solve problems or unforeseen circumstances that could arise.  Meeting and exceeding the clients’ needs every time. Answering questions, putting together itineraries, explaining and selling the product and service to the client.   GROWTH POTENTIAL AND ADVANCEMENT OPPORTUNITIES:  Together, we will look to guide the organization to the next stage of growth. With a vision to grow the business one (1) great employee/contractor acquisition at a time. The most important asset in this business is people who are enthusiastic, smart, talented and productive.  Currently we have strategies and training in place to grow our business and our employees along the same path.  Given the correct attributes, you will find this a rewarding, enjoyable long term career.   Starting compensation will be based on current experience and skill and will grow comparably with experience and skill.  Incentives and bonuses can be achieved to increase overall compensation.  Team management opportunities with a commensurate increase in compensation will be available as the company grows.  Your talent and drive will play a key role in your ability to advance your career.  To qualify for advancement, you will have to demonstrate an understanding of the entire sales process, an ability to problem solve and meet challenges, perform under pressure, and an ability to train and demonstrate mastery of the entire sales system.  HOW TO APPLY:  Schedule a Phone Interview:  XXX   Please include all contact information and any Linkedin or Facebook profiles.
2458:supervising-job	We are looking for a person to provide client support in sales and service and to promote our collection services to prospective clients.  Responsibilities: Develop relationships with key client personnel and management Act as main point of contact for the client on all account based interactions Work with the client on all phases of listing accounts for collection Manage other client support staff working locally and remotely as required Provide training and mentoring for clients  Skills required: Strong relationship management skills Ability to build and maintain rapport and trust with client contacts Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written Ability to interact successfully with clients at all seniority levels Strong leadership and influencing skills Ability to manage concurrent tasks and work well under pressure  Skills desired: Previous experience in client account management Knowledge of the Healthcare sector Previous experience in the collection industry
2474:licence-needed full-time-job supervising-job	Description: Physician Assistant    Physician Assistant Job Purpose: Promotes and maintains health by providing medical services under the supervision of a physician.  Physician Assistant Job Duties:    •Contributes to physician's effectiveness by identifying short-term and long-range patient care issues that must be addressed; providing information and commentary pertinent to deliberations; recommending options and courses of action; implementing physician directives.   •Assesses patient health by interviewing patients; performing physical examinations; obtaining, updating, and studying medical histories.     •Determines abnormal conditions by administering or ordering diagnostic tests, such as x-rays, electrocardiograms, and laboratory studies; interpreting test results.     •Documents patient care services by charting in patient and department records.     •Performs therapeutic procedures by administering injections and immunizations; suturing; managing wounds and infections.     •Instructs and counsels patients by describing therapeutic regimens; giving normal growth and development information; discussing family planning; providing counseling on emotional problems of daily living; promoting wellness and health maintenance.     •Provides continuity of care by developing and implementing patient management plans.     •Maintains safe and clean working environment by complying with procedures, rules, and regulations.     •Protects patients and employees by adhering to infection-control policies and protocols.     •Complies with federal, state, and local legal and professional requirements by studying existing and new legislation; anticipating future legislation; enforcing adherence to requirements; advising management on needed actions.     •Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies.     •Develops health care team staff by providing information, educational opportunities, and experiential growth opportunities.     •Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.   Skills/Qualifications: Health Promotion and Maintenance, Thoroughness, Clinical Skills, Informing Others, Medical Teamwork, Physiological Knowledge, Bedside Manner, Infection Control, Administering Medication, Pain Management, Self-Development        Benefits  • Compensation and benefits package.   • Our extensive training and opportunities are unparalleled.   • Finally, we invest heavily in our employees and prefer to promote from within.   • If your career ambitions include leadership, we have many opportunities for you.   • Our business is expected to double in size within the next five to seven years and new positions will be created to support our growth.  Additional benefits:  • Medical and prescription drug insurance  • Vision care support  • Life insurance  • 6 paid holidays off  • Team-focused, uplifting and educational work culture  • Potential for 3 weeks vacation available    
2477:licence-needed supervising-job full-time-job salary	Technical Operations, Inc. (Tech-Ops) is a Technology Services Specialist that provides technical expertise in the fields of Audiovisual Communications, Information Technology, and Broadcast Services.   The Shop Manager is responsible for maintaining the repair shop. The Shop Manager will also assist the Senior Engineer and Technicians during integration projects.  Your Top Priorities * Managing the A/V Repair Shop with efficient and friendly customer service * Ordering parts for repairs * Managing repair staff * Following up on the status of repairs * Supporting customers remotely * Providing service manuals & diagrams to staff * Working with Business Development to further growth * Assisting Senior Engineer and Technicians with projects  Your Background * AV/IT maintenance and repair * AV/IT service background * Help Desk & Support * Strong research skills  * A/V & IT Certifications are encouraged, but not required. You MUST have a willingness to obtain certain certifications as needed.  * If you have a stronger background in IT, you must be open & willing to be trained in A/V.   Full-time position. Salary commensurate with experience.  NO PHONE CALLS. Please email resumes ONLY or fax + XXX 
2480:licence-needed supervising-job	Retired or Prior Court Appointed Judges Needed In all 50 States.  Lawyers who have previously been appointed or held prior Court Judging Experience will be considered.  Responsibilities include but not limited to: Provide public and media interviews. Must be comfortable with positive notoriety. Preside over Small Claims Court ADR/ODR hearings working from home office anywhere in the U.S. Must be comfortable using technology, computers, case software, and web conferencing. Rule on the admissibility of evidence, monitor the testimony of witnesses, and settle disputes claimants and defendants. When standard procedures do not already exist, judges establish new rules based on their own knowledge of the law. They must ensure that all proceedings are fair and protect the legal rights of everyone involved. Provide determination of award or conditions for settlement. NO pretrial hearings required. Little or no travel required, flexible hours, work from home office, where they read legal briefs and motions, research legal issues, hold hearings and write opinions. This opportunity will provide a laptop, management software, remote clerical personnel and a publicist. Rate is $200/hour + bonus. All communications will remain confidential. Please send resumes and specify a good contact number and best time to call.
2487:supervising-job	We are looking for an assistant office manager for a busy veterinary practice.  The ideal candidate would be personable, outgoing and a team player.  The job would include assisting the current office manager with clerical tasks, managing some daily hospital functions and serving as a staff liaison and human resources manager. We would prefer candidates with some managerial and team leading experience.  Veterinary experience is a plus, but not required.  Please forward a cover letter and resume to our office for consideration.
2489:supervising-job	General Manager is responsible for establishing goals and objectives for the restaurant while maximizing guest satisfaction.  General Manager has complete responsibility of the restaurant operations, including: *  Driving sales through excellent operations *  Controlling profit and loss *  Training and developing all staff members *  Employee coaching and evaluations *  Monitoring quality of food and service * Ensure restaurant is 100% staffed with quality, friendly and properly trained team members.
2490:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Registered Sales Assistant Investment Firm - St. Charles/Geneva - Full Service – Saint Charles, IL Highly respected, nationally focused Regional Sales Firm is seeking a full-time Series 7 licensed Sales Assistant with a minimum of 2 years experience to work in the St. Charles office of one of the securities industry's fastest growing firms.   Responsibilities  •Act as a liaison between clients, financial advisors and internal departments (Compliance, Operations, Administration and Finance). •Handle client account deposits, administration and order entry, as necessary. •Provide administrative support to registered representatives. •Interact and communicate with financial advisors, clients and internal contacts. •Provide support to management, other sales assistants and other financial advisors. Qualifications  •Series 7 and 63 licenses preferred. •College (Bachelor's) degree or equivalent preferred. •2 or more years experience as a Registered Sales Assistant •Experience in a customer service capacity  •Able to exercise independent judgment and be self-motivated, detail oriented and able to prioritize tasks •Proficient in Microsoft Office products and accustomed to working in a fast-paced, upbeat and team oriented environment You'll enjoy Medical, Dental, Life and AD&D Insurance along with a generous firm matched 401K plan. We offer paid vacation, flexible spending accounts, health reimbursement accounts, health savings accounts, a business casual dress code and various vendor/employee discounts.
2495:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Comstar Enterprises, Inc. is in need of an *experienced Fleet Manager* in our Tontitown, AR location.  Qualifications:  • *Must* have previous experience managing a driver board  • At least 2 years experience in the transportation industry  • Must have good “people skills,” and ability to foster a good working relationship with drivers and office staff  • Ability to excel in a fast-paced, rapidly-changing environment.    • Good “proactive” skills a must; a good Fleet Manager anticipates problems and takes corrective actions before the situation becomes a problem!  • Must have good communication skills, both written and verbal.  Communication is the key quality of a good Fleet Manager.  • Must be versed in DOT regulations, with emphasis on Hours of Service compliance  • Applicants need a good understanding of truckload long-haul procedures, to include bills of lading, OS&D reporting, scaling procedures, and trip planning.  • A strong understanding and respect for customer relations, and the ability to transfer that understanding to the drivers.    • Patience is a desired skill as well    • Strong computer skills a must; applicants must be able to learn our dispatch system quickly (Strategy), and must also possess good Microsoft Office skills (Outlook and Excel).  We’re looking for a candidate with the above skills, as well as the as the ability to make recommendations on how to improve efficiency and cost control.  The Fleet Manager is the “front line” supervisor to the drivers, and must be able to effectively manage them to prevent service failures.  *This is not an “entry-level” position.  Only qualified applicants need apply.*  Starting pay is negotiable, based on experience.  Please forward your resume and salary requirements for consideration.
2498:bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	•3-5 Years Experience is Required  •Supervisory Experience is Preferred   KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS:   Preferred: Master's Preferred   Required: Strong planning and organization, critical thinking and decision-making skills. Strong leadership and coaching/staff development skills. Good general business skills, high degree of confidentiality, maturity, tactfulness and business ethics. Strong written and verbal communications skills, coaching and mentoring skills, negotiation and conflict resolution skills. High degree of self-motivation, commitment and integrity. Able to communicate effectively with wide range of employees, leaders at various levels, physicians and other customers. Communicates proactively to prevent problems. Negotiates effectively to resolve conflict.   EDUCATION:   Preferred: Master's preferred, minimum of BSN. Advanced degree in management-related field preferred.   Required: Minimum of BSN   Paid Relocation is offered!
2499:supervising-job ms-or-phd-needed	The Director of Technology is responsible for the vision, planning, implementation, maintenance, security, and use of technology at Lexington Christian Academy.  Since technology directly affects the quality of education in nearly every classroom, the Director of Technology must work closely with campus administrators to understand their vision, offer technological insight, and to ensure a high quality of service.  The Director of Technology must ensure that the communications systems are reliable to allow the best possible outcome for students.  Education/Certifications:  Master’s degree and/or other technical certifications Required Knowledge:  Advanced understanding of information systems, networking, student information systems, virtual servers and infrastructure, and maintain budgetary guidelines. Understanding of K-12 curriculum and NET standards preferred. Required Experience:   Professional:  Managing information systems, project management, managing personnel, communicating with non-technical individuals Software:  VMWare, Microsoft Servers, Blackbaud Education Edge and NetCommunity Skills/Abilities:  Communicate technology concepts to non-technical individuals, ability to plan, manage and finish projects, ability to prepare and maintain accurate records, strong leadership and team building skills Full job description and application can be downloaded at www.example.com – Employment Opportunities 
2505:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	*F5 Systems Engineer*  Job Description   • Configures and troubleshoots new and existing F5 installations • Contributes to incident resolution by diagnosing and troubleshooting the incidents, gathering additional information, follows change control processes, updates incident tickets with current information, proactively documenting status for each incident ticket, escalating issues to other technical resources and/or management as appropriate, and participates/monitors the resolution and/or root cause analysis process • Under minimal direction, perform preventative maintenance of all F5 Networks BIGIP LTM equipment with a complex IRule deployment to keep them up-to-date by installing/applying latest security and recommended patches/fixes that are released by vendor • Monitors performance, availability and capacity of all equipment and identifying/reporting potential concerns to management  Required Skills   • Networking basics (OSI Model, IPv4 addressing/masking, routing protocols, ARP, NAT, VLAN, VIP, TCP/UDP) • Minimum 3 years of experience as a system/network administrator and/or application support role in IT operations • Minimum 1 year of experience with F5 LTM expertise (v11.x preferred) • Able to document procedures and train others – documentation skills a must • Understanding of network security, encryption tools, etc. (SSH, VPN) • Working technical knowledge of current network hardware and protocols • Strong customer service and interpersonal skills • Unix / Linux BIND Administration is a plus • SOA-P, L7, Tibco administration experience a plus
2510:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	ReneSola America seeks a highly motivated, dynamic, and self-starting individual with an understanding of general marketing strategies and tactics, to join its North America team.    The ideal candidate will have at least two years of marketing experience, a minimum of a BA/BS (MBA preferred) degree in marketing and/or communications and/or PR and a proven track record of successfully building brand and creating and managing programs.  This position is designed for a marketing pro with a \"roll-up-your-sleeves\" mentality, who is more interested in generating closed deals rather than leads.  Experience in B2B eCommerce highly desired.    *Job Description*  We are currently seeking a seasoned candidate to join and lead the charge as eCommerce continues to lead ReneSola’s growth.  • The Digital Marketing Manager supports growth initiatives that drive site traffic, improve brand awareness and positioning, and increase sales through customer acquisition and retention.  • This position is responsible for driving the overall strategy development and execution of online marketing activities.  • The Digital Marketing Manager will handle the development and implementation of an eCommerce plan and work closely with sales and marketing • Requires extensive knowledge of online marketing channels, including affiliate marketing, SEM/PPC/SEO, email, social media marketing, web analytics, A/B testing, conversion, content marketing, customer retention, user experience design, and mobile.      *Responsibilities/Skills *  • Direct the development, implementation, and management of online marketing strategies that will improve lead generation, increase new business acquisition and effectively drive existing account sales and profitability.  • Oversee and coordinate marketing campaigns and tactics with various digital agencies, including email service providers, SEM agencies, affiliates, and others. Lead in the evaluation, selection and management of agency partners.  • Work with Marketing to ensure consistent brand messaging, translate offline promotions to digital channels, and develop a seamless customer experience between offline and online.  • Understand the company’s strategies and maintain the digital marketing calendar.  • Direct the development, standardization, and execution of the brand across all online channels.  • Bridge eCommerce and Marketing through shared best practices that leverage expertise and maximize resources. • Collaborate with Analytics team to define, report, and interpret analytic results for all online channels. Leverage analytical insights to drive effective decisions.  *Characteristics of a Successful Candidate*   • Demonstrated strategic thinking and creative problem-solving activities with strong ability to implement.  • A Customer Experience champion, with the ability to see from the customer perspective and serve as their advocate.  • Demonstrated ability to interface with all levels of senior management and work cross functionally within a complex matrixed organization. • Must be exceptionally organized with superior time-management and planning skills. Adapts easily to changing situations and demonstrates flexibility in juggling priorities.  • Paid Search tactical management experience. Google AdWords certification is a bonus.  • Email marketing campaign development, segmentation, and performance analysis. Experience managing Email Service Providers is a bonus.   *Qualifications*   • Bachelor's degree required; MBA in Marketing or equivalent experience in online marketing preferred. • 5+ years of strategic and executional responsibilities in digital marketing or eCommerce required; (B2B or B2B2C experience is a bonus).    *About ReneSola*  Founded in 2005, ReneSola (NYSE:  SOL) is a leading global supplier of high-efficiency solar PV modules and wafers. Capitalizing on proprietary technologies, economies of scale, high production quality, and technological innovations and know-how, ReneSola leverages its in-house virgin polysilicon and solar cell and module production capabilities to provide customers with high-quality, cost-competitive solar wafers and modules. ReneSola possesses a global network of suppliers and customers which includes leading global module and cell manufacturers. With its vertically integrated supply chain, ReneSola customers are receiving their solar modules and wafers direct from the source. ReneSola solar modules are among the best in their class with respect to annual kilowatt-hour output and can be found in projects ranging in size from a few kilowatts to multi-megawatts all around the world. For more information please visit www.example.com.
2513:licence-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	A Service-Disabled, Veteran-Owned Small Business is looking for a Sr. Program Manager to act as the Lead POC to the government, managing and responding to all task orders that are issued.  Manage all personnel, local and deployed overseas.  Manage client expectations and submit all necessary deliverables.  Have experience deploying personnel overseas and understands nuances.  Minimum 10 year experience.  Desired experience and skills:  DoS, PMP Certification.
2517:supervising-job associate-needed full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	About the Job Are you seeking a challenging and rewarding career? If so, ZINFI has a need for an outgoing, hardworking, successful marketing professional to work for world-class Information Technology clients.  This is a great full-time opportunity to join a growing global company. This position requires a high level of self-management and drive to build and manage a dynamic marketing services team. You will have the opportunity to learn quickly, prove yourself and thus have the potential to advance your career. ZINFI is a global company with its corporate office located in California and global offices located in  Australia, China, India, Korea, Malaysia, Romania, Singapore and UK, which results in opportunities in the future for employees to work abroad.    What you will be doing: • Develop and manage  integrated marketing campaigns, projects and programs from start to finish by working with IT clients, their channel partners and internal cross-functional project teams • Develop solid, strategic relationships with key decision makers within existing accounts  • Maintain account stability and health across a list of key clients as well as generate new business with upsell opportunities • Uncover upsell opportunities from an executive business development perspective, coaching and coordinating all key players within the internal organization  • Develop a strong understanding of the client’s business and demonstrate how ZINFI’s programs can assist them to achieve their business objectives • Establish and maintain processes to manage scope over the project lifecycle by managing the identification, resolution and escalation of project risks and issues hindering delivery of programs • Identifies program success criteria and uses these to anchor program strategies and monitor program execution • Track campaign progress at every step and proactively work with internal and external customer to steer campaigns in the right direction • Attend weekly calls with the client, send out daily and weekly activity reports and ROI analytics to the Client. • Manage and run inbound and outbound telemarketing services to onboard channel marketing partners for marketing programs, and provide tele-qualification services for partners’ installed base or regional markets • Coordinate with cross-functional team (design, database, telemarketing, etc.) to ensure that all logistics are aligned for flawless execution is achieved while meeting the campaign timeline • Manage remote operations center to provide integrated service delivery to world-class clients • Travel is about 25% of the time to visit clients   Desired Skills & Experience – About You • Business to Consumer and Business to Business marketing program management experience in Information Technology segment • 3-4 years minimum direct experience with account management required, with experience in upsell of company’s software and service suite strongly preferred  • Search, Social, Event and Other Digital Marketing and Telemarketing knowledge and management experience • You are proficient in using Marketing automation and CRM tools e.g. Salesforce, Marketo, or other for executing campaigns and tracking results. • Time management, cross-functional (creative, copy, web, software, telemarketing, etc.) resource management & program management skills • Knowledge of Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Outlook and intermediate computer skills • Highly organized, strongly self-motivated, ability to multi-task activities with shifting priorities • You can handle multiple projects simultaneously and meet tight deadlines. • Quick learner with a positive attitude; Strong decision-making, problem resolution and creative thinking skills • 7 to 10 years of experience preferred; 1-3 years or more of management experience preferred • College graduate required, MBA preferred   Reporting Structure – Who Will Help You Win • This role will be located in Salt Lake City, Utah, and will report to Director of Marketing Programs, Americas Region • This role will manage directly or indirectly a telemarketing team, a database marketing team, a creative services team and a copy writing team  Company Description – About ZINFI ZINFI Technologies Inc. is a leading provider of services with headquarters in Silicon Valley area, near San Francisco, California. ZINFI was established in 2003 and offers a unique work experience at a remarkably fast-growing technology company with an experienced management team. This is a special opportunity for someone to come into an exciting business and grow their career with ZINFI. Please visit our site at www.example.com
2527:5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job supervising-job licence-needed	We are building a new leading-edge software engineering group in Orlando. This is a high paced startup environment within a large corporation. Join a highly visible engineering team within NBC Universal and Golf Channel. We are looking for the best software, quality, database engineers in the Orlando area.  Reporting to Senior Director of Engineering leads systems software development activities including design, development and implementation of software platform, system changes, and enhancements to the e-commerce platform of GolfNow.com  JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Directly responsible for design and implementation of various modules for the large suit of ecommerce products and consumer oriented web sites and Web Services • Manage front-end Content Management system that powers ecommerce platform • Write uses cases, requirement specifications, system documentation, and other project deliverables • Build software prototypes and develop highly scalable and secure web services and applications to support business requirements • Create automated unit test cases and test data • Test and debug code • Participate in code walkthroughs as needed to ensure quality • Deliver software on time and to specification, with minimal supervision • Build trust and cooperation between IT, internal clients, and external vendors • Manage end user expectations and gain user acceptance of all project deliverables • Other duties as assigned  EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: He/she will lead development efforts to build elegant, simple yet robust web based solutions.  • 7+ years of technical expertise including recent experience architecting, designing and launching high-performance ecommerce as well as associated consumer facing websites and web services in .NET (C#), ASP, ASP.NET and Windows stack. • 3+ years of experience with MS SQL Server. Oracle experience is a plus. • Proficient with HTML, CSS, DOM, JavaScript skills • Demonstrable experience with JavaScript frameworks • Experience with Ajax (Single-page interface; XPath targeting; Comprehensive event model; State and the observer pattern) • Java experience is a plus but not required. • Two to three years experience gathering requirements using OO analysis techniques and tools • Understanding of data modeling and SQL • Experience in a collaborative, team-driven software engineering environment. Participation in full development life cycle • Team player with strong analytical, problem-solving, and communication skills • Experience gathering and developing system requirements • Experience in a collaborative, team-driven engineering environment • Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written • Team player with strong analytical, problem-solving, and communication skills
2530:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	*CoCENTRIX, Inc.* has an opportunity for an experienced and strong leader for our rapidly growing Analytics and Reporting team. The Manager, Analytics and Reporting will be *responsible and accountable for overseeing all aspects of the CoCENTRIX reporting operations and staff.*  As an experienced leader, you must have a strong track record of leading Service Delivery groups in client delivery environment and must ensure client satisfaction and operational excellence.  Core responsibilities include: • Strategic and tactical leadership  • *SDLC and OOA&D Methodologies* • Communication  • Reporting and Analysis • Creation of policies and procedures  • Escalation for internal and external situations , determining Severity, Priority and Triage   The Analytics and Reporting group within our Client Services department is responsible for creating and supporting operational, business and state reports, forms, and assessments for our customers.  The person in this role will *manage the analytics and reporting staff which consists of database specialists, .Net developers, and business analysts.*  They will also be responsible for designing and implementing best practices, procedures, and policies within the department.  *Key Responsibilities* • Lead analytics and reporting development team to meet or exceed customer expectations • Serve as an expert on the technical/development platforms used • Maintain and manage the operational tasks for delivery of periodic reports from the system • Provide hands-on technical assistance to team and perform reports development activities as needed • Develop resource, time estimates and project schedules for assigned tasks • Monitor the progress of assigned tasks • Provide status updates to team, management, client and other project stakeholders on an ongoing basis • Assess technical issues and develop resolutions to meet productivity, quality, and client-satisfaction goals and objectives • Coordinate the work performed by developers to deliver application systems on time with excellent quality • Mentoring personnel assigned to the team  *Required* *Five years’ work experience* with software development in different phases of the *SDLC.*  *3-5 years’ experience* as development lead on large software development disciplines and environments •       Strong written and verbal communication skills • Solid organizational abilities • *Seven years’ experience* in a systems development role including five years management                             and supervisory experience. Work experience within a software development  company in the *healthcare industry and experience with Microsoft Dynamics CRM.*    Education Required Bachelor's degree in information systems or related field.   *Preferred Skills and abilities*  • Bachelor's degree or extensive related experience plus a minimum of *9 years’ experience with software development in different phases of the SDLC* • 3-5 years’ experience as development lead on large software development disciplines and environments • *Proven experience in a Software Development Lifecycle for large software development or data integration projects* • Solid oral and written communication skills, with the demonstrated ability to communicate complex technical topics to management and non-technical audiences • Experience with Requirements analysis, UML object modeling, Software architecture, OOA&D • Must be able to effectively manage resources (people, process and tools) and schedule *Master’s degree in information systems or related field.  Position Location:  Sarasota, FL – Would consider remote EOE/DFWP
2542:2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job supervising-job	*Seven Simple Machines                                                         Position Description*  Position Title: Project Manager Reports to: CEO/Owner Position Opportunity: Full Time   *Position Summary:*  Seven Simple Machines provides simple solutions to complex, process problems through custom designed technology solutions and web-based software. We are seeking an ambitious candidate to analyze client needs and transition those needs to a documented project.  Our project methodology is based upon Agile Scrum. The Project Manager will provide hands-on work for one project team which in turn is assigned to one, long-term, key client at 7sm. He/She will also work with Software and QA engineers to manage workload and availability of resources and will lead the team from concept through delivery and support.  The Project Manager supports the Project Team in developing overall account strategy and strengthening the client relationship. The Project Manager takes a project from initial conception and scoping through completion, on schedule, on budget, and meeting or exceeding expectations of the team and the client.  *Requirements:*  • Recent experience, proven track record of managing all phases of the software design life cycle • Experience with iterative and agile software development methodologies (e.g. Scrum, Lean) • 4 + years of project management experience including team management, and 1 + years on an agile team (Certified Scrum Master a plus) • Prior experience in systems integration consulting or software/ hardware vendor services • Capable of scheduling and tracking project work items, milestones and resource allocation • Must possess strong organizational skills with the ability to multi-task; and thrive in a busy environment • Strong interpersonal communication skills with technical and non-technical audiences • Experience with cost estimating scheduling and time impact evaluations • Proven customer interface and presentation skills • Experience in project management principles, practices, methods, and applications, including strategic planning, department management, and group motivation • Responsible for the overall direction and management of projects through designated project managers, ensuring consistency of process across projects, and customer satisfaction with the products • Responsible for a group; providing prioritizing, resource management, support and internal consulting to ensure that projects are carried out consistently and successfully • Excellent English writing ability • Must have the ability to work in a team environment with a positive disposition • Must be a high-energy, self- and performance-driven individual
2550:bs-degree-needed full-time-job salary supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	The Project Director is responsible for playing a key leadership role in the successful implementation of a large, complex Medicaid Management Information System (MMIS) and Pharmacy Point of Sale (POS) implementation project. The Project Director is responsible for providing oversight services to support the Iowa Medicaid Integrated Data Administration Solution (MIDAS) project and provide guidance to the Agency leadership staff throughout the analyze, configure and deployment (ACD) phases.  Additionally, the Project Director is responsible for managing Iowa’s compliance with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) requirements for the 7 conditions and standards, performance metrics and any other initiative or guidance to be analyzed by CMS.  *Location:* Des Moines, Iowa  *Industries:* Management, Consulting Services and Healthcare *Job Type:* Full Time, W-2 or 1099, No visa sponsorship *Years of Experience:* 8 to 10 years with at least one successful MMIS or POS implementation *Education Level:* Bachelors *Career Level:* Senior Management *Salary:* Commensurate with experience   *Leadership*  Serve in a leadership capacity throughout the lifecycle of the MIDAS implementation working on behalf of the Agency by serving the Agency’s interests.  Oversee the change control board (CCB) to ensure a successful implementation of the MIDAS project. The change control board consists of state executive staff that will monitor and authorize changes within the project. The Project Director will work collaboratively with the Project Oversight, Management and Integration (POMI) contractor who staffs the change control board to coordinate change management activities related to cost, scope and timeline.  During the MIDAS implementation and transition to operations, take the leadership role for the Agency in overseeing and working collaboratively with the Certification Manager in preparing for and orchestrating a successful CMS certification for both the MMIS and POS.  Work in collaboration with the Agency’s Quality Director to provide leadership and facilitate cooperation with all other project implementation teams, such as the quality assurance team, the independent verification and validation team, the MMIS and POS project teams so barriers between these various teams are removed.  *Oversight and Management*  Oversee the categorization and resolution of all risks, issues and action items and analyze problems through direct interaction with the MIDAS implementation teams or through escalation of critical issues to the Medicaid Director and Executive sponsors.  Collaborate with colleagues and the Executive Sponsors to orchestrate a smooth multi-faceted implementation of other the healthcare initiatives in the Agency including the new eligibility product, Data Warehouse, the ICD-10 project, the HITECH project, and the implementation of the Affordable Care Act (ACA).  Manage the MMIS, POS and Project Oversight, Management and Integration services contracts and state augmented positions.  Manage the integration of services in all areas related to MIDAS except the authorization of state funds. In areas of overlap, this position will work closely with the contract’s eligibility counterpart to make sure all requirements are covered.  Analyze the status of the MIDAS implementation on a daily basis, approving deliverables and removing barriers to its success and recommending resolutions to reduce risk.  Prioritize MIDAS implementation activities and issues along the critical path as necessary to advance the project toward a successful implementation.  Direct the implementation of MMIS and POS within the authority granted and escalate Agency decisions to the Medicaid Director or and the Executive Steering Committee as appropriate.  Provide input about all recommendations of risk mitigation and issue resolution from the implementation teams to internal and/or external stakeholders.  *Communication*  Communicate with stakeholders, project teams, other project directors, the executive steering committees and executive sponsors as needed to promote teamwork and a positive flow of information so lack of communication does not become a risk to the project.  Meet with the executive sponsors and the executive steering committee on a regular basis to advise these stakeholders of the progress and timeliness of the MIDAS implementation project.  Provide written reports to these entities as requested.  Meet with assigned state staff about any requests for expenditure of funds related to the MIDAS implementation project and make recommendations as to the appropriate authorization of these requests.  Develop and present, as requested by the Agency, presentations to stakeholders and outside entities about the MIDAS implementation.  Prepare and provide written status reports at intervals as determined by the Agency.  *Reporting*  Submit weekly status reports.  These reports will detail at the minimum the activity of the week, the planned activity for the next reporting period and any issues and risks that need to be resolved.  *The Project Director must possess the following designations and qualifications:*  System Integration – must be able to understand, evaluate, and vision the impact of this project upon other related systems.  MMIS and POS – must have experience in a managing a software development lifecycle (SDLC) for a POS or MMIS and have a thorough understanding of Medicaid policies and procedures.  State and Federal Statutes and Regulations – must be able to understand and interpret state and federal regulations pertaining to POS and MMIS, medical assistance systems, CMS certification, and the Affordable Care Act.  Collaboration – must be able to develop strong collaborative relationships between components of a complex, multi-layered organization.  Management – Must have experience managing the resources for a large, complex project including personnel and funds.  Prioritizing – Ability to identify and differentiate the importance of issues and risks, escalate or resolve those of a critical nature in a timely manner, meet deadlines, and excel in a fast paced work environment.   Leadership – Ability to facilitate a positive culture that supports Agency goals, promote individual and team initiatives, and foster open communication through all levels of the organization as well as possess outstanding interpersonal and conflict resolution skills.
2563:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Come work for Global Travel International, established in 1994, one of the Nation’s largest travel agencies and Direct Marketers located in Orlando Florida!   Global Travel International is looking for seasoned Call Center Sales Managers who are experienced, energetic with a strong track record of success and high productivity and know how to maximize profit.   The ideal candidate will maintain a high energy; fun sales environment while ensuring the benchmarks of the sales team are achieved and our agents earn maximum commissions on a daily basis.  As a GTI Call Center Sales Manager your responsibilities will include:  • Manage and develop a team of sales representatives including recruiting, hiring, and training. • Assist in the development of short, medium, and long term plans to achieve          strategic objectives. • Ensure sales agents achieve individual goals for call and sales standards. • Manage call center operations and establish inbound and outbound call efficiencies. • Able to demonstrate a great work ethic, and willing to apply extra effort to be successful. • Take an active role in team development by facilitating and leading daily and weekly               meetings with emphasis on two-way communication. • Encourage friendly competition and assist in the development of incentive programs to help          increase productivity and morale.    Experience: • A minimum of five years’ experience in a sales call center leadership role. •       Extensive experience using predictive dialer systems. •       Travel industry experience a plus. • Proven track record of developing and implementing successful call center sales strategies.  Employment is contingent upon the successful completion of a full background check and employment review.
2564:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Seeking a Qualified and Experienced Residential Construction Field Superintendent / Manager for on-site (field) work in the Center City Philadelphia area to start immediately. The right candidate will be well compensated and will have plenty of opportunity to grow with our company. Those without a strong desire to succeed need not apply.   *MUST HAVE EXTENSIVE EXPERIENCE IN RESIDENTIAL NEW HOME CONSTRUCTION (SHOVEL TO FINISH (new homebuilder)*  Metro Impact specializes in ground-up, in-fill, re-development of high-end 3 to 4 story row/townhouses & condos (2-6 units) in the Greater Center City Philadelphia area with prices ranging from $250k to over $1M. We have 3 to 5 simultaneous scattered-site projects in construction within a 5 block radius at all times. We are a small, but stable, very aggressive company that is quickly expanding with revenues increasing at an average of 35% per year. We have $22.7 million worth of projects in the pipeline with all being owned out-right, financed and permitted. In 2012 our units averaged only 26.6 days on market until pending.  RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE: Pre-Construction Plan & Spec Review Preparation of Trade Procedures / Check Lists Estimating Material (Plan Take-Offs) Scheduling Contractors, Material & Equipment Supervision of all phases of on-site construction Inspecting all work during construction to ensure compliance with specs & plans (quality control) Resolving Day-to-Day on-site problems Maintaining Safe and Clean work site Meeting Building & Bank Inspectors  REQUIRED: 5+ Year Experience in the field (10+ preferred) Thorough knowledge of all trades (shovel to finish) Accurate understanding of Plans, Specs & Shop Drawings Basic knowledge of Building & Safety Code Compliance Ability to prioritize work to accommodate deadlines Strong ability to Multi-Task & Supervise Multiple Simultaneous Projects Strong Leadership, Organizational & Time Management Skills Reliable Vehicle (SUV or Pickup preferred) - (valid drivers license) Basic Computer Skills  PREFERRED: *Construction Management Degree* Experience as General Contractor Knowledge of Philadelphia Zoning Codes Knowledge of OSHA Regulations Experience with Philadelphia Row Homes Basic knowledge of AutoCad Some construction and/or real estate courses/education Knowledge of MEP systems Knowledge of Green Building Techniques (LEED, EStar, etc) Some Spanish and/or Russian language Basic/Essential Tools Reside within 30 minutes of Center City Philadelphia  Email Resume & Salary Request EOE
2572:licence-needed supervising-job	Community HomeHealth Care is seeking to hire a motivated individual to lead our office in excellence in patient care.The Nursing Supervisor is responsible for the coordination and supervison of the delivery of all agency services  Qualified candidates will have:  RN License with previous home care/management experience Knowledge of Federal and State Regulations Knowledge of OASIS and diagnosis coding
2576:associate-needed supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Purpose, Duties and Job Specifications Primary Purpose: Under general direction has responsibility for ensuring that production and shipping requirements are met, appropriate staffing levels are maintained, employee relations are good, and a safe/clean work environment is maintained. Plans, directs, coordinates and controls manufacturing activities in several work areas to achieve established management goals in Production, Quality, Safety, and On-Time Delivery etc.  Primary Duties: Trains production personnel to perform work assignments safely and efficiently. Maintains good employee relations through coaching and consistent application of employee relation policies. Requisitions operating personnel to meet established goals. May facilitate employee team operations. May maintain accurate database information regarding employee training and certification. May review and coach employees in accordance with the plant goals. Administers and enforces health, environmental and safety standards, work practices and housekeeping policies and procedures. Arranges for proper maintenance of machines and equipment. May report daily indicators. Products built versus schedule and other KPIs etc.  Investigates material variances, reports results of investigation and recommends improvements. Solicits and encourages process, procedure and equipment improvements from team members. Insures deliveries are ready for shipment as scheduled. Overtime maybe required to meet internal and external customer requirements. Performs other duties as assigned. Communicates daily with leadership staff. NOTE: This is a general overview of the job duties, not a complete list of essential job functions.  Job Specifications:   Associates Degree is preferred but not required. Fiberglass experience is a plus. Minimum 4 years supervisory experience in manufacturing and or shipping/distribution.  Understands and uses the Situational Leadership Theory on a consistent basis. Must be able to work any required overtime.  NOTE: Send Resumes with salary goals included.  This job description indicates the general nature and level of work expected of the incumbent. It is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities required of the incumbent. Incumbent may be required to perform other related duties. Job Manufacturing and Operations Primary Location US-SC-Florence Organization Barrier Reef Pools LLC 
2580:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	The Business Development Manager will create a pipeline of growth opportunities to meet Kit sales objectives ensuring 10% Net Revenue growth by region.  This will be achieved by managing the on-going relationships with identified accounts and capturing new accounts. Potential for up to 75% travel.  * ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES*  * Delivering sales revenues to meet or exceed annual forecasts * Development and management of the marketing funnel * Development and management of the product marketing strategy * Planning and overseeing advertising and promotion activities * Development, implementation and management of the sales funnel * Meeting with sales prospects to nurture, negotiate and close deals * Provide key input on product positioning, pricing strategy and competitor analysis * Represent the company at industry events to promote the product   THE PERSON  * Experienced in agricultural industry and related processes * Able to communicate effectively and manage expectations, either orally or in written form, with all strata of the organization hierarchy, both internally and externally with the customers * Strong organizational skills, with the capacity to track and report on variety of customer issues and activities * Ability to anticipate & solve practical problems and resolve issues, within the constraints of the project operating model. * Understands business process  and can identify opportunities for products and services to solve business requirements   *QUALIFICATIONS*  * 3+ years experience in the agricultural commodity trading sector * 4 year college degree or equivalent in Business Administration, Finance, Agriculture or other related discipline  Cultura Technologies provides software solutions for simplified business and information management across the agricultural supply chain to help agribusinesses improve yields and quality; reduce variability of results; streamline business processes; enhance business analysis and decision making; track, capture, and manage data; and deliver peace of mind with risk mitigation products.  Our tools are designed to enhance productivity and customer service through automating and streamlining tasks across the spectrum of your agribusiness – from back-office functions such as accounting, financials, payroll, inventory, and patronage to operations such as grain handling, crop planning, precision analysis, bin management, traceability, retail transactions, and fuel tracking.
2586:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	New York based VC backed eCommerce and Healthcare Internet Company is seeking a talented Lead .Net Developer who has experience with eCommerce shopping carts and loves working in a fast paced, high growth, small team environment.  Compensation includes competitive salary, benefits, commissions, and an equity stake in our growing firm.   The ideal candidate will have extensive .Net experience as well as the ability to manage a team and be the point person for all development decisions, maintaining full code ownership at all times. This person will be leading a team of four developers to roll out new features, improve security and drive overall site performance.    Must be self-motivated, energetic, and eager to make a difference. This is a great opportunity to get involved in a quickly growing and dynamic company which has already received mention by smartmoney.com, daily news, crainsnewyork.com, AOL, etc.   Your responsibilities will be: • Lead the development team, which is currently made of two in-house developers, and two off-site QA engineers.  We are planning to add an offshore team as well, which will be reporting to you as well. • Take the ownership of code development from planning to release. • Make major architectural decisions related to security, reliability, performance and scalability of the application. • Communicate with the rest of the team to understand the business requirements and translate them to development specs. • Make sure the dev team is focused and motivated. • Ensure timely delivery of development projects. • Ensure best coding practices are followed, including but not limited to design, documentation, source control, testing and deployment.    Our requirements are: • We are looking for someone who has a solid understanding of how modern eCommerce web sites are built. • Understanding of the security and performance requirements for a high volume eCommerce site. • Normally you would have at least 7 years of experience as a programmer.  Most likely at least 5 years in web development. Preferably direct experience building or maintaining an asp.net based eCommerce site. • Proficiency with jQuery is highly desirable, since we are using it extensively. • You need to have gone through a full life cycle of a web application development. • Proficiency in writing and optimizing SQL statements.
2612:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Location: Radnor, PA  *JOB SUMMARY:* This position is responsible for the implementation and support of the Airgas Finance area solutions (SAP Finance & Controlling modules).  This position requires configuration and solutioning expertise and will provide application/functional support in the FI/CO modules, with a key focus on the integration between Supply Chain Management (SCM) and Sales/Distribution (SD).  Significant experience in FI/CO is required to provide guidance and insights to project team members and the business. In addition to the project based initiatives this position will also be responsible for the day to day production support tasks.  *PRIMARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES* Configuration of various functions within FI/CO, such as:  New GL, Document Splitting, Intercompany Processing,  AR, AP, Fixed Assets,  Product Costing, Cost Center Accounting, Internal Oder Accounting, Profit Center Accounting, Revenue Recognition, and Tax Develop and deploy new processes and configuration to meet business needs Provide support, implement fixes and additional functionality Analyze data and processes to identify/troubleshoot problems, and recommend preventive action Proactively provide status on all activities to appropriate stakeholders Follow applicable standards, procedures, guidelines, and methodologies in the support and/or maintenance of systems Continually strive to enhance or improve business systems processes that drive efficiency through use of best practices Document requirements for new functionality as required in support of FI/CO initiatives Collaboration with Order Management (OM) and Supply Chain Management (SCM) team members Develop procedures, processes and guidelines that are efficient and focused on the quality of the process or end state deliverable Develop functional design specifications in support of existing and new application requirements Collaborate with various technical teams to evaluate design alternatives, optimize design solution and minimize impact to performance Develop and execute functional unit test cases in support of new application requirements Work with cross functional teams to perform test activities (e.g. integration, performance, user acceptance) Support the deployment of production applications and provide post-production support related to custom system enhancements and integration points  *QUALIFICATIONS:* To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.  The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Bachelor's degree in management Information Systems, Computer Science, Business/Accounting, or equivalent work experience 6 - 8 years experience in an Information Technology systems analysis function, working with end-users to translate business requirements into systems specifications 2+ full life-cycle SAP implementations. 5+ years of hands-on SAP configuration experience in FI/CO modules Thorough understanding of the integration with other SAP modules SD, MM, PM, PP Experience with Financial Supply Chain Management (FSCM) is a plus Experience with Product costing is a plus Experience with Vertex (or similar tax application) is a plus Experience supporting the integration between ECC and Vertex (or similar tax software) is desirable Experience supporting the integration between ECC and 3rd party auxiliary applications (e.g. bank systems, credit card process systems) is desirable Experience with SAP BW and SAP BPC is desirable Demonstrated understanding of all aspects of a full life cycle implementation and production support A plus would be experience with complex implementations that include custom solutions around PGI and sales revenue postings, including Intercompany Sales (user exits, enhancements, custom programs) Excellent written and oral communications skills; ability to lead discussions, present ideas to audiences of all sizes, and interact with all levels of the organization Good knowledge of SAP structures, configuration standards, object dependencies and tables Strong solutioning skills with demonstrated ability to analyze and provide effective problem solving, assessing whether standard functionality can be used and identifying reasonable custom solutions where needed Strong communication and interpersonal skills, with the ability to relate well and cooperate with others to effectively coordinate activities and accomplish goals Experience leading and managing project team members and deliverables Experience in wholesale distribution and/or retail a plus Proficiency with the Microsoft Office Suite Ability to translate functional requirements into technical terms relevant to SAP to coordinate and assist with the detailed technical design of FRICEW objects Willingness and ability to travel as required  *Essential requirements:* Hands-on SAP configuration experience in SAP FI/CO (finance & controlling) and FSCM (financial     supply chain management) Experience with Product Costing is highly preferable Experience with Vertex a plus Project Lead experience necessary, Project Management experience preferred Experience gathering business requirements and developing functional specifications Ability to work in a complex environment with conflicting priorities Excellent written and oral communication skills
2617:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job full-time-job	LEAD TRANSPORTATION DISPATCHER Williamsport, MD * Night (3rd) Shift   Leading Northeast transportation provider seeks detail-oriented individual to ensure quality customer service, coordinate deliveries, establish/maintain daily dispatch schedules, manage all in/outbound activities, and work in a team environment to achieve performance goals. You must be able to evaluate labor requirements, fleet resources, DOT regulations, delivery windows, and other parameters that are essential in making cost-effective decisions that support our service obligations to our customer.   To qualify, you must have: • 3+ years of Lead Dispatch experience in a fast-paced driver interactive environment • Experience interacting, managing, coaching and developing driver workforce •  Ability to multi-task/prioritize nightly operational issues • Geographic knowledge of the Mid-Atlantic, Northeast and local area • Extensive transportation and dispatching knowledge a MUST • Familiarity with Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regulations • Ability to work a soft 10:00pm-7:00am, Monday-Friday schedule • Strong planning, oral/written communication, and PC (Word, Excel, QualComm) skills  Only local candidates need apply. No relocation assistance available.  We offer a highly competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package. For immediate confidential consideration, please email your resume.  CHOPPER LOGISTICS Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V
2621:associate-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job supervising-job	OVERVIEW Fulfilling the Operations Manager position at Anastas Controls Company places you at the core of a small business. You interact with customers, vendors, and company personnel consistently. You oversee, design, and control business operation. You strategize to improve processes and procedures ensuring business operations are efficient and effective in meeting our customer's requirements. You perform duties within and coordinate the various departments in order to meet the end goal - complete customer satisfaction through sales and service while aiming to maximize total revenue.  JOB DESCRIPTION This full-time, mid-level position will evolve to an upper-level position through training and job exposure. Beginning with basic customer interaction and service while training and becoming acclimated to the general day-to-day operations. In-house product and job training will be provided. Vendor-based product training will also be provided and will commence within a predetermined time period. Eventually, you will possess the ability to manage all operations of the company, indicative of the upper-level position.  MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES As the Operations Manager, you will be responsible for managing all business operations. A very important aspect of this position is ensuring high-quality customer service. For example, addressing customer requests promptly and professionally . General customer service, generating quotations, and order processing are a few functions encountered on a daily basis. From the receipt of a customer's order to the receipt of the associated payment, you will follow each order from issuance to fulfillment handling all logistics and financial aspects. Order processing will include: processing a customer's purchase order by issuing a vendor purchase order, securing a vendor order acknowledgement, and providing the customer with an order acknowledgment. Keeping track of the order throughout the entire fulfillment process, Accounts payable duties will include: receiving merchandise through processing vendor invoices, processing vendor payments, and managing open payables. Accounts receivable duties will include: issuing customer invoices, processing customer payments, tracking and issuing statements to past-due customers, preparing bank deposits, and reconciling accounts. Other duties can include: sales report analysis, marketing, sales generation through coordinating sales calls, and maintaining an organized working environment.  REQUIREMENTS You must have professional verbal and written communication skills. Must be proficient in the operation of a Microsoft Windows based computer. Management , business, accounting, and/or sales experience required. Must be a professional and responsible individual motivated to learn quickly and dedicated to a career managing a small business. Marketing experience, computer networking and web design skills are preferred but not required.  QUALIFICATIONS 1) Must have a minimum of an Associate degree in management , business, or accounting. Or 2+ years management, business, accounting, or sales experience. 2) Must have experience managing accounts payable and accounts receivable. 3) Proficient with Microsoft Windows XP, Vista, and 7 Operating Systems. 4) Proficient with Microsoft Office - Word, Excel, Access, Outlook, and PowerPoint. 5) Proficient with Intuit QuickBooks 2008 or later.
2639:bs-degree-needed supervising-job full-time-job salary	Ensign Services, Inc. (ESI) seeks a talented and inspiring Vice President of Employee Benefits to join its Service Center Team.   *About the Company*  ESI is a team of service-oriented professionals who work together to provide centralized clinical, legal, HR, training, accounting, IT, payroll, compliance, and other expertise and resources to a dynamic and expanding base of 119 long-term care facilities, nine home health and seven hospice businesses and an urgent care chain, all located in eleven Western states. These businesses have no corporate headquarters or traditional management hierarchy. Instead, they are supported by ESI’s “Service Center,” which allows over 14,000 on-site caregivers and leaders to focus on day-to-day care and business issues in their individual operations.   *About the Opportunity*  This position requires a leader who will elevate the vision, planning and execution of our employee benefit programs offered to affiliated operations by partnering with our Employee Benefit Team, Service Center Team, operation leaders and insurance brokers.  Ensign believes strongly in our “CAPLICO” Core Values, which includes the philosophy of “Customer Second.” We believe that only after first taking great care of employees will they then be able to take great care of the customer.  The opportunities for the Vice President of Employee Benefits to lead our overall strategy coincide perfectly with “Customer Second.” We place high value on candidates with drive, humility and who embrace all of our Core Values, including  “Accountability” and “Love One Another.”  *Duties*   * Develops and executes a clear benefit strategy with both long-term and short-term objectives in line with growth and direction of the organization. * Monitors and analyzes costs and outcome data of all benefits (expenses, claims trends, employee satisfaction scores, etc.) and regularly reports these findings to the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Human Capital Officer. * Coordinates and manages relationships with benefit brokers, vendors and internal departments. * Keeps updated on the employee benefit market to understand trends, changing laws and best practices. * Establishes and maintains strong working relationships with leaders throughout the organization to understand the benefit needs of employees in different business lines and geographies. * Evaluates benefit options and new opportunities from insurance and investment companies, and develops benefit programs that meet employee and organizational needs and goals. * Oversees the implementation and administration of employee benefit programs, including the preparation of various communication modes that will best inform and educate the employee populations of affiliated operations. * Supervises the Director of Benefits, Compensation and HRIS who is responsible for managing the Employee Benefits Team.  *Experience/Education*  * Multiple years of experience managing personnel and employee benefits processes, including working directly with insurance brokers, software vendors, developing and implementing benefit plan designs and managing large-scale open enrollments. * Bachelor’s degree from a four-year university or college.  MBA or other related master’s degree preferred.  *Desired Skills*   * Mathematical skills: Prepares and monitors budgets, broker commissions, claim data, income, costs, investments and other related accounting concepts with ease.  An advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel is essential. * Language skills: Analyzes and interprets policies, legal documents, contracts, financial reports, etc.  Effectively presents information to employees, management, prospective partners, public groups and boards of directors. * Well reasoned in defining problems, then gathering data and facts to reach valid conclusions.  Easily interprets a wide variety of technical and financial details, and quickly comprehends new concepts and variables. * Connects well with all types of people and positions throughout the organization.   This role reports to the Chief Human Capital Officer.  Some travel required at times.  ESI offers an attractive compensation package including a competitive base salary, bonuses and stock options.   If you meet the expectations outlined above, please submit your resume with salary history/requirements along with a brief cover letter explaining why you believe you are the right candidate   *Contact Information*   All inquiries held in strict confidence. Resume with salary history & requirements can be emailed with Subject Line: VP of Employee Benefits  No recruiters please.  Ensign Services, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer.
2647:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	It is the responsibility of Operations Manager to plan, direct and coordinate the company operations. The operations manager is responsible for ensuring and improving the performance, productivity, efficiency and profitability of the operations team and organizational operations through the effective methods and strategies. In addition, the Operations Manager must plan and direct the work efforts of all operations personnel to ensure that all processes and procedures are operating at optimal efficiency.  PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Coordinate, manage and monitor the workings of various departments in the organization • Prepare and control operational budgets.  • Assist with the Improvement of processes and policies in support of organizational goals.  • Formulate and implement departmental and organizational policies and procedures to maximize output. Monitor adherence to rules, regulations and procedures. • Organize recruitment and placement of required staff. Establish organizational structures.  • Delegate tasks and accountabilities and supervise staff. Monitor and evaluate performance of Operation Supervisors • Coordinate and monitor the work of Operations • Monitor, manage and improve the efficiency of support services such as IT, HR, and Finance.  • Client support, Plan and support sales and marketing activities • Be the liaison between the Operations floor and Executive team.  • Assist in the development of strategic plans for operational activity.  • Implement and manage operational plans.  REQUIRED SKILLS AND COMPENTENCIES:  • Independent thinker, logical, strategic with a high attention to detail  • Knowledge of the Transportation Industry highly desirable • Excellent communication skills (written and verbal) • Excellent presentation and proposal writing skills • Professional demeanor:  Ability to creatively solve problems, deal with ambiguity, develop and implement policy and procedures, perform analysis and prepare reports, and foster team building all in line with company goals and objectives • Engaging personality with the ability to successfully interact under various high pressure scenarios with all client contacts including senior level client contacts  • General understanding of client transportation, logistics and supply chain functions  EDUCATION:  • BA Business, Logistics, Transportation (or equivalent experience)   • Five years experience in a Operations Manager capacity  TRAVEL:  • 10%   Data2Logistics is an Equal opportunity employer.  This job description in no way states or implies that the duties and responsibilities are the only duties and responsibilities to be performed by the individual(s) with this job description. The individual(s) maybe called upon and required to follow other instructions or perform other duties/responsibilities requested by his/her Supervisor, consistent with the purpose of the position, department and/or company objectives
2648:bs-degree-needed hourly-wage supervising-job	We are looking for a *IT infrastructure Project Management Contractor* with the following qualifications:  1. Bachelor's degree required   2. Strong exposure and/or previous hands-on experience with *infrastructure* solutions  3. Experience working with *cloud* solutions.  4. Background in working *Disaster Recovery* planning.  5. Must understand infrastructure, data center, and enterprise technologies.  6. Must have experience in working with various development and project management methodologies including Waterfall and Agile  7. Must have experience in working with Digital organizations  8. Must have worked with Infrastructure, *Networking* and *Storage* teams  9. Must have excellent communication skills and be able to work with various groups to resolve conflicts  10. Must have experience in working in a fast paced environment, and be able to handle multiple projects at the same time  11. Strong interpersonal, analytical, problem solving, negotiating, influencing, facilitation, organizational, prioritization, decision making, and conflict resolution skills   Job Responsibilities:  Works as a Project Manager within the Infrastructure, Networking and Security groups  Meets regularly with Team Director and Managers to understand project and program status  Maintains project milestones and manages roadmap planning with Tech Leads  Works with Director Project Management to ensure that group goals are met by team  Work closely with Infrastructure, Networking, and Storage engineers to implement new features and resolve defects, as well as deliver on infrastructure supporting software projects   Please email your resume with hourly rate.
2649:2-4-years-experience-needed salary supervising-job full-time-job	*COMPANY* This position will be located in Springfield, IL at a new microbrewery / restaurant.  Engrained is opening late summer of 2013 and is an upscale casual theme serving craft beer and a broad American menu.  Our meat and other ingredients will come directly from local farmers, our building was designed to be energy efficient, and at Engrained natural means fresh, unprocessed, free range, and free of hormones, and antibiotics.  Sustainable, Local, Natural … It’s Engrained!  Read more about Engrained at www.example.com   *JOB DESCRIPTION* Engrained is looking for an experienced executive chef to manage the kitchen and menu including the exciting opportunity to create and develop the menu.  This key manager will be responsible for overseeing all kitchen operations including inventory, ordering, portion and cost control, menu management, and managing kitchen staff.  An individual with a passion for beer who will enjoy working alongside the onsite brewery is desired.  Also desired is a person with a passion for local ingredients and knowledge of butchering and cuts of meat.  *ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS & RESPONSIBILITIES* • Responsible for overseeing all kitchen operations including staff • Ensure that all Health and Safety practices are being followed • Review work procedures and operational problems in order to determine ways to improve service, performance and/or safety • Train & develop all kitchen staff so they are able to run kitchen operations in your absence • Creation of new menu concepts and food offerings • Create menu and host beer & food pairing dinners (in conjunction with brewer)  *JOB REQUIREMENTS* • *Minimum of 4 years _recent_ experience as executive chef at a full service restaurant* • *Minimum of 2 years _recent_ experience at full service restaurant with ~200+ seats* • Experience managing staff • Must be able to lift and carry supplies and cases weighing up to 50 lbs • Must be able to work in a moderate to high noise level • Must be able to walk and be \"on your feet\" for up to 10 hours • Extensive knowledge of food safety concepts and practices (Servsafe certification preferred) • Must have the stamina to work 50 to 60 hours per week  *DESIRED SKILLS* • Extensive knowledge of beer and cooking with beer • Knowledgeable about butchering and different cuts of meat • Experience managing a menu to utilize cuts from entire animal  *BENEFITS* • Starting salary of $55-65k depending on qualifications • Opportunity for significant performance based bonuses • Competitive healthcare benefits • Retirement account benefits with company match • Two weeks paid vacation Engrained is looking to develop a long term relationship with the chef and given the right candidate and timeline provide an opportunity for equity in the company.
2653:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	The Trade Marketing Manager is responsible for all trade and retail oriented marketing, in all B2B channels. The TMM develops and plans both channel and retailer specific annual  and multi-year budgets  for  business development and footprint growth strategies. Creates and disseminates all necessary collateral and assets, in both Print and Digital.  Closely  collaborates with the social media team and brand managers on a market by market basis with respect to local market conditions, customs and language specific requirements   *Competitive Intelligence* : Undertake continuous benchmarking and distribution/pricing analysis, assessing market opportunities and providing recommendations. *Point of Sale [POS]* : In Store merchandising units, windows and presentation, environment, events, demonstrations and promotions and range display *POS Collateral Development and Distribution* : Development and distribution of catalogues, brochures, trade folios, silent salesmen and all other POS collateral and elements *Training* : Oversees Product Training and Sales Training for retailers including training material and videos and maintaining and managing the calendar *Strategic Accounts* :  Creates the Trade Marketing budget and plans for Strategic and Key Accounts  (including coop budgets) and management of the calendar *Marketing Calendar* : Maintains and distributes the marketing calendar including all new product introductions and all planned marketing initiatives *Asset Management and Competitive Library* : Maintains archive of all Maclaren and competitive collateral, including brochures, training material, photos of  POS and Store in Store and web features *Marketing Briefs* : Prepares, tracks and collaborates with Brand Managers  on briefs for market specific initiatives and follows the strategic branding, marketing and  communication strategy to support trade channels.   *Marketing Decks* : Assists in the preparation of all major marketing presentations KPIs: Sets up KPI’s for marketing plans and initiatives and monitor performance.  *Job Requirements*  • Bachelor’s Degree in business related discipline. • 4 – 6 years’ experience in similar position preferably in the parenting/juvenile/infant sector. • Perfect standard of written and spoken English • Good knowledge of Markets. • Good project management skills and excellent presentation skills. • Strong interpersonal, leadership and Team Management skills. • Used to interpreting data and driving value adding insights. • Budget management experience.
2658:supervising-job licence-needed	RESPONSIBILITES: This position will be responsible for safety training and support at multiple districts, training development, safety procedure review and modification as necessary and interaction with District Managers and their personnel, periodic interfacing with the Division Directors, Assistant District Managers and communication with other WGP Departments as appropriate.   Provide safety support for Operations and Technical Services employees in the Atlanta Division.   Provide assistance and support for assigned Districts, and field projects.   Perform facility inspections and internal audits at measurement, compression, and any other related operational facility. Conduct or assist with field audits at locations outside assigned area. Participate in development, facilitation, and presentation of Safety training material. Provide periodic onsite safety support for Operations, Technical Services, and Engineering & Construction as requested. Provide expert Safety assistance to Project Engineering by reviewing specifications and design. Assist in performing accident investigations as required.   Assist with periodic safety and other related training on WGP EHS management systems and compliance programs (OSHA, O&M Manual, Compliance Auditing, Smith Defensive Driver Training, 3E MSDS, etc.) to WGP employees. Assist Administrator in training and implementation of the WGP Drug & Alcohol Plan and DOT Driver Plans.   Provide support to all WGP locations by reviewing and updating assigned portions of the WGP O&M procedures.   This position will include significant travel (driving) to and from facilities and overnight accommodations.     QUALIFICATIONS: Must have experience in regulations: OSHA 29 CFR 1904, 1910, 1926, EPA 40 CFR 763, and DOT  49 CFR 171-180 & 192.735, NFPA  25, 30, & 70, ANSI Z308.1-1998.  Must have the ability to function effectively, both, independently and in a team environment.  Must possess strong presentation skills and the ability to facilitate and provide instructor-led training.   Must be proficient in use of a PC, including MS Office, Web and E-mail applications. Demonstrated proficiency in Excel, Word, Outlook, and PowerPoint is necessary.   Must possess an understanding of budget concepts and practices.  Must have demonstrated the ability to maintain confidentiality regarding sensitive employee and company issues.  Must have excellent verbal and written communication skills.  The candidate must be motivated, work independently with minimal supervision, work well with a diverse group of people, and have excellent written and oral communication skills. Organizational skills and the ability to handle multiple technical tasks concurrently are essential.    Travel up to 75% may be required.  A valid driver's license is required.   Candidate must have demonstrated safety experience which may include: - Served on local safety committee - Presented safety topics and training - Conducted facility safety inspections, assessments, or audits - Reviewed, modified, authored, or prepared written procedures - Assisted safety representatives with hands on training or other safety activities - Provided training to others (OJT or Instructor - led) - Incident investigation & reporting - Project Safety Support.
2662:supervising-job	Office Manager (SOMA location) Office Manager Job Description   Please read post in its entirety!  The Office Manager is the ringmaster of our spirited Company, overseeing key areas of responsibility while juggling urgent requests, hunting for hard-to-find office supplies, making flight reservations, troubleshooting a faulty printer, placing a last-minute lunch order, answering phones, coordinating a FedEx delivery, and printing & binding presentation decks on a deadline, all with a smile. No task too small, no challenge too great. This person is in the middle of the fun/madness, keeping our busy office running at a smooth & happy hum.   Key responsibilities:  * Office management: Stock office, kitchen supplies; answer phones; ship and track packages; run errands, track down hard-to-find items; set up new employees (paperwork, space, supplies); book & coordinate travel, prepare itineraries; set of Board of Director Meetings and order lunch * Facilities management: Optimize office organization, equipment, computers/software, phones; develop and execute plan to manage/minimize storage; manage IT consultant, building manager, cleaning service, repairmen and other vendors; pick up and maintain all common areas of office * IT management: Troubleshoot computer, printer & network problems; update basic website info; manage web hosting service; set up emails & voicemails *  HR coordination: Coordinate health insurance & maintain HR files; track employee vacation & sick time; manage new employee/contractor paperwork * Special projects: Plan and execute monthly office happy hours and team celebrations   Specific expectations: * Team-focused; usually the first employee in and the last one out * Strong sense of urgency * Self-sufficient & resourceful; able to prioritize  * Positive attitude, motivated & proactive, can-do spirit  * Thoughtful, analytical, good judgment  * Strong communicator and able to work with a variety of personalities/communication styles  * Well organized, thorough and detail-oriented, triple-checker * Proven multi-tasker with drive & ability/interest to take on additional responsibilities * Adaptable; manages urgent deadlines like a pro *  Discreet & professional in handling sensitive information  *  Skilled with MS Office Suite The Office Manager reports to the Chief Financial Officer.   Please submit resume and cover letter explaining why you are a fit for this position, including at least one detailed example of how your office management skills set you apart from the competition!   APPLICATIONS WITHOUT THESE ITEMS WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED
2664:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Senior Environmental Planner   SRF Consulting Group, a well-established transportation engineering, and design firm seeks a Senior Environmental Planner to staff our growing Madison, Wisconsin office.  This position is responsible for preparing and/or supervising the preparation of environmental documents, including Categorical Exclusions, Environmental Assessments, Environmental Impact Statements and other technical reports as needed to assess environmental impacts.  The position will coordinate with design team members to ensure compliance with environmental commitments and permitting requirements as well as preparing permit applications, and related documents.   The ideal candidate will hold a Graduate or Bachelor’s degree in environmental or transportation planning, and have a minimum 10 years of NEPA planning experience (WEPA experience a plus). Experience in transportation projects is required.  In addition to a positive team oriented work atmosphere and excellent growth potential, we offer competitive salary, benefits, 401(k) and an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP).  Please apply directly on our company website at www.example.com ; select career tabs, then complete our on-line application and attach your cover letter/resume. EOE
2665:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Sales Associate and Management positions available for Eden Prairie Center and Ridgedale Mall.  Hair Pop has fantastic opportunities for everyone who wants to build a successful career in retail. Offering top quality hair extensions, hair care and accessories in a convenient mall environment, Hair Pop is the new revolution of hair fashion. We believe in investing in our associates and creating lasting partnerships that can evolve in the future.   Minneapolis area has a multi-disciplined team with primary responsibility for revenue generation and client relations.  Responsibilities include: •Leadership skills needed to manage staff to include meetings, training, guidance and reviews. •Problem Solving and Customer Service in excellence. •Daily Sales and Cash Management Analysis. •Plan sales strategies. •Target market segments of opportunity. •Establish sales management objectives. •Recruited, trained and motivated sales staff.  Requirement: •Bilingual a plus •1+ years Retail Store Manager experience. •Strong project management skills. •Balance of strategic and analytic capabilities to match day-to-day hands-on work •Strong personal skills in communication •Cosmetology candidates strongly preferred-not a requirement  To apply please go to www.example.com
2670:salary supervising-job	Job Title:        GENERAL MANAGER Location:    JACKSONVILLE INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT  About the Company: Elite Parking Services of America is one of the fastest growing parking companies in the industry.  Here at Elite, we stand firm on the belief that our client’s interest come first, and as a result our own success will follow.  We are searching for a positive and hardworking individual who enjoys working in a fast paced environment. Elite takes pride in providing clients with exceptional service, the success starts with our Employees. We look forward to bringing you into our parking family.  Position Outline: Exceptional opportunity for individual looking to join an innovative aviation parking company.  The General manager will report directly to the Sr.Operations Manager.  The General Manager is responsible for on-site client and facilities operations at the Jacksonville International Airport.  Manager will serve as a liaison between Elite Parking and the Airport.  Manager must be a courteous, reliable, and efficient professional.  Manager must be comfortable working with technology, innovative, and possesses strong leadership skills.  Manager will be required to attend monthly meetings with Airport management and provide information addressing the current and future highlights of the valet operations.  Manager must be well organized and meet tight deadlines.  The General Manager will work closely with theSr. Operations Manager  to develop policies and procedures regarding the operations.   Qualifications: • Previous management experience preferred. Ability to perform daily management and admin functions • Excellent communication and presentation skills, both written and verbal.     • Excellent interpersonal and supervisory skills • Manage plan, schedule, train and direct the activities of on-site employees • Experience with participating in performance management functions, such as evaluations, coaching and discipline.  • Ability to maintain flexible schedule in order to meet operational needs. This may require occasionally working outside of regularly scheduled hours.  • Ability to use Microsoft Word, Excel, Spreadsheet, PowerPoint, and web-based applications • Previous experience working with a union a plus  Salary:  $38,000 Per Annum + Bonus Benefits:  Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those selected for interviews will be contacted.
2689:bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	*Apply example@example.com click careers to complete the application  Job Summary: The basic function of the Education Coordinator is to provide all materials, knowledge and expertise for the education and instruction of Superior Ambulance Service (SAS) employees.  Keep abreast with changes in National, State and Local (including Medical Control Authorities) curriculums and requirements, rules and regulations and patient protocol changes and update these changes as needed to keep employees current.  Ensure adult education techniques are being utilized.  Work directly with the Medical Director, Director of Education and Critical Care Coordinator in the development of orientation and continuing education for all SAS employees.  Job Requirements: Certification/Licenses required to sponsor, proctor and instruct provider courses, i.e. EMT-B, Paramedic, BLS (CPR), ACLS, PHTLS,  CEVO, etc.  Expectation of the Position: Supports the guiding principal & vision by exhibiting the following behavior with employees and providers:  • Excellence & Competence • Communication • Accountability • Responsiveness • Ownership   Essential Duties & Responsibilities:  • Ensure all educational records are accurate and secured but available for review by the appropriate personnel. • Ensure E.M.S. personnel are in compliance with all governing bodies and agencies including, but not limited to, federal, state and local (including Medical Control Authorities) regulations. • Will maintain E.M.S. standards as dictated by affiliated Medical Control Authorities. • Will collaborate with other members of the Superior Ambulance Management team to ensure quality patient care and customer service. • In conjunction with the Superior Ambulance Management team, will participate in inventory control and purchasing, to ensure all products and equipment meet acceptable standards. • In conjunction with the other departments, develop, design, implement and enforce policies and procedures necessary to meet and maintain the required standards. • Is responsible for keeping current in issues related to E.M.S. and patient care. • Will be responsible for providing oversight for OSHA compliance, including fit testing, immunizations and annual required education.  This will also include implementation of any and all programs as determined by the Risk Manager and the Superior Ambulance Occupational Medical Director. • Will review and take action on any incidents concerning possible violation of current standards of care as directed by the Regional Director. • Will act as a role model for all personnel through being knowledgeable in the industry and about the company, being consistent in daily management of activities and for following all policies and procedures as set forth by Superior Ambulance. • Will be responsible for the direction of the public education and community-based programs. • Will provide appropriate direction for developing courses for profit within the Education Department, as well as continuing the in-service programs for our contracted accounts. • Will be responsible for the development and implementation of programs expanding the scope of practice in our field. • Will operate Educational Services within the budgetary constraints assigned and demonstrate fiscal responsibility at all times. • Will establish professional and personal goals; identify strengths and areas of needed improvement through self-evaluation. • Will be responsible for all other reasonable duties or responsibilities as delegated or assigned by the Regional Director. • Will ensure all personnel receive the proper education necessary to perform their jobs.  Employees will be educated on all policies and procedures and assist in monitoring  that they are followed and enforced according to the handbook and standard operating policies. • Will work with the Superior Ambulance Management Team to develop and enforce policies, training and general communications. • Will keep current on E.M.S. standards and other industry related standards and issues. • Will display a positive and friendly attitude. • Will maintain an open, communicative atmosphere where ideas, opinions and feelings of others are valued and respected. • Will be responsible for ensuring quality and comprehensive educational programs are in place and functioning properly, from new hire orientation through continuing education.  Setup, Schedule and apply for necessary courses for continuing education for Superior Ambulance Service employees.  Record, submit and distribute completion cards as required.   Develop curriculum, Setup course, Schedule and apply for course approval from the State for EMT-B, EMT-I or EMT-Paramedic.    Record and submit all required documentation of completion for State approved courses.  Communicate with CPR Coordinator for upcoming CPR classes involving the general public, hospitals, nursing homes or other agencies using Superior Ambulance Service’s education department.   Provide continuing education for Superior Ambulance Service employees as required by the State.  Provide accurate and complete reports to accrediting agencies, i.e., Department of Labor, Department of Veterans Affairs, DHS EMS Certification Department, AHA, ASHI, NAEMT, etc.  Provide mentoring/remediation for employees.  Provide orientation for new employees  Arrange or assist with applications for certification or reciprocity from state agencies.  General housekeeping   Ordering supplies, books, certification cards and other necessary equipment for classroom operations.  Qualifications:    • Bachelors Degree required. • Must maintain Michigan EMT-P or RN License. • Possess 3 or more years of Health Management experience. • Strong verbal and written communication and analytical skills necessary. • Experience with creating and maintaining an operational budget. • Basic computer knowledge including PowerPoint and Word Programs. • Instructor certifications preferred  • Must have basic math ability coupled with good analytical and process abilities. • Must be able to handle multiple assignments concurrently with strong attention to detail. • Must demonstrate strong time management skills as evidenced by the ability to prioritize tasks and complete assignments within an appropriate time frame
2700:licence-needed supervising-job	POSITION SUMMARY  Supervises the day-to-day coordination and delivery of skilled nursing services and performs related divisional teaching/visit duties to ensure the highest quality of care.  Directly assists in the supervision of Administrative Assistant and (IH LPN & RN) Field Staff.  The following statements describe the principal activities of this position identified and shall not be construed as a detailed exposition of all the duties that may be inherent in this position.    ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBLITIES:    •Provides assistance in the development and implementation of the client’s plan of care.  •Review and document state and company paperwork, in compliance with current policies.  •Perform data entry and have efficient computer skills.  •Provides communication with ancillary departments, clients, nurses, physicians and family.  •Participates in education, quality assessment activities, and other staff meetings as requested.  •Performs client visits as needed with authorization by DSDS, in accordance with the physician’s treatment plan, individual plan of care, or as authorized by the client’s payor’s source.  •Observes documents and timely reports any changes in the client’s condition to the appropriate personnel and/or physician.  •Provides ongoing instruction and education of client’s health care plan to family and or other health team personnel.  •Follows established departmental policies, procedures, and objectives.   •Perform client visits as needed with authorization by DSDS, which may include but are not limited to routine nurse visits, reassessments and Advanced Personal Care (APC) training and visits.  •Prepares and submits timely written documentation as required by policy.  •May provide staff training to include APC Certification, appropriate follow-up and in-service presentation.   •Supports supervision, instruction, development, and counseling and performance evaluation of field personnel, including documentation of such activities.  •Ensures that delivery of In-Home Services is delivered in compliance with company/state policies.  •Performs other job-related duties as assigned by Supervisor.    POSITION REQUIREMENTS/QUALIFICATIONS:  Education:   •Graduation from an approved School of Practical/Vocational Nursing and current state Registered Nurse license.  •Six (6) months experience as a practical/vocational nurse in a hospital, nursing home or home care setting within the last three (3) years is preferred. Must have previous office experience.    KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES:  •Knowledge of patient evaluation and triage procedures  •Ability to provide care to patients at remote locations and demonstrate good nursing judgment with minimum supervision.  •Ability to deal effectively with clients, physicians, families and co-workers.  •Ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing.  •Must work well in a fast-paced environment and adapt quickly to changing conditions.
2704:salary supervising-job 1-year-experience-needed	Description:  Serves the public and promotes good customer relations.  Sells products and services to meet the Bank's objectives and provides all types of customer service in conformance with established Bank policies and procedures.  Acts as the branch 3rd person.  Assists and provides backup to Branch Manager and Assistant Branch Manager. Supervises and schedules the daily activities of the Branch as needed.  Assists tellers with customer transactions; assists in the training and development of new staff; introduces and orents the staff to new products, services, procedures, etc. May open and/or close the Branch as needed or scheduled.  Identifies and actively follows up on customer sales opportunities in line with established targets. Candidates must be friendly, energetic, outgoing and willing to sell our products and services to prospective as well as current customers; must be willing to work extended and weekend hours.    Position Requirements:  High School Diploma or equivalent with at least one year experience as a teller/financial services representative with demonstrated supervisory ability.  Strong organizational, communication, customer service and interpersonal skills are required. Must be willin to work extended or weekend hours.  Must be willing to attend training as necessary.    Benefits:  Full Time Benefits include Health, Dental, Vision, 401K, EAP, Incentive Plan, etc.    Salary is based on experience.    If you are interested in learning more about Southbridge Savings Bank employment opportunities, please visit www.example.com.    Southbridge Savings Bank is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and a drug-free company. Pre-employment drug tests are required.
2713:2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job supervising-job	Homestead Self Storage, the premier privately-owned storage company in Montana, is seeking a full-time Assistant Store Manager.   Summary  This highly organized and self-motivated individual must support the store manager by demonstrating top-notch communication and customer service skills, maintaining the facility, and completing other duties as assigned to ensure efficient day-to-day operations.   Essential Duties   • Provide excellent phone sales and service to prospective and current customers  • Maintain friendly, courteous relations with all customers, potential customers, vendors,                    and employees   • Maintain all buildings, offices, and equipment assigned with a high standard of                    cleanliness and good repair  • Make daily bank deposits  • Must be an outgoing individual who is comfortable speaking to people on the phone                    and be able to invoke enthusiasm and trustworthiness when meeting customers  • Must have the skills, knowledge, and ability to keep all lines of communication open                    with customers, the corporate office, and the community at large, even in difficult                    situations  Qualifications  Requires a minimum of (2) years’ experience in sales or customer service or property management fields with at least (1) year management experience preferred. Experience in service industries, hospitality, or real estate is considered a plus. Applicant must possess a high school diploma or general education degree (GED).  Other Skills: This position requires a high-energy, organized, self-directed individual who relates to the public in a friendly manner. Strong customer service and communication skills are a must.  Physical Demands: The employee must be able to perform physical tasks, including lifting objects weighing at least 50 pounds and performing normal duties such as continual twisting, reaching, bending, and hand movements. The employee must possess the senses of hearing and sight, including close vision, distance vision, and peripheral vision. The applicant must also have excellent oral and written communication skills in English, demonstrating excellent grammar skills and a good understanding of business writing formats.   Compensation:  Governed by experience
2722:supervising-job bs-degree-needed	Position: SAT Prep School Director     SAT Prep School based in Los Angeles is looking for distinguished candidates for the position of Director. The Director will be in charge of delegating to staff and teachers as well as marketing and advertising initiatives.      ·         Requirements:         BA (Education Majors and IVY LEAGUE are strongly desirable.  §  Experience in teaching at  a Prep or Afterschool setting  §  Bilingual (Korean or Chinese) Proficient in English  §  Professional decorum, familiarity with MS Word, Excel, Google Drive, and understanding of position and its’ responsibilities.     Compensation based on experience and qualifications     Candidates may be asked for GPA and SAT scores
2736:associate-needed part-time-job supervising-job hourly-wage	The Community College Foundation Tutoring Program is currently seeking part-time tutors for K-12 in the Palo Alto/East Palo Alto area.  Tutoring program: Under the direction of the Area Manager of Tutoring, Tutors have the responsibility for assisting with the Tutoring Program's educational, assessment and tutoring components. The Tutoring Program serves students K-12 from diverse backgrounds . The goal of the program is to provide a positive mentoring educational environment which allows for academic success. Tutors will provide services to youth both in-home and at designated sites (public libraries, group homes, public locales) in one on one sessions with youth K-12.  Essential Education Requirements - Minimum AA Degree completed with a minimum of 2.5 GPA (a transcript copy will be required).  Mandatory Qualifications - Must have own transportation, valid driver’s license, and willingness to travel in the specific areas being served. - Must have regular access to a computer and the Internet. - Must possess the ability to provide positive role modeling for youth. - Employment is contingent on passing a Department of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investigation fingerprint background check and obtaining a passing Tuberculosis (TB) Test. - Experience supervising staff and/or volunteers. - Strong ability to work independently, self-start and organize multiple tasks. - Previous experience tutoring or working with youth.  Responsibilities - Provide one-on-one tutoring, up to four (4) youth at a time, in the home or local library. - Administer assessments of math and reading skills for each student. -Track student session attendance by utilizing company forms and database. Develop student learning plans and progress reports. - Be prompt and prepared in attending all scheduled tutoring sessions. - Recruit students at local district provider fairs, as assigned. - Participate in staff meetings and trainings as required.  Preferred Abilities - Ability to assess educational skills of youth; Overall wealth of knowledge across academic subjects - Communicate effectively in English: written or verbal - Build rapport with youth and caregivers - Bilingual/Spanish highly preferred  Salary - $15 - $18 DOE
2747:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	The Lead Electronics Test Engineer demonstrates proficiency in communicating business goals, programs and processes for the Test Engineer Team. The Lead Test Engineer will apply technical, communications and leadership skills to support time critical needs for component testing of current and legacy commercial UPS systems and associated systems, including electronic and mechanical component refurbishment and acceptance testing, failure analysis and component replacement.  _Responsibilities_  * Develop system verification and validation (V&V) test requirements to insure products meet system specification * Perform and evaluate V&V tests of electronic and electro-mechanical components. * Testing to support component failure analysis including report generation * Support documentation, analysis and resolution of conditions adverse to quality for multiple vendor commercial UPS systems * Testing to support equivalent replacement for discontinued components * Generate and verify test documentation * Establish and maintain productive working relationships with test engineering team members * Interface with inventory, technical, and operations team members to ensure smooth workflow and quick resolution to issues affecting production  _Requirements_  * Bachelor’s Degree in Electrical Engineering or related Electrical Engineering Experience * Minimum 3 years of experience developing and performing testing of complex control systems * Minimum 1 year experience with digital and analog electronic circuit testing * Minimum 1 year of experience in all steps of the test life cycle * Minimum of 1 year of experience with digital and analog electronic circuit testing of components including printed circuit board layout techniques * Minimum of 1 year of experience with lab tools and test equipment
2773:supervising-job licence-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	We are a highly innovative Outpatient Surgical Center seeking an experienced Charge Nurse to join our team.    * Minimum of 2 years Management * Daily Operations of growing Surgery Center * Hands-On Working Supervisor experienced in Pre-Op,PACU, & Circulating * Oversight of all Medicare/AAAHC Standards of Protocols and Compliance * Vendor Relations, purchasing, and inventory oversight * GYN/LSC/HSC experience a plus  
2784:supervising-job full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Manufacturing001  *The hours for this position are 4pm-4am, 4 days a week.*  Our client is looking for a Metal Finishing Manager needed to run a barrel CAD and zinc line.  MUST HAVE AIR CRAFT AND/OR SCREW/FASTENER EXPERIENCE. MUST HAVE CADMIUM, ZINC AND PASSIVATE EXPERIENCE. MUST HAVE EXPERIENCE WITH BARREL PLATING. MUST HAVE 5 YEARS PLATING EXPERIENCE. MUST HAVE 3 - 5 YEARS MANAGEMENT OR SUPERVISORY EXPERIENCE.  Must have Haz-Waste, Haz-Com, and Haz-Wopper experience. Must be a good leader and capable of training others. Need to be able to lift 50 lbs. repeatedly. Need to know your way around a set of tools. Trouble shooting skills required.  Contract to hire. Salary will be based on experience.  Will relocate the right candidate.
2788:full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed associate-needed supervising-job	Brookstone, one of the nation's most exciting specialty retailers known for its unique, high quality, innovative products and gift ideas, is currently searching for proven retail professionals to share in our success. We are currently accepting applications for a full-time store sales manager in our Akron, market.    PRIMARY FUNCTION:   Sales floor leadership promoting a sales culture to build productivity. Prepare for future growth through hiring and developing great people. Provide leadership to achieve or exceed budgeted sales and payroll, and manage profit and loss (P&L). Effectively manage store operations, inventory levels and visual merchandising standards. Ensure all internal and external customers receive exemplary customer service and receive a positive store/brand experience. Ensure sales associates build relationships with customers though prodigy leads. Accountable for all aspects of the store.    ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:  Ensure store meets or exceeds sales and contest goals; meet payroll goals based on current trends.  Prioritize, plan and adjust schedules and daily agendas to meet business goals. Hold team accountable to achieving goals.  Recruit, interview, and select qualified candidates to build a talent pipeline to achieve current and future business goals.  Train and motivate all associates through on-going programs in sales, customer service and product knowledge.  Develop management team to assume increased levels of responsibility.  Assess performance and provide on-going feedback; complete and deliver performance appraisals and development plans.  Ensure team provides an exceptional customer experience in the store to achieve service standards.  Maintain presence through effective sales floor management and ensure staff coverage in all areas of the store as needed.  Establish and maintain a safe work environment and ensure ongoing safety training and awareness.  Ensure store standards are met and maintained, i.e., visuals, cleanliness, signage, safety, etc.  Manage store operating procedures, i.e., inventory levels and cash control to minimize store losses.  Responsible for ensuring the store meets Brookstone guidelines in opening and closing.  Ensure associates comply with all Brookstone policies and procedures.  Create and maintain an environment where all associates are treated fairly and with dignity and respect.  Monitor assets through accurate inventory management procedures.  Work with District Managers and peers to develop best practices in store management.    SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE:  4 + years management experience in specialty retail and/or multi-unit retail business environment.  Proven ability to manage staff to exceed sales goals, while meeting payroll goals.  Proven ability to identify top talent, create teams, and train/develop/retain great people.  Proven ability to think through complex issues, and allocate time to execute multiple tasks and changing priorities.  Effective communication, organization and leadership skills.  Proven ability to motivate and influence others through personal actions and examples.  Proven ability to achieve results both independently and through others by fostering a spirit of teamwork and cooperation.  Proven ability to develop strategies and execute successfully.    EDUCATION:  College degree preferred or equivalent job experience.     To learn more about our people, culture, product and opportunity for advancement, visit us at www.example.com and get excited about the opportunity to improve your own history of growth     Thank you for your interest in Brookstone!   
2790:salary licence-needed supervising-job	*Job Description:* • Observes, assesses and reports resident condition/changes, and documentation. • Assists in collection of data relevant to resident assessment and evaluation. • Consults with RN regarding changes in resident =s condition. • Receives, transcribes, and executes physicians = orders. • Assures implementation of care plans as directed. • Administers medications as prescribed. • Oversees/monitors functions and activities of subordinate staff. • Participates in assigning duties for subordinate staff. • Investigates/documents accidents and incidents. • Identifies/secures equipment and supplies. • Contributes to assurance of resident care consistent with accepted standards of care and established policy and procedure. • Must be able to perform moderate to heavy lifting. • Must be able to walk and stand for extended periods of time. • Evaluates staff performance and may initiate appropriate action.   *Other Functions:* • Encourages safety to prevent accidents. • Assures equipment safety. • Other duties as assigned by supervisor.   Dimensions and Scope: Incumbent(s) • Functions within the constraints of established policy and procedure consistent with accepted nursing standards. • Is assigned responsibility/authority for decisions relating to nursing services, assigned supervisory duties and related tasks; but may consult with nurse supervisor, director of nursing, administrator, nurse consultants, or other nursing professionals, or other resources. • Professional contacts are primarily with facility management and staff, other medical professionals, or other resources.   Qualifications/Experience/Requirements: • Graduation from an accredited nursing school and a current, valid license or registration (LPN/LVN) in the state where employed are required. • Nursing experience in a long-term care facility is preferred. • Supervisory experience is desirable. • Effective communication and interpersonal skills are necessary. • Functional literacy in English is required.  We offer a competitive salary and benefits are available.   *If you are a person dedicated to providing quality care, please apply in person or click \"Apply Now\" to submit your resume.*  Seven Oaks Nursing and Rehabilitation LLC 901 Seven Oaks Road  Bonham, TX 75418  Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer
2794:supervising-job salary	G Street Food, founded in 2009 in Washington, DC, is a fast-casual restaurant, bakery, and café with two locations and third location scheduled to open this Summer.  We specialize in made-from scratch, homemade cuisine.  Coupled with on-site bakery that bakes fresh artisan breads daily, G Street Food creates delicious, healthy, and unique menu items that set the restaurant apart from the competition.  From 2010 to 2013, G Street Food has been selected by The Washington Post as one of the Best Sandwich Shops in the DC Metro area.  In 2012, G Street Food was again selected by The Washington Post as one of the Best Weekday Breakfast restaurants in the DC Metro area.  Currently, G Street Food is looking for a Catering Manager that will oversee the entire catering operation for all three locations and more in the near future.  Primary Duties and Responsibilities: - Establish strategy and goals for monthly sales targets - Improve catering sales and create long-term business relationships with clients and the community - Identity unfamiliar segments of the market for additional sales opportunities - Assist in development of marketing materials, events, and promotions - Assist in development and maintenance of catering menu - Plan menus, orders, deliveries and payment methods with customers.  Communicate with kitchen staff and managers to arrange production and delivery - Create and maintain Client Database.  Maintain good relationships with customers by sending thank you letters, birthday cards, etc. - Resolve complaints and problems through proper communication and customer service.  Qualifications: - Must be outgoing, energetic, and value customer satisfaction - Must be able to set goals and expedite the achievement of set goals - Must possess good business ethics representational of G Street Food and its corporate image - Strong verbal and written communication skills - Detail oriented with ability to meet to set schedules and deadlines - Must possess proven sales/track record - Must be proficient in MS Word, Excel, and Outlook - Must have valid drivers license and clean driving record.  Compensation: - Base Salary: Highly competitive / negotiable / commensurate with experience - Commission: Highly competitive / negotiable - Paid time off - vacation days, personal leave, etc. - Dining allowance - Ongoing training and development - Mileage / gas expense reimbursement
2809:supervising-job licence-needed	We are seeking for an experienced Director of Nursing for a 99 bed Skilled Nursing Facility in North Hollywood.  Supervisory experience is a must. Possesses strong interpersonal skills, including communication with supervisors, other staff and managers in the facility, vendors, and effective communication with residents and family members.   Establish and maintain communication with patients, family members and other responsible for payment for patient care services. Demonstrates honesty and integrity at all times in the care and use of resident an facility property. Knowledge of state Federal regs. Ongoing interaction with facility staff, administration, vendors and government agencies. Effective user of technology, including personal computer and software applications in job functions. Examples include Microsoft Outlook, Email, Work, Excel, Internet.  Experience in Mental Health is a +.    Please email your resume.
2811:salary supervising-job	Practice Manager - Virginia (near Washington DC).  Great opportunity to manage the operation of a 28 person IVF Center.  Very successful organization looking for an experienced practice manager hopefully with IVF experience.  Some very cool responsibilities for example, in addition to day to day management and budget, will be working with contractors and architects on new space, opening a satellite office (experience with construction projects very helpful), marketing and advertising.  Salary $120-$150K plus solid benefit package including relocation.  Please call  XXX  X1.
2813:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	ATR International is experiencing growth nationwide, and thus we are currently looking to expand our *Charlotte Office* with an experienced Senior IT/Technical Recruiter. This position will be part of a dedicated team, supporting a national account.  The ideal candidate will possess a proven and successful background in the IT consulting services industry and will have at least 5 years of experience in the recruitment and qualification of a wide range of technology professionals in the *Charlotte/Raleigh/Winston-Salem (North Carolina) markets* using a variety of tools such as professional networking, various job boards, database searches, attending job fairs, social networking, cold calling, etc.  *Core job responsibilities include:* * Source candidates using internal database, various Internet sites, schools, job fairs, outplacement firms and other methods as needed to fill job orders. * Review resumes and evaluate applicants through interview and selection processes to reveal job skills, work history, education, training and compensation needs. * Perform reference checks, employment verifications, background investigations, and drug tests on applicants as needed. * Schedule interviews and negotiate pay rates for candidates selected for hire. * Perform regular follow-up with hired candidates. * Document ongoing activity in various databases and in applicant tracking systems. * Develop and maintain positive relationships with clients, employees and applicants. * Other duties as assigned.   *Requirements for the position:*  * The ideal candidate must be results oriented, entrepreneurial minded and a team player, with a professional image and demeanor.  * Bachelor Degree in industry-related field (equivalent industry experience will be considered).  * 5 + years of experience in the recruitment and qualification of a wide range of technology professionals. Preferably, experience will be in the Charlotte/Raleigh/Winston-Salem (North Carolina) markets. * Familiarity with online recruiting and networking tools.  * Ability to use regular office equipment.  * Excellent communication skills, both oral and written. * Excellent organizational skills.  ATR International provides a competitive compensation package and a generous benefits package including 401K, and 100% paid for medical benefits.
2827:supervising-job salary 5-plus-years-experience-needed	MISC Products, Inc. is a small, privately owned company, specializing in the manufacturing of automotive, interior, soft trim components.  We are seeking a qualified individual to assume the Quality Engineering responsibilities.  Overview:  The Quality Manager position is located at MISC Products, Inc. in Macomb, MI.  Summary of Position with General Responsibilities:  This position performs various tasks directly related to the quality control of product manufacturing.  This includes creative problem solving of production quality issues, customer and supplier quality control, APQP support for new products, and maintaining/updating the Quality Management System, as needed.  Typical processes include industrial sewing, light assembly, ultrasonic welding, hot strip cutting, etc.  The essential job functions of this position include:  • Respond to quality concerns, both internal and external, and lead the corrective action process o Candidates must demonstrate strong problem solving skills – both corrective and preventative • Develop/revise quality standards for new programs, corrective actions, and engineering changes o Create and maintain controlled documentation used for manufacturing • Participate in continuous improvement initiatives to improve quality and reduce waste • Complete PPAP related tasks in support of new product launches • Create/update Control Plans and FMEAs for new programs, corrective actions due to quality concerns, and engineering changes. • Statistical Process Control (SPC) – Monitor Cpk/Ppk values and lead team in efforts to improve process capability  • Participate as core team member of the APQP process for new product launches and/or changes • Read and interpret engineering drawings and specifications • Writing machine/process set-up documents • Maintain and update quality records for trend analysis • Responsible for maintaining and updating any quality documentation needed by TS16949  • Implement Quality Manual procedures and recommend updates, as necessary • Perform Internal or Suppler Quality System Audits  To be considered for this position, you should have the following education and skills: • Minimum 5+ years quality engineering experience, including TS16949 (automotive interior experience preferred) • Working knowledge of the automotive core tools: PPAP, APQP, Control Plans, FMEA, SPC, etc • Skilled Mac/PC user; familiar with Word and Excel.  Database experience, preferred  Salary range from $65,000 to $85,000, based on education and experience.  Excellent company paid health, life, and retirement (401K) benefits.  To apply, please email cover letter, resume, and salary requirements.  Include “2014 Quality Manager Application“ in the subject line. Only candidates providing this information will be considered.  Equal Opportunity Employer Principals Only. No agencies or third-party recruiters, please.
2828:bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	This position will office out of our Las Colinas, Texas location.  Headquartered in Las Colinas, Texas, FleetPride is the nation’s largest independent distributor of heavy-duty truck and trailer replacement parts, with 248 branches spanning the country. FleetPride also sponsors a nationwide network of over 240 repair and maintenance facilities known as FleetCare Truck Service Centers. We employ over 2,900 experienced parts and service professionals across all of our business disciplines.  Formed in 1999, FleetPride has earned a solid and loyal customer base across several markets by providing outstanding customer service and real value. Our customers include fleets and operators from large corporations, local businesses and municipalities. We serve many industries such as freight, shipping, leasing services, agricultural, food and beverage, construction, waste management and many others.  *Description*: Provide strategic and operational HR consultation and support for the Sales organization. Consult with SVP Sales and Regional Sales leadership to develop and deliver customized solutions for critical business needs including talent strategies, specific staffing needs, employee and leadership development programs and training initiatives.  Lead the organization through culture change efforts through organizational development, cultural and process-oriented perspectives. Act as a liaison between the business and corporate HR on key initiatives such as pay and incentive programs, retention strategies, and recruiting efforts.   Supports implementation of corporate policies related to human resources activities and issues. Consult with employees and management, to resolve employee relations issues using a systematic approach.  Deliver all HR related programs including annual performance review process, compensation programs, talent management, and training.  *Education*:  Bachelor's degree or equivalent.   *Experience*:  Minimum 5-8 years related experience preferred.   Key skills and abilities required to be successful in this role include: • Ability to build strong relationships across the organization and influence leadership at the executive level • Ability to multi-task and handle complex employee relations matters with minimum supervision and with excellent follow up. • Comfort in dealing with ambiguous and ever-changing situations. • Ability to work in a start-up organization with a fast paced environment. • Provide consultative services and develop strategic solutions. • Process development, implementation, evaluation, and adjustment • Problem solving through data analysis, strong analytical ability. • Solid understanding of company HR processes and procedures, with an ability to develop creative solutions within those boundaries. • Presentation skills (one-on-one and large groups)  • Strong communication ability (up, down and laterally) – both verbal and written • Ideal candidate will have experience consulting with Sales Organizations. • Must be able to travel, 25%-35% of time. • PHR or SPHR preferred • Bilingual (Spanish) a plus
2835:supervising-job hourly-wage	We are looking for working Electrical Foremen and Electrician Apprentices to start immediately on a local elementary school in Chase City, VA!   All Electricians must have experience to apply!  Foreman MUST be able to run crews, read blueprints, do layouts, and be comfortable being a WORKING FOREMAN.  Apprentices MUST be able to run pipe, bend conduit, pull wire, etc   Pay will be $15 per hr for Apprentices and $20 per hr for Foremen. Monday - Friday   TO APPLY:                   Call Sabrina at  XXX  ext. 104 or reply to this ad.   Call Today, Start Tomorrow!
2836:supervising-job	POSITION SUMMARY Responsibilities :  • Overall clinical and financial operations of the Home Health Branch Establish and evaluate goals/objectives for home health services  Promote high standards of quality clinical care and sound financial success • Meet growth and development targets, both clinically and financially, at the branch level.  • Manage all expenditures in a fiscally responsible manner in accordance with the Company’s budget.  • Responsible for the employment of qualified home health personnel  • Establish and maintain standards of high quality care and customer service in compliance with federal and state regulations and guidelines.  Other Duties :   • Demonstrate the company Mission – Vision – Values through both behavior and job performance on a day-to-day basis.    • Take action, make decisions and shape teams or group priorities to achieve branch clinical and operational goals.   • Manage the operations of Branch Staff in achievement of identified clinical and operational goals.   • Ensure effective and ongoing training of team members, evaluates and records individual and team performance  • Establishe criteria and/or work procedures to achieve a high level of quality, productivity or service.   • Maintain full responsibility of the overall functions of the financials areas and cost controls, adhere to financial and accounting policies and procedures and manage expenditures in a fiscally responsible manner   • Adhere to all standardized procedures; ensure compliance with local, state and federal laws, Medicare regulations and the Company’s policies and procedures   • Guide the setting of specific and measurable team goals and objectives. Help to clarify roles and responsibilities of team members; helps ensure that necessary steering, review or support functions are in place.   •  Work closely with site leadership on supervision, development and direction of employees in accordance with policies, procedures and guidelines   • Work with Sales Leadership to develop approaches that best position products, services or ideas in the marketplace.   • Work with regional and program leadership to develop and implement comprehensive business development plans for the branch   • Organize information and data to identify/explain major trends, problems and causes; compare and combine information to identify underlying issues. indentify the key tasks and resources needed to achieve objectives.   • Ensure strategies are carried out; monitors results and makes adjustments as needed.
2843:supervising-job	*Position Overview* As a key member of the state leadership team, the State Program Manager is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Senior Community Services Employment Program (SCSEP) and other EW programs for (WY). Responsible for successfully developing and implementing the state plan, delivering excellent customer service to SCSEP participants and other key stakeholders, and achieving all performance goals.  The position reports directly to the Assistant Director or Program Operations.   *Essential Duties and Responsibilities* • Leads the state’s program operations, serving as a role model that demonstrates a commitment to the mission and values of Experience Works. • Develops and successfully implements the state plan within the context of EW’s strategic planning process. • Guides the achievement of all performance goals in the state in a manner that conforms with EW values and policies, and relevant laws, regulations and guidance.  • Engages state program operations staff in a positive manner and holds staff accountable for outcomes, and EW values, policies and methods. • Hires, develops, coaches and manages state program staff to deliver high-quality program services. • Routinely monitors progress in achieving the state plan and performance goals, providing staff coaching and program interventions when appropriate. • Ensures excellent customer service to participants and other key stakeholders.  • Builds relationships with key stakeholders (e.g., employers, host agencies, employer networks, public officials and their staffs, press, community organizations) and promotes Experience Works visibility at the state and local levels. • Supports ETCs in developing and successfully implementing their territory plan in the context of EW strategic planning process and the state plan. • Collaborates with other departments and leads state staff in a manner that strengthens cohesion with Experience Works.  • Ensures that program operations are fully compliant with laws, regulations, guidance and contracts. • Implements EW’s continuous improvements processes and methodologies to ensure high-quality, cost-effective service delivery.  • Works with the Assistant Director for Program Operations and other National staff to prepare proposals in the state and take advantage of new business opportunities.  • Identifies opportunities for expanded services and supports efforts to grow EW’s revenues. • Provides additional support as requested.    *Essential Qualities, Skills, and Competencies*  • Shares the philosophy expressed by the Experience Works’ mission and leads in a manner that motives others.  • A minimum of three years of management experience; experience with remote management is a plus.   • Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to cultivate new relationships and work in a collaborative manner. • Demonstrated ability to develop, motivate and manage staff. • Demonstrated experience in achieving performance goals and objectives.   • Strong analytical skills, ability to prepare and use budgets, comfortable making data-based decisions. • Demonstrated experience developing, implementing and monitoring plans and continuous improvement processes. • Strong oral and written communications skills.  • Knowledge of aging and workforce programs.  • Proficient in Microsoft Office applications. • Must work from Experience Works’ state office.  • Willingness to travel. • Bi-lingual is a plus.  Experience Works is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is dedicated to these principles. We value and welcome diversity in the workplace and encourage all minorities, women, veterans, and persons with disabilities to apply.   To apply for the WY Operation State Program Manager qualified candidates should submit a cover letter and resume by March 28, 2014.1
2856:supervising-job licence-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	We seek a well-educated, compassionate and energetic candidate for our open position as a Clinic Director.   Flexeon is a growing organization that offers great career growth potential.  Flexeon offers long-term career opportunities to top-quality people who are eager to elevate their abilities through continuing education. Each year, we sponsor clinicians in a variety of advanced education courses that allow them to hone specialized skills and to receive valued certifications from organizations such as Ola Grimsby Institute, North American Institute, Matheson FCE certification, among many others.  We also conduct community outreach programs, in which our professionals deliver a variety of lectures and seminars.  Make no mistake, Flexeon will challenge you to rise to even higher levels of expertise. And we will reward you accordingly with great benefits and compensation programs.   Basic Function:   The Clinic Director will administer medically-prescribed physical therapy techniques in both general rehab and orthopedic settings. He or she will provide quality patient care; perform evaluations, treatment planning, patient treatment, and reassessments as a primary responsibility.  The scope of work includes planning, organizing and conducting treatment programs, evaluating their effectiveness, and interpreting and documenting patients’ progress. The Clinic Director will be assisted in their duties with licensed and trained Flexeon PT’s, PTA’s and ATC’s. The Clinic Director will assist in various administrative duties as necessary.     Primary Responsibilites: • Manages all Clinical staff schedules, time off request, coordinates coverage between therapists ensuring adequate personnel for daily operations. • Manages all Aides in regards to daily performance and closing duties. • Runs inventory on and replenishes clinical supplies. • Orders Clinical supplies and inspects that all equipment is in good working order. • Collect time sheets from clinicians, Aides and FD staff and prepares for payroll. • Runs monthly staff meetings and educational in-services. • Conducts performance reviews with all clinical staff and Aides. • Enforces all applicable company policy.  • Will report all clinical training needs to VP of Clinical Affairs for improving patient care management.    Minimum Qualifications: • MPT  • State Physical Therapy License • 3-5 years experience as a Physical Therapist (outpatient preferred)   Preferences: • Bi-lingual Spanish or Polish • 1-2 years managerial experience preferred but not required  Physical Demands: The Clinic Director will be expected on occasion to perform general Physical Therapist tasks which require standing for extended periods of time.  Lifting, carrying, and moving exercise equipment up to 25 lbs.  Assisting patients by lifting, pushing, and pulling them onto various surfaces.  The Clinic Director will also perform administrative tasks that require sitting, fine motor skills, and good close-up vision.   Work Environment: The Clinic Director will work in a clinic setting with bright lighting and minimal noise, and possible exposure to bodily fluids and blood borne pathogens.   This job description is not intended to be all inclusive, and employees shall perform other duties as appropriate.  Flexeon Rehabilitation reserves the right to change job duties as the need arises.  This job description does not constitute a written or implied contract of employment.  Flexeon Rehabilitation is an EOE.
2875:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Synapse Medical Communications LLC is a best-in-class organization dedicated to the design and execution of creative and compelling medical communications initiatives. Guided by unique strategic insight, medical acumen, innovation, and client service, Synapse specializes in a broad range of health care marketing and communication services.  The Senior Digital Producer/Project Manager will have an internal consultative role and oversight of the digital brand activities for their assigned team(s).  *The Senior Digital Producer/Project Manager will:* * Liaise with account services, software development, creative teams, and other internal or external team(s) as needed to become immersed in account activities as they relate to interactive/digital deliverables * Develop an understanding of brand objectives, style guide, and processes * Create or modify business requirement documents and functional specs for projects as needed * Drive the workflow for digital deliverables, create and execute project plans, and ensure that team members are kept well informed and educated on process and any revisions/updates to meet changing needs * Review deliverables prepared by team before passing to client * Ensure project documents are complete, current, and stored appropriately * Utilize excellent judgment to resolve and/or escalate issues in a timely fashion when needed * Maintain awareness of new and emerging technologies and the potential application to client engagements *Key requirements:* * Bachelor’s degree * A minimum of 5 years of experience, preferably in Healthcare/Pharmaceutical Advertising, Medical Education or similar * Proactive and solution-oriented * Excellent written and verbal communication skills * Possess an understanding of application programming, database, and system design * Understands Internet, Intranet, Extranet and client/server architectures * Proficiency in MS Office, MS Project and Project Management applications
2876:bs-degree-needed salary 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	The City of Saratoga is recruiting for the position of    ADMINISTRATIVE ANALYST I    $73,298 to $89,086 annual (adjusted 2.5% as of July 1, 2013)    THE PROCESS  To be considered for this exciting career opportunity, please apply online ONLY through www.example.com and click on member agencies, followed by the City of Saratoga. As part of the online application process, please attach your resume and answers to the required supplemental questionnaire.    Applications will be considered incomplete if the resume and answers to the supplemental questionnaire (see last section below) are not included with the online application.  The application final filing date for this position is Friday, May 10, 2013, at 5:00 p.m.    THE POSITION  This integral position within the City Manager Department is responsible for performing a wide range of complex, technical, administrative, and analytical activities in support of the organization and the operation of the City. This position reports directly to the City Clerk which the incumbent also serves in a Senior Administrative Analyst role within the department and reports directly to the City Manager.    EXAMPLES OF ESSENTIAL WORK (ILLUSTRATIVE ONLY):  1. Facilitates City programs and /or projects, including those related to public outreach and community relations including media relations;  2. Performs media and community relations duties, including preparation of a variety of press releases, responding to local media inquiries, working with public information officers as required, producing community outreach materials, such as event flyers, informational materials, and the City Newsletter – The Saratogan;  3. Conceptualizes, designs, and produces a variety of multimedia outreach materials utilizing Adobe InDesign and Adobe Photoshop software programs;  4. Coordinates City events, such as Arbor Day and grand openings of City projects;  5. Updates City News on the City website, Facebook page, and weekly news and event emails by gathering information about upcoming events and projects;  6. Manages the recording, content and broadcasting of the Saratoga 1610 AM radio;  7. Facilitates the application process for and issues Group Use Permits for City Parks and Special Event Permits for events on City-owned streets and parking lots, and other related event documents;  8. Oversees sustainability projects and works with external stakeholders to remain current on sustainability trends and laws;  9. Assists the department with the preparation of written materials for the City’s annual budget and the Budget-In-Brief document;  10. Represents the City in meetings and serves as liaison with a variety of public agencies, community groups, and organizations;  11. Responds to internal and external inquires, complaints, and requests for assistance by providing information where judgment, knowledge and interpretation are utilized, and confidential information is handled properly;  12. As assigned, serves as liaison to City Commissions including: ensuring that meeting notifications and recordkeeping occurs consistent with applicable State laws, providing professional guidance, issue analysis, and recommendations, making sure the intent of the Commission is not lost after a decision, and that it is conveyed to the City Council in a timely manner, presenting Commission recommendations to the City Council, and maintaining a positive working relationship with the Chair and Commission members;  13. Independently coordinates, participates in, and facilitates community meetings on a variety of topics;  14. Assists with intergovernmental relations, including public policy research and analysis; conducts special research projects, including gathering, compiling, and analyzing information to provide recommendations and alternative courses of action;  15. Coordinates the preparation of a wide variety of reports and presentations to the City Council, Commissions, staff, and outside organizations;  16. May identify grant opportunities, prepare grant proposals, and monitor grant activities to ensure compliance with stipulations and reporting requirements;  17. May prepare and administer contracts for projects and programs;  18. May prepare reports, manuals, bid proposals, requests for proposals, and other documents for special projects, programs, and research;  19. May supervise staff as assigned; and  20. May be required to attend off-hour meetings and performs other duties as assigned.    KNOWLEDGE AND ABILITIES  Knowledge of: Principles, methods, and practices of public administration; Operational characteristics, services, and activities of the City and the City Manager Department, Principles of City government administration, organization, and budget; Principles and practices of program, policy, and procedure evaluation and development; Methods and techniques of data collection, research, report preparation, writing, and presentation; Principles of business letter writing; Principles and practices of state and local legislative process; basic principles of supervision and training; principles and practices of project management, time management, and record keeping; Public relations and customer service techniques; Public speaking techniques; English usage, spelling, grammar, and punctuation; Office procedures, methods, and equipment including computers and applicable software applications; Pertinent federal, state and local laws, codes and regulations including the Brown Act and the Public Records Act; Principles and practices of project management.    Ability to: Perform a wide variety of responsible, complex, and diverse professional duties involving the use of independent judgment and personal initiative; Understand the organization and operation of the City as a whole and outside agencies as necessary to assume assigned responsibilities; Interpret and apply pertinent federal, state, and local laws, codes, and regulations as well as City departmental policies and procedures; Conduct various studies and analyses on a wide variety of issues; Analyze problems, identify alternative solutions, project consequences of proposed actions, and implement recommendations in support of goals; Organize and direct a function, program, or project; Coordinate a variety of tasks and assignments simultaneously; Plan and organize work to meet changing priorities and deadlines; Operate office equipment including computers and supporting applications; Effectively respond to internal and external inquires, complaints, and requests for assistance by providing information where judgment, knowledge and interpretation are utilized, and confidential information is respected and handled properly; Communicate clearly and concisely, both orally and in writing; Prepare a variety of media and community outreach materials; Conceptualize, design, and produce a variety of multimedia outreach materials utilizing supporting software programs; Develop and maintain effective working relationships with the Mayor, City Council, Commissions, staff, other government agencies, business groups, community partners, and the general public; Work independently.    EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATION   Bachelor’s Degree and a minimum of two (2) years of progressively responsible experience in a closely-related position.   The position requires a Valid “Class C” California driver’s license and a satisfactory driving record.  COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS  The City of Saratoga provides an excellent total compensation and benefits package. A summary of benefits may be obtained online at www.example.com  REQUIRED SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONS  Please respond briefly but adequately to fully address each of the following questions. You may draw on applicable experience through your work, education, or volunteering experience.  1. What attributes and characteristics of the position best suit your abilities at this time?  2. What attributes and characteristics of the position would provide you the professional growth opportunity you are seeking?  3. Explain your working relationships and experience interacting with Council Members, Commissioners, and City Managers and/or other high-level policy makers, including any experience coordinating and supporting community groups, such as a Commission.  4. Describe your background writing communications products, reports, and analyses. How you have worked to reach the different audiences through your writing style?  5. Describe your public relations experience, including any experience working directly with the media.  6. Explain your interest level and experience in graphic design, photography, website, and social media. Please note your experience working with Adobe InDesign and/or Adobe Photoshop.  7. Organization and planning is critical to this position as there may be competing priorities and multiple requests from different sources simultaneously. How do you manage your work in order to be effective with your organization and planning?
2880:supervising-job associate-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	If interested, please respond with resume in PDF format attached.  Assistant Property Manager/Business Manager  An Assistant Property Manager reports directly to the Property Manager and is one of company's on-site representatives. The Assistant Property Manager fully supports the Property Manager in all functions of asset management. Assistant Property Managers are responsible for a significant portion of the on-site accounting functions, as well as leasing apartments. This position also fills the role of the person-in-charge when the Property Manager is not present.  Primary Function: Assist in the direction and administration of all operations of the assigned residential/commercial property(s) including the annual business plan (budget); management, marketing and maintenance programs;computer operations;policies and procedures;and human resources in order to achieve maximum profitability and goals consistent with department objectives.  Qualifications,Skills and Experience: Education and experience requirements include either a 4-year BS/BA degree, a 2-year Associates degree combined with a minimum of 1 year direct property management experience, or a 2-year Associates degree with at least 2 years of related business management experience.  Responsibilities: 1. Conduct all business in accordance with company policies/procedures,Fair Housing,American with Disabilities Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, and all other laws pertaining to housing. 2. Assists in the preparation of the annual business plan and short-term and long-range plan in accordance with department policy and procedure consistent with the overall profit and growth objectives of the property. 3. Maintain accurate resident records. Update on a daily basis all rents, deposits, and all charges received from residents and prospects. 4. Update required reports concerning move-out notices, resident activity, etc. on a daily basis and provide information to Property Management. 5. Process all move-ins and move-outs in software. 6. Process all security deposit dispositions, actively pursue all outstanding former resident accounts,and send non-collectible accounts to collections. 7. Performs all duties associated with accounting, rent collections and coordination of the local legal process. 8. Performs all duties associated with month end closing and software procedures. 9. Organize and file all reports, leases and paperwork. 10. Maintain records on all aspects of management activity on a daily, weekly and monthly basis. Submit required reports to corporate office on a weekly and monthly basis. 11. Assists in the preparation and completion of purchase orders and invoices. 12. Performs all duties and responsibilities incumbent upon Marketing Representative. Must be knowledgeable of all phases of leasing and resident retention. 13. Assists in the development and implementation of the creative marketing program to maximize benefits of newspaper advertising, realtor and corporate contacts, and resident referrals. 14. Able to sign all leases and obtains prior approval where necessary in accordance with company policy and procedure. 15. Establishes and maintains resident relations programs. 16. Work with lease renewals each month. 17. Ensure the lease files are complete and that lease paperwork is being executed properly. 18. Supervises personnel either directly or indirectly. 19. Performs human resource administration, when necessary or assigned, for all employees assigned to property in accordance with company policy and procedure, and insures a competent and well trained operational staff at all levels. 20. Assist Property Manager with training of Marketing Representatives. 21. Report all liability and community incidents to the corporate office immediately. Ensure that all workers' compensation claims are reported and proper paperwork is completed. 22. Ensure that buildings and grounds, public areas, roads and parking areas, recreational facilities and laundry rooms are well maintained in accordance with policy and procedure and takes corrective action to eliminate unsatisfactory conditions. 23. Physically inspect community when on grounds, pick-up liter and report any service needs to maintenance staff. Will also inspect move-ins, move-outs, or vacancies when requested. 24. Maintains liaison with community officials to insure mutual goodwill. Follows and tracks relevant local governmental issues affecting property operation such as public hearings and reports it to senior management and corporate office. 25. Conform to company-approved dress code. 26. Performs additional assignments as directed.  Authority: Line position with profit and loss responsibility. Has authority to administer collection and on-site accounting functions as well as rental and marketing programs as directed by company policy and procedures and to make recommendations to Property Manager to increase profitability. Has authority to direct Marketing Representative and Marketing Director in accordance with the company policy and procedures.  Comments: Training on policy and procedures about the company are learned through on-the-job training where less supervision will be required as individual becomes more knowledgeable and proficient in the job. Position requires human relations involvement not only with employees, but also with residents and prospects. Position may require weekend and holiday work. Computer skills required.
2883:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	The SPDA is a hybrid role that supports both the EVP and commercial team in all aspects of project development. They will be responsible for management of all industry research, gathering data, analyzing and providing guidance to the commercial team.   • Represent project developers and VP sales at client meetings, conferences, trade shows and other events as required • Participate in site visits for analysis with engineering and PM as needed • Provide support to Outside Sales force • Utilize internal software to develop initial proposals that maximize economic benefits for commercial, unless directed otherwise • Document support: collect, review, and upload files to applicable customer accounts for deal processing • Deal follow-up: interface with contractor’s to collect remaining paperwork needed to process deals • Research and contact all appropriate utility and agencies to collect requirements for solar projects and permits • Coordinate due diligence process and gather necessary docs for bid responses • Establish initial financial model to be used in customer presentations • Solar market research • Research on companies within a defined market, including customer contact information • Manage special projects and duties as assigned  Essential Qualifications:  • Analytical thinker with proven track record of completing short-term research task under time-sensitive deadlines, while continuing to manage long-term research projects through completion. • Independent, self-starter who is passionate about the solar and energy efficiency industry • At least 2 years in solar and/or energy efficiency industry preferred • Excellent Excel, PowerPoint and communication skills • Experience writing with an eye toward influence (sales/marketing material composition) preferred • 1-3 years minimum administrative support experience required; sales support experience is preferred • Extremely organized with high attention to detail in composing, typing and proofing materials • Excellent oral and written communication skills • Ability to work within deadlines and plan ahead • Self-motivated, personable and professional, with excellent communication skills, sales skills, and technical aptitude • Ability to prioritize, multi-task and follow through to effectively manage work flow and continuously improve the efficiency of the department • Excellent computer skills, particularly with Salesforce.com products, Adobe Acrobat and Microsoft Office: Outlook, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.  • Positive attitude, ability to take initiative and a commitment to being a part of an energetic, fast-paced and enjoyable work environment  Soluxe Energy Soluxe Energy Solutions Company Overview  Soluxe Energy Solutions partners with municipalities, businesses and non-profits to identify integrated energy solutions that lower energy costs, enhance asset value and hedge against energy market fluctuations.    Our expert team works with a diversity of clients to understand and evaluate the complex arena of energy alternatives so they can make intelligent and informed decisions as to the optimal mix of energy efficient technologies to maximize savings and financial returns.  Compensation & Benefits • Compensation is comprised of a base salary plus a commission structure. • Health Benefits are offered after successful completion of 90 days of employment.  Dental offered as optional add on at that time. • Occasional travel within the Tri-State area.
2893:supervising-job 1-year-experience-needed full-time-job salary	A Store Manager is responsible for developing and leading a professional retail sales team to ensure achievement of store revenue targets, operational goals and 100% customer satisfaction. They will supervise the daily operations of a store including hiring, discipline, coaching and scheduling of employees to ensure quality store operations. They will be responsible for all functions of the retail store which include sales transactions, customer service, inventory, reporting requirements and technical troubleshooting. They will maintain internal visual merchandising, in-store displays, and ensure store appearance meets company standards at all times. This position will report to the Area Manager or District Manager, and on an as need basis to the Regional Manager and other Corporate Management.   Education / Experience: Any combination of experience and education that would likely provide the required knowledge and abilities is qualifying.  •High School Diploma or equivalent.  •1+ years of management experience in a retail environment.  Technical (hard) skills:Basic knowledge of computers.  Critical (soft) skills:  •Ability to read and interpret written or verbal documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. •Ability to write and review routine contracts and correspondence.  •Ability to speak professionally and effectively with customers and associates.  •Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, verbal or diagram form.  •Ability to deal customer complaints.   Hours of Work and Supervision: •Full-time (45 hours / week) (40 hours during store business hours). •Sunday – Saturday, with rotating days and hours.  •Minimum of two evenings per week and three Saturday shifts per month.  Compensation, Benefits and Travel:  •Pay – Salaried Position (based on qualifications).  •Eligible to participate in the company’s benefit package first of the month following 30 days of employment.   Apply on line at: www.example.com
2900:supervising-job salary	Founded in 2010, Harmless Harvest is a progressive food & beverage initiative set to demonstrate that ecosystem-based business can out compete the conventional model. By integrating the long term welfare of all its stakeholders - from plant to customer - Harmless Harvest has taken the food and beverage world by storm- rising to the top of the industry in record time.  In 2011, we introduced the world’s first sustainably harvested, 100% raw, organic coconut water and are now one of the leaders of the category nationwide, and will soon launch a pioneering line of raw teas this Summer.  Combining innovative scientific methods with local traditional knowledge such as agroforestry, Harmless Harvest develops and manufactures products that actually deliver the nutritional and ethical integrity that others only promise.  By asserting tangible economic value to threatened ecosystems, Harmless Harvest protects these areas and their traditions.  With a marketing budget of $0, we are quickly elevating expectations for product quality by focusing the resources on the product not the promotion. Having grown exponentially in the last two years, we are consistently seeking to expand our team of passionate, driven entrepreneurs.  www.example.com  ------------ Harmless Harvest is looking for a Human Resources Manager to oversee integral needs of staff. The HR Manager’s scope of responsibility includes talent management, workforce development, benefits, compensation and the administration of policies and procedures relating to Harmless Harvest.   The right candidate will be familiar with managing a young, close-knit, dedicated staff and operating in a dynamic company environment, undergoing exponential growth.  Preference will be given to residents of San Francisco, CA.  Please send us your salary requirements with your initial email.       • Develop and maintain organization of staff by establishing a recruiting, screening, interviewing, and onboarding process.      • Make recommendations on current and future staff; manage individual career paths; conduct and analyze exit interviews; recommend changes.        • Oversee the HR needs of internal and external staff- administer HR policies, ensure planning, monitoring, and appraisal of employee work results; communicate and resolve employee grievances; counsel employees and supervisors; coordinate emergency leave.      • Manage disciplining of staff – administer warnings, schedule management conferences with employees, and oversee termination as necessary.      • Track and direct raises, demotions, and bonuses; create systems for employment history;  translate desires of staff and management alike; provide human resources advice, counsel and decisions to CEOs; recommend, plan, and implement pay structure revisions.      • Coordinate team cohesiveness by creating strong relationships with staff - plan team-building events, increasing communication and employee motivation, and fostering employee morale.      • Assist managers in ensuring seamless engagement and retention of staff.      • Maintain compliance for our Fair Trade certification, edit Employee Handbook and ensure compliance with local laws and employee rights as well as the company’s code of conduct.       • Maintains historical staff records by adequately filing past and current records. Desired Skills & Experience      • Established experience as a Human Resources generalist and documented people-management experience.      • Proven ability to orchestrate the HR needs of staff, while undergoing exponential company growth and structural change.       • Familiarity with multi-state and federal labor laws, as well as international visa application process, independent contractors, and 1099’s.      • Knowledge and experience in developing, leading and implementing HR programs and processes       • Demonstrated people-management skills, strong interpersonal communication capability, effective collaboration and team-building skills.      • Ability to function well in a multi task, fast-paced environment      • Some background in organizing young field staff in a national capacity.      • Interest in building HR systems, negotiating healthcare packages/benefits, and coordinating leave.      • Desire to work with dedicated, driven, round the clock employees, who love their jobs and endeavor to see the company succeed      • Excellent references that can attest to a high level of integrity, work ethic, and experience
2901:hourly-wage 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	We currently have full-time and part-time positions available for an Experienced Seamstress / Sewer / Tailor at Shernett Swaby's Studio in West Town.  Shernett Swaby has quickly become one of Chicago's most sought after designers for couture and ready to wear woman's apparel and is now embarking on an expansion plan that requires an individual who can quickly adapt to the fast paced demands of the market. We are looking for an individual who will be Shernett's second in command in the production studio and who can grow with the company.  Although it is not required to apply for this job, a candidate who demonstrates a superior attention to detail, a proficiency and efficiency with the tools of the trade to produce high quality product in a timely manner and the ability to work independently with little direction would also be considered for a managerial position.  Job Description:  Responsible for manufacturing wholesale and retail orders of women's apparel. Tasks include but not limited to:  · Cutting · Sewing · Alterations · Pressing  Qualifications:  1. Must have 5 or more years experience as a seamstress. 2. Must have experience working with industrial machines. 3. Must be able to communicate in English 4. Pattern making and grading knowledge is a plus.  Compensation: $15 / hour. Negotiable if candidate demonstrates superior expertise and skill. Manager opportunity if efforts impact the growth of the company  Feel free to take a look at Shernett's designs and quality: www.example.com www.example.com
2904:bs-degree-needed hourly-wage supervising-job full-time-job	Registered Dietitian / Clinical Nutritionist Healthcare Services Group, Inc. is currently aggressively seeking REGISTERED DIETITIANS and/or CLINICAL NUTRITIONISTS for the New Mexico area. Traveling is part of the requirement for this position and must be considered when applying. Travel costs are considered in the compensation package.  SUMMARY Under general supervision, performs work of moderate difficulty at a professional level in planning and directing the preparation of nutritional care programs for HEALTHCARE SERVICES GROUP, INC. The Registered Dietitian / Clinical Nutritionist consults with their District and/or Regional Dietitian along with the dining services staff concerning problems affecting residents’ food habits and needs. The Clinical Nutritionist has direct contact to instruct residents and others on nutritional principles, dietary plans, food selection and preparation. The Clinical Nutritionist has the authority to exercise supervision over the Dining Services Cooks and other staff. Work is performed in accordance with standard professional practices, physician prescription, directions and general policies.  RESPONSIBILITIES • Visits residents and evaluates food intake and acceptance. • Prepares nutritional assessments with tools and information available. • Completes an initial resident nutritional assessment summary. Systematically charts on Dietary Progress Notes, such information as counseling, diet instruction given, nutritional assessment and other comments. • Assesses need for supplementary feedings/tube feedings in the absence of the R.D. • Coordinates diet information with dining services department. Is familiar with system of diet records and writing diet tickets. Individualizes caloric diets and records calculations. • Attends resident staffing. (Quarterly & Initial) • Attends special staffing, discussing change of condition, discharge planning, etc. • Provides in-service education for dining services department. • Participates in training dining services employees concerning dining service and diet therapy. • Maintains statistical records. • Performs related example@example.com of the time in the dining services department example@example.com of time spent with Nutrition services. • Participates in special functions (Theme Dinner, Resident Picnics, Retirement Tea, etc.). • CLINICIAL NUTRITIONIST MUST HAVE KNOWLEDGE IN THE FOLLOWING AREAS: • Knowledge of the principals and practices of dietetics and nutrition • Knowledge of the relationship between sound nutrition and diet and the physiologic needs of the resident. • Knowledge of methods, materials and appliances used in large scale food production. • Knowledge of menu planning, diet therapy and food cost control. • Knowledge in planning modified and specialized diets and menus. • Ability to distinguish colors, or taste/smell food for evaluation. • Ability to estimate food quantities required. • Ability to advise dining services on preparation of specialized diets. • Ability to assess, develop, implement and evaluate nutritional care plans and provide for follow-up, including written reports. • Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos. • Ability to write business correspondence. • Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one situations, to customers, clients, and other employees of the organization. • Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. • Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. • Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations. Requirements • Bachelor's Degree or • 1 year hands-on work experience in health care including hospital, nursing homes, assisted living facilities and/or long-term care, retirement homes • Healthcare Services Group, Inc. has several levels of management throughout our company, which allows different career paths. • Account Manager Trainees • Account Managers/ RDs • Training Managers • District Managers/District RDs • Regional Managers/Regional RDs • Regional Sales Managers BENEFITS: With performance-based promotional opportunities, you have the flexibility to chart your own professional course. COMPETITIVE SALARY Comprehensive benefit package includes health, dental, life, disability, 401k, stock purchase plan and awarding stock options.
2905:supervising-job 1-year-experience-needed hourly-wage	Currently in need of a Cook. The applicant must have the following qualifications:  1) 1-4 years of cooking experience in a Nursing home or Hospital or Restaurant 2) Must have the ability to read , speak and understand English. 3) Follows direction and completes tasks in a timely manner. 4) Have knowledge of basic concepts of nutrition and diet management for regular, texture modified and other therapeutic diets or can be trained to do so. 5) Have the ability to supervise dietary personnel in food service  Responsibilities include:  1) Prepares food for meals one main dish and one alternate meal. Including modified textures (i.e. mechanical, pureed and regular textures) 2) Be able to supervise dietary aides in the preparation and serving of foods on tray line. 3) Follows instructions of the Nutrition Services Director in the preparation of meals and maintains meal schedules. 4) Prepares food by methods that conserve nutritive value and flavor. Insures foods are palatable, attractive and in the proper form to meet the individual’s needs. 5) Assures that all food items are handled properly to insure safety and sanitation standards according to State and Federal regulations. Properly stores, covers, and refrigerates necessary items. Insure that foods are cooked to the appropriate temperatures according the FDA Food code. 6) Practices and supervises infection control policies. 7) Performs other duties as assigned by the Nutrition services Director. 8) Be available for all holidays and weekends if full time is achieved.  All applicants must pass a background check
2914:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed full-time-job supervising-job salary	Come join a fun and exciting new company based in Salt Lake City, Utah! MyRooms® is a newly funded tech startup company and is looking for a talented lead developer to help build the next generation of visual 3D entertainment. This position is for a Lead 3D programmer, with a preference on Unity3D experience. Applicants who apply must have had experience managing teams of 4 or more people on a 3D project, with at least 10 years of 3D programming experience. We offer competitive salary depending on experience, and offer benefits and stock options.  The candidate will report directly to the CTO, and will be managing a team of 7+ developers.  Technical Requirements  -       Computer science degree or relevant work experience -       10+ years in 3D development with at least two projects that shipped -       1-3 years working with Unity3D, preferably on the 3D side -       4+ years in C# development (our primary language) -       Mobile experience in IOS/Android a huge plus -       Knowledge of JavaScript and XML/Json -       Experience with WebAPI / WCF web services and MS SQL Server is ideal -       Experience with source control such as SVN, Git or TFS -       Ability to write quality and clean code, with good comments -       Experience managing a team of 4+ developers - Experience with scale and large amounts of users on a product  Soft Skills  -       Ability to learn and adapt quickly to changing technologies -       Can manage local and remote teams, including outsourced ones -       Must be a people person and knows how to motivate others -       Frequent communication with team and leadership in a professional manner with the ability to explain tech concepts to non-developers -       Works well in a team and has leadership qualities -       Can write clearly and effectively (emails, documentation or developing presentations) -       Can work independently if needed and requires minimal supervision -       Immediately notifies the team if there are risks found or problems arise -       Is able to work hard to meet deadlines even if that requires working late -       Has a positive attitude in the work place and seeks to elevate the team -       A strong desire to succeed -       Able to learn from others, as well as mentor those around you
2917:2-4-years-experience-needed associate-needed supervising-job	*Summary*    * Individual will provide leadership and support for Company growth and improvements, while supporting employees to ensure that safety and company policies are adhered to, and that SOP’s, GMP’s/SQF and quality maintenance programs are consistently in place and maintained.    *Essential Responsibilities*    * This role will have direct responsibility for cheese production and will help to ensure that      volume, cost standards, and quality parameters of the Company are achieved.  * Responsibilities include: managing a work environment that is a 24/7 operation with numerous product changes; managing high cheese quality standards using advanced cheese making technology; supervising the installation, maintenance and repair of all milk, cheese, whey processing equipment to include boilers and sprinkler systems, and supervising all aspects of the Waste Water Pretreatment facility.    *Position Qualifications*    * Qualified candidates will have an Associate’s Degree, experience in dairy manufacturing, and at least three (3) years of related experience and/or training; or, an equivalent combination of education and experience.  * Candidates must have proven leadership ability, solid communication and interpersonal skills, strong mechanical, electrical and computer skills, budget management experience, and will be expected to provide competent guidance and direction to all maintenance employees within the plant.  * Preferred candidates have technical knowledge of manufacturing within a cheese and cultured dairy manufacturing environment, and a willingness and flexibility to support a 24-hour operation.
2930:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	Coeur Mining, one of the world’s leading silver companies and a significant gold producer, is seeking a Manager, Industrial Hygiene to work out of its corporate office based in Chicago, IL.  The Manager, Industrial Hygiene will have key responsibility for leading and coordinating Coeur Mining’s program to identify and correct workplace potential hazards, and to ensure safety regulation compliance.  This role is responsible for the recommendation, development and implementation of all operating elements including, but not limited to, policies and procedures, safety audits, OSHA/MSHA/DOT and HIPAA regulations, reporting, and budgeting consistent with the goals of the organization.  To accomplish these goals, the Manager, Industrial Hygiene will:  •Lead the development and administration of health services programs related to illness and injury prevention.    •Negotiate and manage contracts; and maintain liaisons with outside organizations such as fire departments, mutual aid societies, and rescue teams, so that emergency responses can be facilitated. Ensures that site emergency response teams have required medical competencies and training. •Ensure regulatory compliance and interpret applicable safety regulations.  Maintain and apply knowledge of current policies, regulations, and industrial processes and collaborate in the management of OSHA/MSHA/DOT, and HIPAA compliance.  •Conduct audits and inspections at all Coeur Mining sites focusing on facilities, machinery, and safety equipment to identify and correct potential hazards, and to ensure safety regulation compliance. •Report or review findings from accident investigations, facilities inspections, or environmental testing.  Qualified candidates will hold a Bachelor’s degree in Occupational Health, Business, or a related Technical field; or demonstrate equivalent background and work experience. Applicants should have at least five to seven years progressively responsible experience in the field of Industrial Hygiene and Safety, direct experience in the mining industry strongly preferred. Additional desired qualifications include in knowledge of MHSA/OSHA requirements, Certified Industrial Hygienist (CIH).       Coeur offers a competitive compensation and complete benefits package. For immediate consideration; forward your resume and cover letter.  For more information about Coeur Mining visit our website at www.example.com   EOE
2932:supervising-job	Note: This position requires relocation to Nacogdoches, Texas.  Summary A small but rapidly growing home healthcare software company is looking for an experienced executive to oversee all facets of its operation. For approximately six months, under the supervision of the current CEO, the new executive will learn the core components of the software system and how the company operates. During that training period, the new executive will transition into overseeing customer support, financial management, quality assurance, sales, and training operations. It is expected that within six months, the new executive will assume all responsibilities of the Executive Director role, including strategic planning, large client acquisition, and industry outreach.  Company Profile and Culture It is a healthcare company. If you are a qualified candidate, you know exactly what that means (regulations, complications, urgency, and chaos!). The right candidate will love this environment because there is always the opportunity to grow, help providers, help patients, and make the world a better place in spite of all the red-tape. The company priorities are 1. integrity, 2, quality, 3. customer service, and 4. innovation (in that order).  You Might Be Perfect, If: 1. You have extensive home healthcare experience (absolutely required) 2. You understand compliance to government and payer regulations and policies 3. You know technology 4. You know how to ensure quality 5. You know how to foster innovation 6. You can work under pressure, but know how to structure processes so that the pressure is handled with professionalism, optimism, and quality 7. You can mentor young staff members 8. You want to change the world for good  Key Responsibilities  1. Planning • Creates annual operating plans that support strategic direction set by the board and correlates with annual operating budgets; submits annual plans to the board for approval • Collaborates with the board to define and articulate the organization’s vision and to develop strategies for achieving that vision • Develops and monitors strategies for ensuring the long-term financial viability of the organization • Develops future leadership within the organization  2.  Management • Promotes a culture that reflects the organization’s values, encourages good performance, and rewards productivity • Hires and manages the human resources of the organization according to authorized personnel policies and procedures that fully conform to current laws and regulations • Oversees the operations of organization and manages its compliance with legal and regulatory requirements • Creates and maintains procedures for implementing plans approved by the board of directors • Ensures that staff and board have sufficient and up-to-date information. • Evaluates the organization’s and the staff’s performance on a regular basis  3. Financial management • Oversees staff in developing annual budgets that support operating plans and submits budgets for board approval  • Prudently manages the organization's resources within budget guidelines according to current laws and regulations • Ensures that staff practices all appropriate accounting procedures in compliance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) • Provides prompt, thorough, and accurate information to keep the board appropriately informed of the organization’s financial position  4. HR management • Oversees recruitment and contracting of company and project staff • Conducts employee development and training • Develops policies and documentation • Enhances employee relations • Oversees performance management and improvement systems • Oversees  compliance to regulatory concerns and reporting • Oversees company-wide committee facilitation including planning, production, staff • Attends Board of Directors meetings, fully prepared to inform board members of the state of the company  5. Marketing and PR • Manages advertising opportunities • Organizes the availability of company members for media/PR events as necessary • Oversees content, production and distribution of all marketing and publicity materials (posters, program, flyers, mail outs, brochures etc) with director, designer and project manager • Manages press development • Co-ordinates the invitation of potential future promoters and supporters of the company  7. Community Relationships • Serves as the primary spokesperson and representative for the organization   • Assures that the organization and its mission, programs, and services are consistently presented in a strong, positive image to relevant stakeholders • Actively advocates for the organization, its beliefs, and its programmatic efforts  • Acts as a liaison between the organization and the community, building relationships with peer organizations when appropriate 8. Programmatic Effectiveness • Oversees design, delivery, and quality of programs and services • Stays abreast of current trends related to the organization’s products and services and anticipates future trends likely to have an impact on its work • Collects and analyzes evaluation information that measures the success of the organization’s program efforts; refines or changes programs in response to that information
2937:licence-needed salary full-time-job supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	*TMF Health Quality Institute*      *PLEASE VISIT OUR CAREER CENTER TO APPLY!*  *www.example.com    *Expectation for All Employees*  Support the organization’s mission, vision and values by exhibiting the following behaviors:  model integrity, embrace innovation, celebrate success, strive for excellence, focus on those we serve and foster trust.    *Job Purpose*  Support the Medicare Appeals team by serving as supervisor of review coordinators including acting as subject matter expert for appeal reviews.  Assist in tracking and monitoring reviewer productivity, training of new personnel, performing quality assurance audits and completing employee performance evaluations.  Perform medical record review as required by contracts.  Manage review caseload.  Coordinate with customer and staff.      *Job Duties*  • Serve as clinical and technical resource for other staff members.   • Assist in quality assurance assessment including preparation of reports as required per contract.  • Assist in training and serve as preceptor for new employees.  • Assist in daily work assignment for review staff.     • Assist in tracking and monitoring of reviewer productivity to assure adherence to timelines and productivity goals.  • Perform various types of medical record review by specific contracts including, but not limited to, first and second level appeal review.  • Complete review of cases in accordance with guidelines and regulations.  • Provide a fair and impartial decision.  • Write clear and concise letters that support determination made.  • Apply approved state and national criteria in determining medical necessity for healthcare services.  • Prepare correspondence to healthcare providers, physicians and/or beneficiaries using proper grammar, the appropriate template and including all required components..  • Document and track case review activities and case disposition within required time frames.  • May serve as point of contact in working with customer to resolve issues related to systems access.  • Use computers to enter, access or retrieve data.  • Assist in identifying the best methods and most efficient approaches to determine areas of program improvement.  • Identify and resolve problems or refer issues appropriately.  • Communicate effectively with internal and external customers.  • Adapt to the needs of internal and external customers.  • Assure compliance with regulatory, contractual and accreditation entities.  • Maintain strict adherence to confidentiality and security policies and procedures.  • Participate in special projects and perform other duties as assigned.    *Work Context*  Requires sitting; Requires standing; Requires walking; Requires bending, twisting or reaching; Requires using hands to handle, control, or feel objects, tools or controls; Requires repetitive movement; Requires typing; Requires use of electronic mail; Requires writing letters and memos; Requires contact with others (face-to-face, by telephone, or otherwise); Requires work with others in a group or team; Includes conflict situations; Requires dealing with unpleasant, angry, or discourteous people; Requires being exact or highly accurate; Mistakes are not easily correctable and have serious consequences; Requires meeting strict deadlines; Requires work with external customers or the public; Includes responsibility for work outcomes and results; Requires working in a office/cubicle environment; Requires lifting/carrying up to 25 lbs. when transporting work equipment or materials    *Qualifications*  *License, Certification or Registration*  • Registered Nurse (RN) with current Texas license   • Preferred:  Coding or utilization review certification    *Experience*  • 5 years clinical   • 2 years clinical experience in an inpatient setting  • 3 years utilization review  • 2 years supervisory   • 2 years medical record review  • Preferred:  Medicare review  • Preferred:  Inpatient, outpatient or home health utilization review   • Preferred:  Durable medical equipment (DME) retrospective review   • Preferred:  Determining medical necessity using InterQual and/or local and national coverage determination guidelines    *Additional*  • Basic knowledge of ICD-9, CPT and HCPCS Coding  • Current Texas Driver License (Class C) and proof of current Texas minimum auto liability insurance     *Skills Required*  *Basic Skills*  • Active Learning, Active Listening, Communication, Critical Thinking, Learning Strategies, Mathematics, Monitoring, Organization, Reading Comprehension, Science, Speaking, Writing  Social Skills  • Coordination, Instructing, Negotiation, Persuasion, Service Orientation, Social Perceptiveness  Complex Problem Solving Skills  • Complex Problem Solving  Technical Skills  • Operations Analysis, Quality Control Analysis, Troubleshooting  Systems Skills  • Judgment and Decision Making  Resource Management Skills  • Time Management, Management of Material Resources, Management of Personnel Resources  Desktop Computer Skills  • Spreadsheets, Presentation Software, Internet, Navigation, Word Processing, Databases    *Knowledge Required*  Basic Utilization Management, Law and Government, Mathematics, Clerical, Customer and Personal Service, English Language    *Benefits*  TMF offers an excellent benefits package, including:    • Medical, dental, vision, life, accidental death and dismemberment, and short and long-term disability insurance   • Section 125 plan   • 401K  • Competitive salary   • License/credentials reimbursement       *PLEASE VISIT OUR CAREER CENTER TO APPLY!*  *www.example.com    TMF Health Quality Institute is an equal opportunity employer.
2940:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed associate-needed	Speciality earth retention and deep foundation firm has an immediate need for an experienced *Superintendent.  Ideal candidate will have a background in heavy civil construction – working on foundation projects.*  This is a national and international firm with a stellar reputation in the industry.  Must demonstrate strong leadership, organizational and time management skills, as well as have strong communication and client service skills.   Must have 3-5 or more years of heavy civil industry experience  Looking for experience with:  auger cast piles, drilled shafts, driven piles, support of excavation and sheet piling.   *Responsibilities*   • Direct day-to-day on-site supervision  •  Inspection of Contractor or Sub-Contract operations to ensure compliance with Contract • Maintain good relationships with internal and external clients, engineers and officials • Develop and maintain site logistics plan, in coordination with PM • Conduct quality inspections • Coordinate site testing & inspection efforts •  Ensure a safe work environment •  Manage schedules, including preparation of detailed short-term schedules and ensuring all activities take place on or ahead of scheduled dates •  Prepare and submit reports •  Attend and participate in project meetings, including subcontractor meetings   *Job Skills:*  •  Computer knowledge and efficiency, including Microsoft Office products •  Knowledge of heavy civil industry and earth works/earth work equipment/concrete •  Strong ability to read drawings and specifications  *Education:* • College or Vocational education desired  *Plus:* • OSHA certification • First Aid/CPR certification
2941:bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Seeking a senior level Pipeline Engineer for a Leadership role.  Firm has offices nationally and internationally and is well respected for the superior engineering services they provide in the Oil and Gas industry.     The ideal candidate will have a strong technical background, as well as client management experience and a desire to do business development.  There is growth potential with this opportunity.  This office is focused in the Oil and Gas industry and they are actively expanding in the Marcellus region.  *Responsibilities* • This individual will manage pipeline projects to achieve desired project scope, schedule and budget.    • Provide technical expertise to meet engineering requirements and challenges on Midstream projects  • Meet with clients and regulatory agencies  • Supervise internal staff  *Requirements*  •  B.S in Engineering from an ABET accredited University (civil, petroleum, mechanical, or chemical engineering degree)  •      P.E. License  •  10+ years of experience including recent work experience in O&G pipeline projects.  •  Strong understanding of pipeline requirements according to applicable pipeline codes and guidelines   • Experience with integrated ground engineering and environmental  engineering knowledge (environmental impacts of projects including water resources, ecological impacts, wetlands, etc.) and experience as well as knowledge of infrastructure supporting pipeline projects.
2942:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	Project Manager - Heavy Civil Construction Atlantic Coast Engineers & Executives – Dallas, TX   Specialty earth retention and deep foundation firm has an immediate need for an experienced:  *PROJECT MANAGER*  Ideal candidate will have a background in heavy civil construction – working on foundation projects including knowledge of auger cast piles, drilled shafts, driven piles, support of excavation and sheet piling.  Experience Managing Currently working on DOT, O&G, Heavy civil projects; therefore, any DOT experience is helpful.  This is a national and international firm with a stellar reputation in the industry.  *Requirements* Must demonstrate strong leadership, organizational and time management skills, as well as have strong communication and client service skills.  5-10 years of experience working in construction and/or civil industry, i.e. experience in geotechnical construction industry, public sector transportation, or soil stabilization / foundation construction preferred  *Ability to develop and maintain relationships with estimating and project management depts. of heavy, civil and large general contractors required.  *May have to travel within a Region when one project winds down and another starts.  *Job Skills:* • Computer knowledge and efficiency, including Microsoft Office products • Knowledge of heavy civil industry and earth works/earth work equipment/concrete • Strong ability to read drawings and specifications  Education: • Bachelors in Construction or Civil Engineering (preferred)  Responsibilities: • Implements in-house designed geotechnical engineering plans • Manages and works with project schedules, costs, quality & technical performance • Monitors completion of projects - on time and on budget • Maintains excellent verbal & written communications within the company and with outside clients and governing jurisdictions • Communicates with and ensures the performance of subcontractors, engineers, field personnel, superintendents, clients, etc.
2946:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	*About Internet Creations* Since 1996, Internet Creations has focused on helping companies leverage technology to streamline their operations. Our rich technology heritage, depth of experience and customer intimacy are unparalleled. With extensive Salesforce experience since 2004, we are continuing to assist organizations across the world to fully utilize the world's leading Cloud platform to accelerate their business.  *Salesforce Solution Architect* Internet Creations is seeking a versatile leader to serve as a Solution Architect. Working across various Salesforce projects, this role will support Solution Managers in helping to reduce the overall project technical risk by uncovering design issues early in the project life-cycle, share implementation best practices, and recommend solution alternatives.   *Although Internet Creations' corporate HQ is based in Hamilton, NJ, this role could also be based out of Dallas, TX or New York City.*   The ideal candidate will be a seasoned Salesforce Platform professional with strong leadership and change management skills. In addition to supporting Internet Creations' development and administration teams, this role will also work closely with customers. The candidate selected for this role will successfully demonstrate the following skills of a Change Agent: Communicate clear vision; Balance patience with persistence; Ask tough questions; Demonstrate knowledge & lead by example, and; Ability to build strong relationships.    *Responsibilities*  * Participate in various aspects of Salesforce integrations/implementations to include architecture, design, system testing, and user acceptance testing. * Collaborate with both business and technical stakeholders and possess the ability to uncover requirements, develop a technical strategy, and be able to communicate to all levels of management. * Judge the tradeoffs between technology and feasibility to make choices that fit the constraints of the project. * Mentor Administrators and Developers on Design/Architecture best practices. * Conduct code reviews (occasionally) and lead Quality Assurance testing * Manage customers' expectations and implement effective change management practices to ensure user adoption. * Assist Account Executives with closing new business by serving as a Sales Engineer / Subject Matter Expert.  *Requirements*  * 5 years Salesforce development and/or administration experience. * Computer, Engineering, or Business degree. * Project management. * 5 years of leadership experience with Salesforce, cloud based technology, and/or CRM related online product management lifecycle experience. * Ability to be proactive with a sense of urgency. * Highly motivated with an entrepreneurial drive to work in a dynamic, fast-paced environment. * Excellent interpersonal, analytical, problem solving, negotiating, and decision making skills. * Ability to persuade and  influence at all levels.
2959:bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	POSITION: Spa Manager   SUPERVISED BY: Spa Director/Owner  QUALIFICATIONS:  • Two years experience in a luxury hotel, resort, club/day spa or related hospitality enterprise. • Supervisory experience in high-quality, luxury-oriented resort spa, destination spa facility, day spa or high-end club. • Strong administrative and management skills, including experience with operating budgets • Bachelor’s Degree preferred • Warm, enthusiastic and sophisticated manner, with excellent interpersonal and member relations skills  AREAS OF SUPERVISION:  • Spa Reception and Retail staff  RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Lead the daily operation of appointment scheduling, retail sales and guest reception areas  • Prepare work schedules for spa reception and retail staff and maintain appropriate staffing levels for seasonal variations • As a working Spa Desk Lead, perform the function of spa reception desk personnel on a regularly scheduled basis • Lead on-going staff training for the spa desk and retail areas • Conduct regular, formal staff meetings for purposes of informing, training and inspiring spa and retail staff • Be knowledgeable and informed regarding general spa programs and services, and train the reception and retail staff to do the same • Train reception and retail staff in developing and maintaining effective guest relations and hospitality • Serve as role model for phone etiquette and proper member interaction • Train reception desk and retail staff on description, purpose and proper sequence of treatments • Attend regular staff meetings as directed by Spa Director/Owner • Oversee reception/retail facilities to ensure they are in proper condition and good working order • Monitor and maintain the cleanliness and orderliness of the reception facilities and staff • Conduct tours of the spa facilities • Oversee ordering of equipment and supplies, and maintain inventory control for retail areas • Keep Spa Director/Owner informed daily concerning therapist/esthetician scheduling requirements based on occupancies and member program requirements • Assist in hiring, training, leading and evaluating the spa reception and retail staff, as directed by Spa Director/Owner • Actively develop good guest relations and seek feedback for use in program improvements • Recommend special projects/promotions, and execute them as directed by Spa Director  • Anticipate potential problems and keep Spa Director/Owner informed about guest problems or complaints   COMPENSATION: Commensurate with experience
2968:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Looking for a motivated individual with extensive experience in underground utilities with leadership capabilities.  Qualifications: - At least 3-5 years experience in underground experience - At least 2 years of supervisor experience - Reading and understanding design drawings - Experience operating an excavator / skidsteer - Lift / carry 50lbs - Experience with pulling equipment and trailers  Requirements: - Current Drivers License - High School Diploma or GED
2978:supervising-job	Midwestern Services, Inc. is a leading provider of tank cleaning services in the US.  We provide these services to oil, gas and chemical companies in the US.  As a tank cleaning field supervisor, you will be responsible for managing projects, budgets, P&L and personnel. 90% travel required. All expenses covered, 45% in bonus potential. Must be proficient in Microsoft Office. EOE.
2979:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	General Managers are responsible for the overall performance of their assigned operation including achieving sales goals and profit objectives while satisfying our client’s needs.  The General Manager will:  • Optimize sales and profits at assigned operation.  Develop goals and objectives in conjunction with the Regional Vice President. • Develop and maintain relationships with key clients.  Provide quality customer service through personal interaction with clients and through associates.  Promote awareness of the Company and its products and services.   • Manage inventory, property and equipment to ensure the Company’s assets are adequately protected and to increase returns and minimize shrink.  Identify trends and take proactive or remedial action to handle business situations. • Ensure the operation is staffed with qualified, motivated and engaged associates.  Develop their maximum potential through regular coaching and training.  The ideal candidate will have a minimum of five years of management experience in a lumber/building materials operation and experience working with national and custom builders.     Equal Opportunity Employer/Affirmative Action and Drug Free Workplace
2983:supervising-job full-time-job licence-needed	Heartfelt Alternatives, Inc. is headquartered in Raleigh, NC and provides mental health and behavioral healthcare services to children and youth.   The full time Clinical Director work in our Raleigh office. The primary functions of this role are to: *Supervise enhanced services Team Leaders in conjunction with the Assistant Clinical Director.  *Design and support implementation of treatment and best practice protocols in collaboration with the Medical Director; *Collaborate with the Quality Management Director and Training Director to develop plans and protocols for new clinical and program staff training and supervision; *Develop collaborative relationships with the consumers' primary care physicians, community psychiatrists, and other providers regarding issues related to consumers/families and the local system of care;  *Represent the Agency to the state and local authorities. *Promote growth within current and future markets *Participate in short and long term planning for the agency   Education and Experience Required: Must be fully licensed in NC as as LPC, LMFT, LCSW or LCAS.  If you want to make a difference in others' lives while developing your career this is the place for you.   Our organization provides on-going training and professional development for our staff. We offer paid time off and benefits package to our full time employees after 90 days of full time employment.   If this organization sounds like the type of environment that fits into your career path and long term goals, please submit your resume  with a cover letter.
2985:supervising-job	TOP EARNER, PERFORMER, CLOSER?  Always at the top but compensation is not what you are worth?  WE NEED TO TALK!  -Who are we?  A brand new cutting edge company who just launched in Arizona. We are positioned in the fastest growing industry of all time & are expanding both nationally & internationally.  -What are we looking for?  Highly motivated, professional, hard working, driven, sales professionals who want to retire within 5 years. You will be working directly with the CEO & COO to build & train a sales team in the Phoenix area. You will be responsible for closing accounts both b2c & b2b. You must have dedication, people skills, & understand the value of leverage. You must be able to be self driven, to work your own hours. Leadership Qualities are a BIG PLUS.  -What we offer?  Mentorship & opportunity to work hand & hand with 7 & 8 figure income earners & legends Revenue share (Day 1) Weekly Pay The ability to earn 6 figures THIS YEAR. The ability to earn 7 figures in the next 2-4 years (In 2012 we had 16 - Million Dollar Earners) Weekly bonuses $100-$1000 Leadership Bonuses B2B Opportunity Company paid incentive trip to Cancun in Sept Performance based pay, get paid what your worth! FT & PT available - Flexible hours
2995:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Senior Consultant – CRM              Strategic Consulting in Customer Operations Management  Accelerate your Career with a Successful, Dynamic Employer Eventus, a premier provider of advanced, comprehensive solutions for Customer Operations Management is experiencing significant growth.  Our strategic consulting and cloud operations managed services along with world-class development and project management help organizations modernize and optimize their Customer Operations with solutions that target business outcomes and strengthen customer loyalty.   We offer a highly competitive compensation and benefits structure that will allow you to be rewarded for your hard work.  Our entrepreneurial environment is collaborative and will provide you with the opportunity to expand your skills while being part of a team that is fun and fulfilling. Visit www.example.com to learn more. Job Summary Eventus is seeking a high caliber Senior Consultant with hands-on consulting and business knowledge of Contact Centers.  This individual will have a comprehensive understanding of call center operations and CRM software.  The Senior Consultant will work closely with client personnel and Eventus leadership to develop contact center operational excellence and business solutions that align with our clients’ strategic direction and priorities.   Job Responsibilities  As a member of the client engagement team, the Senior Consultant is responsible for providing subject matter expertise in contact center operations and project management for Eventus clients.  Key deliverables of this role include: • Analyze, document and prepare client ready deliverables for contact center assessments, CRM requirements definition, CRM assessments and call center technology strategy and implementations. • Function as the Call Center Consultant to client management and staff; participating with other Eventus team members in providing call center expertise and knowledge. • Responsible for communicating the ideas, concepts and definition phases of projects and remain involved thereafter to ensure alignment with designed and accepted solutions through project management excellence. • Develop and take ownership of the project management plan and execution for a call center engagement. • Act as a liaison between the business, operations staff, other client entities and vendors. • Analyze impacts of work being performed and recommend improvements if needed. • Develop and sustain strong relationships with business partners, other client entities and vendors to ensure effective partnerships and alignment with business and Eventus strategies. • Participate in post-live project activities; including evaluation of success criteria, identification of best practices, lessons learned and strategies for future releases and deployments. • Consult with client sponsors, Eventus leadership and vendors to inform and promote successful project development and implementation within the organization. • Produce presentations regarding the work being performed and be able to provide the performance results to clients and senior management.   Required Qualifications:  • 8+ years of experience in contact center operations, preferably within a government or healthcare environment. • 5+ years experience in consulting/professional services and project management. • Bachelor’s degree • Strong collaboration, documentation and presentation skills • Outstanding proficiency for MS Office Suite including PowerPoint, Visio and Project • Proven, problem-solving and decision-making skills • Excellent customer relationship management and customer service skills • Ability to work in a fast-paced and dynamic environment.     Reporting, Location and Travel: Senior Consultant will report to the Senior Executive of Strategic Consulting and will be based in Englewood, CO or suitable location.  Travel up to 75% may be required.   We are an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or vet
3000:bs-degree-needed supervising-job	The key role this position fills is in assisting the Chairman & CEO of a fast-paced online media company with both personal and company business.  Responsibilities: Scheduling meetings with internal personnel, clients, and customers, across multiple time zones Efficiently manage CEO’s time and resources Coordinate and schedule travel for CEO & several other high level executives, as needed Run errands, both personal  & business-related, for CEO Assist in general administrative functions for office Greet and assist guests Assist several other high-level executives as needed and as time permits Other duties as assigned  Required Skills: Confident, personable, and a “go-getter” – dynamic personality is key to this position Great communication, both written and verbal Knowledge of the Green Hills area specifically and the Nashville area as a whole Proficiency with Mac-based programs, Microsoft Office suite, Google suite (gmail, gcal, google drive, etc) Extremely organized and efficient Very detail oriented Keen ability to think two steps ahead Thrives in a fast-paced environment Capable of problem solving Enjoys supporting a team  Education Experience: 4-year degree preferred  This is an immediate need.
3006:supervising-job	Reports To: General Manager Supervises: Leasing, Maintenance Technicians and CA’s   *Position Objective*  Position is responsible for assisting the General Manager with the management of all on site operations and achieving property financial and operational objectives. Duties include and not limited to: ensuring all traffic, prospect, leasing, renewal and revenue data is accurate, producing daily, weekly and monthly activity and operating reports and that resident files are correctly maintained. The Position also works with the GM and other managers to insure that all activities are conducted in compliance with all local, state and federal employment, housing, safety, landlord/tenant and real estate laws.   *Key Responsibilities* • Work with the GM and other members of the property team to maximize revenues and adhere to budgeted cost parameters. Coordinate office staff and collection agencies to insure all monies are collected as due and that all revenue data is posted correctly in the on site property management software.  • Process service requests from residents and work with property team to insure adherence to customer service standards. Work with on-site staff to insure that resident issues are dealt with in a timely manner and that proper follow through is done. Assist RD (if applicable) or GM with scheduling, organizing and hosting resident functions • Assist the GM to ensure financial information (including pro-forma information) and various analyses are materially correct and will provide ownership the highest yield in both short- and long-term prosperity. Analyze revenue and expense items. • Ensure operational standards and procedures are established, implemented and monitored. Compile data for special and periodic reports as requested. Work with legal counsel and local officials to perform evictions as required • Support the GM to insure adherence to company and state safety standards, policies and procedures. As required, inspects units, common areas and property to insure adherence to property standards. Works with property manager to insure that all safety inspections are completed as required and ensures adherence to company key control policies. • Works with GM to train and develop on-site employees according to company policy and procedures. Support policies, supervisor(s) and company even when facing adversities.  • Place resident needs and requests as a number-one priority and follows up with the resident to assure satisfaction. This applies to both internal and external needs. Maintain awareness of customer acceptance and patronage of facility. Other Responsibilities • Works with GM and team to schedule turn keys and ensures apartment units are available for schedule move ins • In the absence of the GM, follow-up with the insurance companies and the residents as required • As necessary, completes all required paperwork for all liability, workers’ compensation and property insurance claims  • Shows and leases apartments as necessary  *Qualifications and Requirements* • Experience in property management, preferably student housing • Knowledge or experience in computer PC’s and software • Ability to effectively supervise and motivate staff members • Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of staff and supervisor  • Preference and ability to work well with others • Self-motivated and self-directed • Preference for detailed and meticulous work • Ability to assert oneself and a high level of self confidence • Ability to work without direct supervision and under varying degrees of pressure • Internal focus on controls and reporting • Perseverance to accomplish and successfully implement long-term goals • Four-year degree from accredited university preferred
3007:full-time-job licence-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed hourly-wage supervising-job	This is a contract-to-hire role in Lake Forest, IL. Hourly rate is attractive at $80-90/Hr. Contact Scott Bernas at  XXX   Sr. Project Manager Procure 2 Pay Planning Logistics (Contract and Contract to Hire)  Owns and Manages complex IT projects across multiple sites and geographies involving multiple third party providers, contractors and sourcing partners.  Is accountable for insuring project planning, resource planning, scope definition, risk mitigation, issue resolution, financial tracking, and project task activities are driven to completion and documented for a assigned projects in the .5 to 5 million range.    Position reports to the Enterprise Application Management Manager and is also accountable to follow processes set forward by the Enterprise Portfolio Management Office.  Candidate is capable of following PMO guidelines in respect to managing and controlling scope, timeline, and financial budgets of assigned projects. Candidate should be capable of coaching others have a strong committed approach to both project methodology and business process.   Candidate must have experience managing SAP project lifecycles leveraging the following SAP modules (MM WM APO) and have an excellent understanding of SAP from a business process, cross functional and integration view point within the Pharmaceutical industry or similarly regulated environment. Candidate should have background experience in Blueprint, Configuration, Unit, Stress, Volume, Regression, User Acceptance and Integration Testing, Training, Documentation and Production support. This position works within the program management office to report status, program risks and program metrics to executive management teams and varying levels of leadership. This role requires excellent organizational and communication skills and must have experience in global project management.   This role will be based out of Lake Forest, IL but may require some occasional travel during project activity.  Experience, Skills, Education Requirements •Excellent people and communication skills  •Previous experience leading global project projects.  •Pharmaceutical industry IT project experience.  •Excellent understanding of SAP from a business process, cross functional and integration view points  •Experience in Blueprint, Configuration, Unit, Stress, Volume, Regression, User Acceptance and Integration Testing, Training, Documentation and Production support.  •7+ years of experience managing SAP project lifecycles leveraging the following SAP modules (MM WM APO)  •Ability to work with all areas of IT including outsourced suppliers, vendor and contractors.  •Ability to effectively interact with employees, business users and consultants at multiple geographies, sites and globally.  •Experience of managing project teams over 20 people and a dollar spends of greater than $1 million is recommended.  •PMP certification is a plus.  •Flexibility to travel
3013:supervising-job salary	We are a 10 year old multi-million dollar home improvement company that is looking  for a Window Sales Manager for our corporate office. Our company is Experiencing   tremendous growth and is in need of a Sales Manager to help us meet our lead demand!   We spend hundreds of thousands of dollars to get our sales reps into appointments.   We need a closer to help run and grow our team!!   Qualification Include-  - Able to run and manage a staff of 7-10 sales reps  - Keep a 40-42% closing avg.  - Willing to teach new closing techniques  - Able to present high end products.  - Solid Track record  - Needs to be a great trainer and motivator.  - Doesn't need window experience. In home sales a plus  We offer:  - Health Benefits Insurance  - Extensive Product Training  - 100-150K per year  -Paid Vacation  Send your resume to Mr. Taylor today to set up a personal Interview   • Location: St Cloud, Minneapolis Area  • Principals only. Recruiters please don't contact this job poster.
3015:full-time-job supervising-job 1-year-experience-needed	Looking for qualified individuals who would like to grow with the company.  Duties and Responsibilities  Responsible for the complete oversight of a single store, which includes, but is not limited to profitability, P&L management, human resources, and marketing. Responsible for efficiency of operations, optimum food and labor costs, minimizing waste. Ensures that Papa Murphy's standards for operations are met in the store. Inspects prep areas and kitchen utensils and equipment to ensure sanitary standards are met in accordance with Papa Murphy's and local health department standards. Prepares reports to track such items as food cost, waste, sales, inventory and hours worked by team members. Constructs the \"build to\" portion of the \"Prep Chart\" and \"Dough Production Chart\" and completes/supervises product prep. Responsible for the physical facility including minor repair and preventive maintenance on equipment. Monitors inventory of food and beverage products.  Monitors build-to levels and submits orders to vendors that are within store guidelines. Responsible for checking all vendor deliveries to make sure that the store received the designated amount of product and was charged accurately for it. Assists at the front of the house, cashier, and counter person stations, making pizzas and ensuring that pizza assembly times are maintained at 5 minutes and total in-store service times are maintained at 10 minutes. Assist the back of the house doing prep and pre-makes for preparation for sales. Communicates menu or price changes, shortages and specials and promotes suggestive selling among team members. Accurately projects sales and recognizes sales trends to insure accurate production levels of product. Responsible for maintenance of the CRM/Mindshare feedback, communication with guest, resolving guest concerns with the utmost professionalism, maintaining total guest satisfaction.  Responsible to track and reconcile all promotion coupons and gift certificates, and balancing them with the daily sales report. Responsible to communicate the daily status of the store, problems and opportunities to the Supervisor. Responsible for monitoring cash procedures in the store and ensuring accuracy of bank deposits, cash drawers, and justifies all cash variances, strictly adhering to the PMI Cash Handling and Deposit Agreement. Responsible for recruiting, interviewing and staffing their store with adequate levels of qualified team members, conducting orientations, training, performance evaluations and dealing with corrective disciplinary action of store team members. Utilization of PredictiveProfiles for selection of candidates for interviews.  Maintains fair and consistent treatment of team members. Prepares work schedules and evaluates work performance of team members. Responsible for using the proper training procedures for training team members. Completes and posts the weekly schedules for team members one week in advance. Responsible for store being in compliance with Federal, State and Local labor laws. Responsible to be at the store in full uniform and ready to begin work at scheduled time, and work 40-45 hours per week. Maintains a professional appearance at all times by wearing clean and wrinkle-free Papa Murphy's uniform and ensures that all team members maintain the same image. Requirements for this position:  Previous quick service restaurant (fast food) management experience Basic computer skills, including MS Word, Excel, Outlook, Internet, and POS Basic math skills, along with knowledge of store financials, P & L's, break-even analysis, food cost analysis, labor cost analysis At least High school diploma or general education degree (GED).   *Work Experience Preferred:*  Manager/Assistant Manager in restaurant industry for at least 1 year.
3016:ms-or-phd-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	About New Road Fitness  New Road Fitness is a medically integrated fitness company that uses state of the art smart fitness equipment and software to develop highly personalized and variable exercise programs for members.  For more information about New Road Fitness and how we differ from other fitness centers, please visit us at www.example.com  Job Description  New Road Fitness is seeking a full time Fitness Director. The Fitness Director will manage all fitness staff and be responsible for the design of all Personal Exercise Programs and fitness-related services, as well as the review and refinement of such Personal Exercise Programs as members progress.  The Fitness Dirtector will also play a role in cultivating working partnerships with local physical therapy centers, clinics, community organizations and physician’s offices, as well as other community outreach and marketing initiatives.    The Fitness Director will be expected to inspire, train and motivate staff to provide the highest quality of member service through individual attention and activities that promotes member retention.   Candidate must be friendly, enthusiastic and organized, results-driven and creative with excellent customer service and communication skills.  Individual should be a team player with the commitment to be flexible and accommodating to the hours we serve our members and the desire to contribute to the team effort.  All fitness staff will report directly to the Fitness Director, and the Fitness Director will report directly to our Director.  Desired Skills & Experience  Master’s degree in Exercise Physiology/Health Fitness or related health field.  6 years equivalent experience (e.g.  rehabilitation or physical therapy). Must have current basic or advanced Life Support Specialist Certification.  Current certification in the health and fitness field from a nationally recognized certifying agency (ACSM or NSCA). Current certification in CPR and First Aid required or must be obtained with in 90 days of hire. Must possess excellent communication, supervisory, and organizational skills. Must possess competent knowledge of exercise principles, special populations, health risks, and clinical program design. Must have strong working knowledge and skill with computers, including Microsoft Word, Excel and various e-mail programs.  Experience with TechnoGym Wellness Trainer is a strong plus.
3019:supervising-job associate-needed full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Are you a technology/wireless guru with exceptional social skills? Are you an individual that is vivacious and have a tremendous amount of energy? If so, this may be the ideal position for you. As a Retail Sales Manager, you will be the one that educates and provides “solutions” for our customers needs on the latest and greatest technology offered by AT&T.   As a full-service Premier Agent for AT&T, Prime Communications is prominent in its market with over 270 + locations throughout 13 States. Since there are fewer than 10 wireless agents nationwide that operate more than 100 stores, Prime Communications is indistinguishable from corporate-owned stores run by wireless network operators.   As a stable and privately held company, Prime Communications is built on a conservative capital structure and its remarkable growth has been internally funded. Prime Communications employs hundreds of people across its operations and is actively recruiting additional employees experienced in the wireless industry.   We offer: Exciting career paths that lead to invigorating opportunities and extensive economical rewards.  Competitive pay for both salary and hourly positions (base pay, commissions/bonus)  Exceptional Benefit Package (PTO, Holiday pay, medical/dental/vision and much much more!!!  Top Notch Comprehensive Training on the latest technology trends and sales techniques to ensure maximum financial gain and not to mention a fun fast paced work Environment  Position: Retail Store Manager  Summary of Job Functions:  The Store Manager position handles locations with two or more employees. Successful SM’s will lead their personnel by virtue of their excellence and success across all levels of performance. This position is responsible for the oversight of the inventory and operations of the location.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities:  Sales  Perform as a role model employee for all new hires and Retail Sales Managers  Consistent excellence in greeting activity and production  Drive sales by personal example and assist District Manager with attaining sales goals  Drive Complete, high quality sales with high profit per line.  Demonstrate to other employees how to achieve and exceed FRRPO, APO, Wired and other sales targets.  Offer customers service that exceeds expectations and work to assist all Solution Specialist  Assist District Manager with keeping staff up to date on industry, carrier and company changes.  Sales Management  Drives sales performance; meeting individual and store sales goals through coaching, training, continually developing a sales team, monitoring and reviewing sales team progress  Assists Retail Sales Consultants with closing sales while providing them with the tools necessary to become self-reliant  Conducts one on one monthly performance reviews with all location employees to build more effective communications, to identify training and development needs and to provide insight for the improvement of Retail Sales Consultants activity and performance  Ensure staff is selling utilizing the proper steps to a quality and complete sale  Offer and work to assist the location’s staff in providing exceptional customer service  Provide up to date industry and carrier specific information to sales team  Remain aware and current on all performance markers both with the location and the market  Operations  Maintain all visual & housekeeping standards and encourage staff to do the same  Assist Retail Sales Consultants  to thoroughly learn all day to day transactions/procedures at store level  Adhere to all paperwork policies and procedures with zero tolerance for non-commissionable sales, unauthorized underselling and sales without proper ID (primary and secondary)  Complete daily review of bother personal and location paperwork  Ensure that all phone box counts are completed daily and at least one “open” box count is done weekly. Once a month all accessories should be encountered.  Ensure accurate and timely completion of Opening and Closing checklists with zero defects.  Assist and learn from District Manager the appropriate cash handling/depositing procedures  Safeguarding of all codes & passwords: incl. POS, RQ4, carrier logins, email, security, etc…  Assist Loss Prevention to locate missing phones & perform physical recounts as necessary  Communications & Public Relations  Conduct one’s self as a representative of the Carrier and the company  Communicate company promotions & deals to customer with enthusiasm  Communicate key information to the Service Center to enable tailored promotions and marketing for location needs  Maintain an open line of communication with the Retail Sales Consultant, Store Managers, District Manager & the Service Center to insure on track for advancement  Report potential problems and offer solutions to perceived shortcomings in any Prime Communications system or policy  Have and communicate a sense of pride in the company for which the employee works  Actively promote the company and the carrier outside of ht workplace for the purpose of driving sales  Training & Development  Consistently and accurately record time & attendance in RQ4 system  Adhere to schedule & provide company with adequate notice for all requested time off as per Employee Handbook  Contribute to a respectful and professional work environment; free from discrimination, harassment or violence  Anticipate problems and plan accordingly  Take personal responsibility for all problems within their control  Follow the intent and the letter of company policies and procedures as outlined in the Handbook and/or communicated by Prime Communications Management  Remain abreast of all changes within the wireless industry  Utilize the Prime Portal and all available resources to insure awareness improvements within prime Communications  Maintain and energetic and positive “Do it Now” attitude  Requirements Skills and Competencies:  Ability to develop and train work force, build relationships, utilize skills of workforce most appropriately.  Ability to provide outstanding customer service.  Ability to maintain a fair, consistent set of standards as they apply to work force.  Ability to adjust priorities and manage time wisely in a fast-paced environment.  Ability to maintain records and documentation pertaining to work force.  Ability to communicate in a clear, concise, understandable manner, and listen attentively to others and provide instructions to all employees.    Job Requirements:  Ability to work a full-time schedule including nights, weekends, and holidays.  Must be able to work open to close; Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.  Strong interpersonal, communication, organization and follow-through skills.  Availability to travel.   Employment Requirements:  College Education or equivalent retail knowledge.  Three or more years of management experience or demonstrated business knowledge.  At least 18 years of age  Above average communication skills & professionalism  Computer proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, and Powerpoint.       __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________       Are you a technology/wireless guru with exceptional social skills? Are you an individual that is vivacious and have a tremendous amount of energy? If so, this may be the ideal position for you. As a Retail Sales Consultant, you will be the one that educates and provides “solutions” for our customers needs on the latest and greatest technology offered by AT&T.   As a full-service Premier Agent for AT&T, Prime Communications is prominent in its market with over 270 + locations throughout 13 States. Since there are fewer than 10 wireless agents nationwide that operate more than 100 stores, Prime Communications is indistinguishable from corporate-owned stores run by wireless network operators.   As a stable and privately held company, Prime Communications is built on a conservative capital structure and its remarkable growth has been internally funded. Prime Communications employs hundreds of people across its operations and is actively recruiting additional employees experienced in the wireless industry.   Position: Retail Sales Consultant Summary of Functions:  The Retail Sales Consultant is recognized by Prime Communications as an exemplary sales associate, consistently delivering high quality sales with above average profit per line, low churn, excellent customer satisfaction levels and high monthly volume in excess of 30 handsets per month (after deactivations, chargebacks, and returns).  Essential Duties and Responsibilities:  Sales - Perform as a role model employee for all new hires and Retail Sales Consultant - Possess the ability to control a sale – preferred handset, preferred rate plan, accessory and data bolt-on - Deliver excellence in greeting activity and production - Minimum monthly sales in excess of 30 handsets per month (after deactivations, chargebacks, and returns).  - Deliver complete, high quality sales with high profit per line-PPL goals will be set by market - Maintain high sales and operation targets - Utilize referral program in conjunction with excellent customer service to maximize every sale - Offer exceptional customer service and work to assist less experienced Solution Specialist - Refer unsolvable concerns to their MIT, Store Manager, District Manager or Corporate Headquarters or field offices - Follow the complete sales process as outlined in the 5 Key Behaviors and other best practices defined by Prime and AT&T.  Paperwork  - Adhere to all paperwork policies and procedures with zero tolerance for non-commissionable sales, unauthorized underselling and sales without proper ID (primary and secondary) - Regularly check personal paperwork and review for discrepancies/deficiencies - Follow all Cash Depositing procedures and accept full fiduciary responsibility for all deficiencies - Verify customer identification, complete credit check, complete customer contracts, prepare customer’s file & sales invoice, collect and record customer payment, complete secondary agreement if needed, and properly convey all required disclaimers and policies to customer  Loss Prevention  - It is the responsibility of all employees to control, monitor and maintain inventory - Accurate & timely completion of Opening & Closing checklists with zero defects to include opening and closing inventory counts - Immediate communication of any inventory deficiency to supervisors for review - Safeguarding of all codes & passwords (i.e. POS, RQ4, Carrier logins, Email, Security, etc.) - Maintain store appearance and organization of inventory  - Work with MIT, Store Manager and/or District Manager to locate missing phones & perform physical recounts as necessary  Communications & Public Relations  - Conduct one’s self as a representative of the Carrier and the company - Communicate company promotions & deals to customers with enthusiasm - Maintain an open line of communication with management & the Service Center as necessary - Report potential problems and offer solutions to perceived shortcomings in any Prime Communications system or policy - Have and communicate a sense of pride in the company for which the employee works - Communicate available job openings to customers and applicants;  - Actively promote the company and the carrier outside of the workplace for the purpose of driving sales  Training & Development  - Complete all required trainings within the required timeline established by the Service Center - Master all required systems: POS, RQ4, UltiPro software, etc - Ask questions where additional support or clarification is required - Work with management to identify room for growth & improvement - Take steps outside of work to improve & create value for the employee and the company - Demonstrate ability to handle responsibility by assisting team members and management whenever possible  Self Management  - Consistently and accurately record time & attendance in RQ4 system - Adhere to schedule & provide company with adequate notice for all requested time off as per Employee Handbook - Contribute to a respectful and professional work environment; free from discrimination, harassment or violence - Self-reliant, proactive members of a team - Anticipate problems and plan accordingly - Take personal responsibility for all problems within their control - Follow the intent and the letter of company policies and procedures as outlined in the Handbook and/or communicated by Prime Communications Management - Remain abreast of all changes within the wireless industry - Utilize the employee website and all available resources to insure awareness improvements within Prime Communications - Maintain an energetic and positive “Do it Now” attitude
3026:bs-degree-needed 1-year-experience-needed supervising-job	To be considered for this position, please apply at www.example.com  EEO/AA  *SUMMARY:* Under the direction of the Mortgage Chief Financial Officer, the Mortgage Investor Accounting Supervisor is responsible for the direct supervision of the investor accounting personnel of both Arvest Mortgage Company and Central Mortgage Company. The incumbent will provide oversight of the reporting, remitting, and reconciling functions of the department. The supervisor is to provide support for all audits, exams and other similar reviews and ensure that data requested is provided in a timely manner and is materially accurate. The incumbent is to provide support for servicing transfers, as needed. The Investor Accounting Supervisor shall is expected to function with limited supervision and possess the ability to utilize sound judgment in making decisions regarding daily operations. *ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES* include the following. Other duties may be assigned. 1. Provide for effective supervision of investor accounting staff, including prompt feedback regarding performance, adequate training on relevant aspects of the various tasks and functions and maintain adequate staffing levels and distribution of workload between associates. Ensure that departmental performance and productivity standards are met in all material respects. 2. Ensure that all investor accounting reporting and remittance obligations are made timely and accurately to various investors, agencies, and master servicers including but not limited to Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Ginnie Mae, and Wells Fargo. 3. Provide direct oversight and review of, and assist staff as needed with reconciliation and balancing of all investor accounting custodial bank accounts and clearing accounts. Provide assurance that reconciliations are completed in accordance with Arvest policy and various investor guidelines. 4. Provide assistance during audits and reviews, including providing documentation and representing the department in various interviews and exams. Ensure that data requests are handled in a timely manner and data provided are materially accurate. 5. Coordinate service transfers by assisting in preparing investor transfer requests,submitting loan-level transfer files, and providing assistance to the Loan Servicing Manager, MSD or buyer to ensure a successful transfer. 6. Prepare or provide oversight of the preparation of Principal and Interest settlements related to servicing acquisitions or sales. 7. Prepare or provide oversight of the preparation of subservicing interim billing information to various servicers. 8. Prepare the investor accounting cost center budget on an annual basis. Monitor budget versus actual performance on a monthly basis and be able to respond to questions regarding budget variances. 9. Provide miscellaneous assistance to the Mortgage CFO, as requested, and as it relates to various investor accounting tasks and functions. *TEAM ACCOUNTABILITIES:* · Support and uphold the Arvest Mission Statement. · Maintain a high level of cooperation and rapport with all associates in order to ensure accurate and efficient operations and service. · Formulate and communicate new ideas and suggestions that will improve profitability and efficiency for the company’s overall operation. · Foster and promote the proper company image at all times. *SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES:* Directly supervises 10 or more investor accounting associates. Carries out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws. Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, appraising performance, rewarding, and disciplining associates. The incumbent has the authority and the appropriate influence to make recommendations regarding hiring, firing, advancement, promotion, or any other change of status of other associates within the guidelines of the bank’s procedures and guidelines for such change of status events. The incumbent provides training, planning, assigning, and directing work assignments and schedules; addressing complaints and resolving problems.  *QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS:* To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. *EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:* · Bachelors degree in accounting or finance, or equivalent experience in mortgage or related industry required. · One (1) to two (2) years mortgage, finance or accounting experience required. · Management/Supervisory experience is preferred. *OTHER SKILLS AND ABILITIES:* · Must be able to arrive at work on time, work on site and have regular work attendance · Must be able to work cooperatively with other co-workers regardless of personality, presence or communication style · Must be able to provide cordial customer service regardless of customer personality, presence or communication style · Must be able to perform several tasks at once · Must be able to work in a stressful atmosphere · Must be able to rotate job tasks · Must be able to greet others cordially · Must be able to coordinate multiple and changing priorities · Must be able to verbally communicate with all other associates · Must be able to operate telephone, scanner, copier and FAX machines · Must be able to occasionally work outside of normal business hours. · Must be able to move from department, division, or bank to department, division, or bank to attend meetings · Must be able to operate personal computer keyboard in order to create reports,schedules and other appropriate documentation *PHYSICAL DEMANDS:* The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the associate is regularly required to stand, walk, sit, and to talk and hear. The associate must occasionally reach with hands and arms; stoop, kneel, or crouch. The associate may occasionally be required to lift or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close, distance and color vision and the ability to adjust focus. *WORK ENVIRONMENT:* The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an assocaite encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise level in the work environment is usually minimal.
3031:salary supervising-job	Shift Manager / Shift Lead - Must Love Animals  Lone Star Pet Lodges – Missouri City, Texas  Lone Star Pet Lodges - Missouri City & Sugar Land's most exciting pet care business is looking for Enthusiastic and Capable Shift Managers.    Applicants must love pets! Pet Services experience preferred.   *Prior Supervisory Experience required!*  Competitive pay including salary, commission, bonuses…  If the following traits describe you, we encourage you to apply to be part of our growing company with this fun career in a rewarding industry:  Positive Attitude Upbeat and Enthusiastic Polished Verbal Skills Detail Oriented Eager to Learn and Apply Proven Operating Processes Motivated and Enjoys a Fast-paced Environment  We require a background check and pre-employment drug screen.  We look forward to hearing from you soon!
3039:supervising-job	Join a winning team with the Crowne Plaza Cleveland Airport!  Crowne Plaza Cleveland Airport is seeking an enthusiastic, energetic, and guest service oriented individual to join our team.  Job Description:  We are looking for an energetic individual to lead our successful bar team.    The Bar supervisor will be responsible for all aspects of the running of JB's Lounge, including hiring and managing staff, vendor relationships, and the ensuring all aspects of the customer experience meet expectations. Also must have an outgoing personality, and a hands-on management style.  Bar Manager will be accountable for managing all staff, ordering, inventory, training.    ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:  Recruit, train and manage all bar staff. Maintain and enforce all written bar policies (including opening and shutdown procedures, dress code, work/shift hours, health/safety procedures, security, cleaning, POS register, inventory management, etc.). Maintain daily reporting system with bartenders for managing cash, tips and bottle inventory. Ensure and actively monitor honesty and ethics of staff. Responsible for maintaining the overall customer experience, including ambiance (lighting, music, etc), cleanliness and friendliness of staff. Ensure compliance with all applicable laws and codes (health, fire, etc.). Maintain and manage vendor relationships. Establish and maintain the budget. Continue to refining the brand and customer experience. Improve the menu and drinks selection, including creating “specialty” themed drinks. Work on special promotions such as Happy Hour, free drink tickets and themed events.   Applicants should have prior bartending experience in a supervisory role.   Please submit your resume for consideration.
3045:licence-needed supervising-job	Must assist the camp aquatics director must oversee all swimming activities that occur at swimming pool operated as part of  children's camp. This person shall supervise lifeguards and other required staff during swimming activities and implement the camp safety plan.   Test Camper Swim Ability Lessons Provide Swimming Lessons To Campers   MUST have Water Safety Instructor Certification From: -Red Cross; or -Boy Scouts of America; or -YMCA
3049:supervising-job salary	The Association for Financial Professionals (AFP) serves as the preeminent professional network for more than 16,000 treasury and finance professionals. Headquartered in Bethesda, MD, AFP provides members with breaking news, economic research and data on the evolving world of treasury and finance, as well as world-class treasury certification programs, networking events, financial analytical tools, training, and public policy representation to legislators and regulators. AFP is the daily resource for treasury and finance professionals.  AFP members are drawn from a wide range of industries, comprising corporate practitioners (two thirds) and banks and other financial services providers (one third). The typical corporate practitioner member has 16 years of experience in the profession and works for a company with more than $1 billion in annual revenues. These members hold positions as CFO, vice president of finance, treasurer, assistant treasurer, director, financial analyst, or cash manager.  In response to numerous member requests over the years, AFP is launching a new for-profit professional services business unit – AFP Advisor’s Network (AFPAN) - that will provide a technology-enabled capability and benefit to individual members who desire to offer their expertise to member companies in an interim or project-based capacity.  AFP is looking for a supremely talented and enterprising professional to take charge of building and running this exciting new business unit.  This is an exceptional and unique opportunity to build from the ground up a brand new business, but with the corresponding ability to leverage a very successful organization with thousands of existing worldwide members.    The successful candidate for this role will possess the following:  • Demonstrated success in P&L management of a staffing or professional services entity.  • Prudent business manager, who also understands the need for some risk and proactive investment in the business.  • Experienced and professional manager who can deal with the complex and subtle organizational and people issues of a fast growing and changing business.  • Must be comfortable in setting direction and vision, as well as “rolling up the sleeves” and working in the day-to-day tactical sales activities.  • Excellent management and leadership skills.  Ability to work exceptionally well in a collaborative environment.  • Entrepreneurial mindset, experienced working with or for large companies, yet is comfortable working in a fast paced and thinly staffed start-up organization.   • Demonstrated success in solution selling, preferably services, to large organizations.  • Ability to multi-task – wear multiple hats at once.  • Excellent questioning, listening, negotiating, qualifying, and closing skills.  • Prior knowledge of finance, treasury, accounting and business IT helpful, but not required. Ability to understand treasury related issues, strategies and initiatives.              AFPAN offers competitive salaries with full benefits, flexible schedules and an attractive incentive compensation arrangement that is tied to the success of the businesses unit.  Interested candidates should submit their resume, cover letter and salary history via Indeed.com, by clicking the \"Apply Now\" button on this page.
3050:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	*Location:*  Charlotte, NC/New York, NY/Springfield, MA/Boston, MA  Babson Capital Management LLC is an entrepreneurial investment firm that hires talented people who create and support innovative investment strategies and solutions for institutions and other sophisticated investors.  We manage approximately $135 billion in assets for investors in the U.S and abroad, offering a wide range of absolute return strategies, co-investing, financing and customized mandates utilizing equity, fixed income and derivative instruments.  *Influence on the Company*  This position is important to the success of the organization, particularly as the firm refines its multi-jurisdictional distribution strategy and expands its global presence.  The firm's compliance with the sales practice rules and industry standards both in the US and abroad is critical to the firm's industry reputation and ultimate success.  This position has a direct impact on the ability of the firm’s Global Business Development Group to respond nimbly to sales and distribution opportunities through all channels, including direct sales, consultant relationships, and responses to requests for proposal. This position may also work with sales practice compliance in locations outside the US where Babson Capital has offices, although its primary focus is in supporting US initiatives. The position would entail some decision-making authority in connection with the compliance implications of existing and proposed policies, procedures, and controls related to sales practices.   *Job Description*  The Analyst/Associate Director, Sales Practice Compliance, assists in the sales practice compliance of Babson Capital offices located in the US. Such activities include, but are not limited to, reviewing advertising and marketing materials utilized by the firm in the offering and placement of its investment advisory products and services to ensure those materials, and the manner in which they are distributed, comply with applicable securities laws and regulations and firm standards, including Global Investment Performance Standards. In addition, the Analyst/Associate Director may assist in developing and maintaining compliance practices for the conduct of business outside the US and participate in other sales practice initiatives from a compliance perspective, as needed.    *Key Responsibilities*  • Handle US sales practice compliance initiatives • Maintain and disseminate compliance requirements for conducting business in the US • Review advertising and marketing materials, press releases, requests for proposal, website postings, seminar presentations and other materials to verify consistency with applicable law, including SEC, FINRA and Global Investment Performance Standards, and applicable firm policy • Coordinate with the submitter of such material and legal counsel, as appropriate,  to ensure that all compliance comments are understood and appropriately incorporated • Provide guidance to product management and other business personnel on relevant rules and marketing review procedures, including one-on-one conversations and larger group discussions • Work with marketing, distribution, product management, and legal personnel to understand business initiatives, determine impact on sales practices and anticipate future sales practice needs  *Requirements*  • Bachelor’s degree required • FINRA Series 7 registration preferred or commitment to obtain within 3 months of hire • FINRA Series 24 registration preferred or commitment to obtain within 9 months of hire • A minimum of two years’ experience preferred, ideally in distribution and sales practice compliance  • Some knowledge of Global Investment Performance Standards (GIPS) preferred  • Exceptional interpersonal and verbal and written communication skills • Knowledge of  SEC and FINRA advertising/marketing rules and regulations • Ability to balance multiple projects and meet tight deadlines
3055:2-4-years-experience-needed part-time-job bs-degree-needed hourly-wage supervising-job	Wellness Workdays Office Manager, Part-Time   About us: Wellness Workdays (www.example.com) based in Hingham, MA is a fast growing health and wellness firm. We offer custom-tailored health and wellness programs to corporations across broad industries. We inspire employees to make simple, yet effective changes and in return we lower employer’s healthcare costs.   Job description: We are seeking a Part-Time Office Manager (30hrs. per week) with skills, experience and know-how to be the back bone of the day-to-day-operations.  To thrive in this roll, you’ll need to love variety, be a creative thinker, work independently, communicate well and be super organized.  We are looking for a motivated individual, with a positive attitude and willingness to jump in whenever needed. You must have a proven track record to handle multiple tasks, while working under pressure and know how to prioritize tasks.   Summary of essential job functions: • Answer the phones • Deal with any inquiries from outside vendors via phone, email or general  correspondence • Manage procurement of all office supplies and other office needs • Invoice clients and manage accounts payable • Manage technology and other office systems • There will also be ad-hoc and project work such as you’d expect in a growing, dynamic company!  Minimum requirements Bachelor’s Degree.  Minimum 2 years of experience in a similar role or a role where essential job function requirements have been practiced. Interest in nutrition and wellness a plus!  Abilities required • Business administration knowledge • Basic accounting skills, experience with QuickBooks preferred • Ability to produce efficient work in a timely manner • Ability to produce business correspondence, proofread for grammar, spelling and punctuation with a high degree of accuracy • Technical skills preferred  Benefits and Compensation Hourly paid position ($15.00-$18.00 per hour based on experience)/ paid vacation, holiday and sick time, no healthcare benefits.
3060:bs-degree-needed full-time-job supervising-job	The architect/developer will be responsible for supporting and/or leading efforts to implement a Business Objects solution that meets all defined business requirements. The requirements focus on BOBJ solution design and development on complex technology landscapes that are comprised of SAP and non-SAP components. This job is not for report writing/generation or traditional development, although experience in those areas is a prerequisite.  Location: Huntsville, Alabama USA  Required Experience: • Experience in leading or working in a senior roll on Business Objects Implementation projects. • Experience in architecting Business Objects solutions over complex technology landscapes that primarily include non-SAP components • Experience in working with business users and units to elicit, understand, and document business needs, business requirements, environmental requirements, conversion requirements, reporting requirements and file structures between various systems. • Experience in data warehouse design, development, and deployment • Experience with designing and developing reports and dashboards. • Experience in assisting other teams (solution validation, architecture alignment, testing, etc.) as new procedures are implemented in relation to the Business Objects implementation. • Extensive experience working on large and complex projects that require documentation of the development effort. • Experience in application deployment, planning, and execution. • Experience working in an Army and/or DoD environment a plus.    Job Requirements: • Design Business Objects solutions in an environment that has unique non-SAP-related requirements and many data feeds. • Develop architecture documentation to guide the implementation and support compliance requirements. • Work with Business Objects end-users to resolve any application, data or user issues. • Promote data warehousing and business intelligence concepts to business users, educate and train users on Business Objects reporting tools and appropriate content. • Develop reporting unit testing plans and conduct system unit test. Performs ad-hoc, standard and regression reporting testing. • Participant in system integration and stress tests for large size projects across various systems or platform. Assist and support quality assurance testing teams. • Provide input to peers, management and customers for recommendations and alternate solutions and/or improvements. • Prepare design documentation for the projects assigned, provide estimates and conduct peer code review. • Provide Business Objects infrastructure system support, participate in application upgrade projects.  Skills: • Excellent communication and facilitation skills are essential to this effort. • A self-starter with a strong desire to learn new development techniques and enhance existing business and technical processes. • Capable of leading technical requirement gathering sessions with business stakeholders. • Ability to work in teams that are driven by business priorities, and contain non-technical colleagues as team members.    Educational Requirements: • BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Management Information Systems or related field; or equivalent combination of education and experience.  Other Requirements: • The ability to obtain a SECRET clearance is required • U.S. Citizenship is required
3071:1-year-experience-needed full-time-job bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Job Code:    RPh1806                                               Posted:  05/10/2013  Location:     Homewood - Chicago South Suburban, IL Hour:           Full-time Title:           Pharmacy Manager  Our client in the Chicago South Suburban, Illinois area is ready to hire a Pharmacy Manager to be responsible for managing the operations of a new Pharmacy, with emphasis on Business Development, Staff development and supervision.   Requirements:  -Must possess a PharmD or a B.S Pharm from an accredited School of Pharmacy -Must possess Illinois State Pharmacist license -The license must be in good standing in accordance with State of Illinois -1-3 years of Pharmacy Management experience -Great commiunication skills -Analitical ability to interpret information and recommand solutions  -Follow all State and Federal Regulations relating to Pharmacy Practice -Respond to RPhLink Pharmacy Project Management Team  Apply on line at www.example.com  For more information, please contact RPhLink at  XXX  or fax Resume  XXX    RPhLink is owned and operated by Pharmacists.
3073:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	General Manager - The Grand Lodge at Hillcrest Country Estates   We’re looking for a GENERAL MANAGER to lead a resort style living community for retirees. The GRAND LODGE will feature Independent Living, Assisted Living and Memory Support apartments PLUS a state of the art wellness center with salt water pool, 3 restaurant venues, health care clinic, community garden and will complement the existing beautiful Independent Living Villas, apartments and long-term care cottages on our 44-acre campus in Papillion, Nebraska.  Hillcrest Health Services, a locally owned and operated Continuum of Care provider is developing, The Grand Lodge at Hillcrest County Estates, in Papillion.  The Grand Lodge will be home to over 160 retirees.    Responsibilities of General Manager-Hospitality:  The successful candidate will be involved in the development, initial construction and the opening of the Grand Lodge in 2014. This leader will inspire a qualified team and manage all operational functions for 400+ Villas and the new Grand Lodge.  Must have demonstrated abilities in successful hospitality operations management, solid organization and strategic planning skills, comprehensive fiscal management acumen and exceptional interpersonal communication and leadership skills.    Skills/Requirements of General Manager-Hospitality:  Must have proven leadership experience in concierge service, high quality food and beverage service and operations, wellness and lifestyle enrichment with 5 star qualities. Hotel management is a plus. Requirements include 10+ years management experience in Hospitality Management, General Manager or CCRC setting. Management experience at  a high ranked hotel is preferred. We offer a comprehensive benefit and salary package.  If you are a visionary leader who believes wholeheartedly in our mission of 'enhancing the lives of aging adults’ then this could be your dream role.  Please visit our website and apply online at www.example.com.
3078:5-plus-years-experience-needed ms-or-phd-needed supervising-job salary	Position: Regional Dental Director Location:  Multiple Locations Industry:   Healthcare (Dental) Specialty:  Pediatric Dentistry  Are you a Pediatric Dentist that is ready for a new and exciting regional leadership opportunity with a forward-thinking dental management company?  Do you enjoy defining clinical quality standards and providing guidance on performance improvement?  CSHM LLC is seeking to hire Pediatric Dentists for Regional Director roles. This position will lead and mentor  dentists at associated centers within the organization across several states. This important role oversees strategy for compliance with regulatory requirements; participates in quality care informatics and analysis, staff development, and patient care audits.  At CSHM LLC, you'll find a career with purpose, pride and passion! If you are interested in this position and meet the minimum requirements below, We want to speak with you.  Job Requirements:   1. Must have DDS or DMD from an accredited dental school and current license in good standing. 2. Must have completed a specialty program and residency in Pediatric Dentistry. 3. Must have at least 5 years of clinical experience and a desire to serve underprivileged children. 4. Experience with multi-center clinical and operational leadership and oversight.  5. Position will require up to 80% car/air travel.   CSHM LLC offers a comprehensive, competitive and affordable benefits package including the following:  • Competitive Starting Salary • Exceptional Benefits Package Including Medical, Dental, STD, LTD, Life, etc. • 401k with Company Match • Paid Time Off (PTO) • 8 Paid Holidays • Employee Assistance Program  EOE
3081:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job	The position requires: Class A CDL License 3 years of Commercial Driving Experience High School Diploma Ability to pass a DOT Physical and Drug Screen The Ideal candidate would be responsible for training an entry level student in order for them to obtain their CDL Class A License Full Benefits Full time Employment
3092:supervising-job licence-needed full-time-job	_Full-time Available_  *Job Decsription*  The Medical Assistant will perform administrative and certain clinical duties under the direction of a physician. Administrative duties may include scheduling appointments, maintaining medical records, Clinical duties may include taking and recording vital signs and medical histories, preparing patients for examination, drawing blood, and administering medications as directed by physician. The Medial Assistant will provide superb phone, interpersonal and written communications and etiquette.  Lastly, the Clinic Receptionist will provide prompt and friendly characteristics when greeting all guests and visitors, while making sure they become connected with the appropriate individual, program, meeting or location.  *Requirements*  This position requires a high school education or equivalent. 6 months related medical assistance experience within a 12 month timeframe mandatory. Completion of an accredited medical assistant program required with a one month externship. Must have excellent interpersonal and communication skills, relate effectively with a wide variety of people. A valid Ohio Driver’s License is required.  Computer literacy and excellent oral communications is essential.     *About Us* Ranked as one of Northeast Ohio's Top Workplaces three years in a row - Celebrating 150 years of commendable service!  At OhioGuidestone, we believe that every individual and community is unique and that their needs are different. Because of this, we’ve created flexible, customized programs designed to help children, families and communities, especially those in need. Our innovative, comprehensive programs preserve family relationships, help make children and families more self-sufficient and reduce clients’ need for future social service or court interventions.  *Benefits for full-time employees:*  Medical, dental, vision, 401k retirement plan, family-friendly work environment and scheduling flexibility, outstanding vacation, holiday and sick time, free parking, life insurance, supplemental life insurance, flexible spending accounts, child care assistance and we are business casual!   We promote from within, provide management training for rising leaders and professional development opportunities! Internships and co-ops are unpaid, but offered in most of departments at several different levels.   _Committed to creating a more diverse community, we encourage candidates from historically underrepresented groups to apply. EEO/AA M/F/H/V_
3093:supervising-job	Planet Fitness New Haven is currently looking for an Assistant Manager. Planet Fitness is looking for people with experience in customer service and have an upbeat personality to join one of the fastest growing fitness chains in the industry. Must be able to problem solve and provide clear direction.   Job Summary:  Responsible for oversight of gym operations to ensure positive member experience and a financially successful club.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities include but are not limited to the following :  -Assist in hiring of new club employees  -Assist in new employee training   -Work with Club Manager to provides supervisory oversight of club employees   -Provides backup support to Club Manager as needed   -Handle all front desk related tasks   -Greet/meet potential members and provide gym tour   -Facilitate member service issues and questions   -Ensure prompt opening/closing of gym   -Oversee cleanliness and appearance of gym   -Backup support for any employee who is out due to illness, etc.   Minimum Qualifications:  -High school diploma   -Strong customer service skills   -Basic computer proficiency
3095:full-time-job supervising-job	Wholesale Loose Diamond company with 25+ years history seeking Sales Manager.   Requirements  - Energetic individual - Excellent communication skills on phone and in person.  - Basic computer skills (email, internet, excel) - Previous Customer Service or Sales experience required - References needed  Responsibilities will include the following  - Work hours- 11-5 - Making sales calls to new and existing wholesale clients - Visiting clients to show merchandise. New York only, no travel needed - Devise marketing plan to increase long term brand recognition - Working towards long term relationships with direct account ownership   Salary + Commission
3118:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job full-time-job hourly-wage	*Community Enterprises, Inc. is a growing multi-state human service organization empowering people with disabilities to live, learn, and work independently since 1975.*  Title:  Program Supervisor of Employment Programs Work Location:  Enid, OK Rate of Pay:  $18.25 per hour   Schedule:  37.5 hours per week, Monday-Friday, may include some evenings and weekends Daily schedule based on programmatic needs   *Summary* The Program Supervisor coordinates all aspects for a specific Employment and Training Programs to include development and oversight of Transitional Employment Center, Group Worksites, Individual Placements, and an Industry-Specific Training and Placement Program. S/he is responsible for overseeing production and ensuing quality standards for worksites are met.  S/he assures that all objectives are met and works with the Director to assure that operations are managed within budgetary limits.  The Program Supervisor is responsible for maintaining good working relationship with intermediate care facility staff as well as the supervision of staff and oversight of job development and marketing efforts.   *Required Skills* Must demonstrate strong community integration values and community-based employment and training services for individuals with disabilities Organizational skills, creative abilities, and excellent written and oral communication are a must.  Ability to work independently in a team environment and be flexible to meet program needs. A broad range of interpersonal skills to work with program participants, community employers, and other professionals. Knowledge and respect for diverse population  Education, Training, and Experience Bachelor’s degree with five years related experience or Associate’s degree with seven years relate experience.  One year of experience in management or supervisory experience desired. Demonstrated broad range of interpersonal skills to work with program participants, families, business associates, and other  professionals required.     *Other Requirements* Must have a valid driver’s license, a good driving record, the use of vehicle, and the willingness to transport program participants in a personal and/or agency vehicle. The employee is frequently required to sit, stand or move, reach, and use hands and occasionally required to climb or balance. Must frequently lift and /or move up to 30 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. Vision must be sufficient to meet programmatic needs.  Desire to do meaningful work and make a difference in someone’s life a must.  Bilingual/Bicultural experience is an asset.    *Excellent Benefits Package*  ●  Flexible work schedules and a great work environment, encouraging professional and personal growth  ●  Generous paid time off, including vacation time, personal time, holidays and sick time  ●  Medical and Dental insurance  ●  Employee Assistance and Wellness programs for employees and loved ones  ●  403(b) retirement plan   ●  Life and Disability insurance  Applications accepted until position is filled.
3124:supervising-job	About the Job  Title: Office/HR Manager   Position Reports To:   Chief Commercial Officer  Basic Function:  Oversee and execute day-to-day office management and human resources function.  Work with senior management team to coordinate broad range of confidential matters.   Essential Duties:  Office Management - Manage vendors, including IT company, phone, internet, delivery services, etc. - Support a remote Bookkeeper with light administrative A/P processing needs (scanning bills, facilitating invoicing, etc.) - Work with the company to keep office tidy, making sure everyone leaves their stations clean - Manage office supply orders - Assist review and manage organization of contracts with external parties; manage the contract execution process - Coordinate meeting calendars - Book travel and manage off-site meeting logistics  Human Resources - Manage hiring process including recruiting new talent, drafting job descriptions, and setting up interviews  - Coordinate new employee orientation - Submit payroll - Administer employee benefits, COBRA, PTO, workers comp - Work with Chief Commercial Officer to resolve conflicts as they arise in the office - Facilitate employee performance evaluations - Set and enforce employee policies - Manage logistics of contractor and consultant relationships in terms of collection of relevant HR documentation  Pharmaceutical industry experience preferred
3126:full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	*The Company* Regency Beauty Institute is a growing, nationally-recognized cosmetology education provider. By building and operating convenient, upscale, retail-oriented campuses and centralizing admissions and student services functions utilizing proprietary technologies, Regency has redefined the way beauty education is delivered.  Headquartered in Brooklyn Park and St. Louis Park, MN, Regency was founded as a single campus in Minneapolis in 1950 and has grown to 89 campuses in 20 states.   *Position overview:*  The Admissions Supervisor is responsible for coaching, training and motivating admissions representatives in a high-energy call center environment.  The Admissions Supervisor will create a supportive customer focused environment by monitoring customer interactions and providing consistent feedback to admissions representatives as they consult with potential students.   The Admissions Supervisor will strive to ensure all students feel valued and prepared to make the right decision for their educational needs.  Candidates should be self motivated, dynamic, professional and have a positive attitude and strong work ethic.  Due to the significant responsibilities of this role, it is essential that this position be filled on a full-time basis only.  Additionally, given the student service and support orientation of this role, it is essential that  the individual in this role be able to work a regular and reliable schedule and be able to work mandatory overtime when necessary, in the discretion of management, to meet company needs  *Reports to:* Director, Admissions *Schedule:* Full-time, 2 evenings per week *Location:* Regency Headquarters, St. Louis, MN  *Primary Responsibilities:* • Create a supportive student focused environment with  10 – 14 admissions representatives  • Build relationships and assist field staff to ensure seamless admissions process • Monitor calls an coach team members daily to provide optimal consultative service  • Provide ongoing training and support for team member development • Improve team productivity by monitoring daily performance; load balancing; queue management; conversion analytics; and preparing and completing action plans to improve efficiency  • Use phone monitoring  to analyze team member activity  • Provide daily hands on support   *Skills and experience required:* • Two+ years management experience in consultative sales or relationship management roles • Four+ years business to consumer service industry experience in a call center environment, preferably an educational institution  • Proven ability to motivate and develop team members  • Strong results orientation • Strong interpersonal and conflict management  skills • Ability to work in fast-paced environment
3129:bs-degree-needed supervising-job	For the past 88 years, Southern MD Oil has maintained a track record of growth and profitability. The company is based in desirable LaPlata MD and is seeking a professional, well organized individual to join our team of dedicated professionals at our Client Care Contact Facility. Southern MD Oil is a subsidiary of The Wills Group, a $1.5 billion dollar company. Within The Wills Group organization there is numerous growth potential.  *The successful candidate will:*  *Oversee a team of Client Care Agents supplying operational and administrative support to the Marketing functions of SMO.  *Experience with inside sales is preferred  *The individual will work as a primary advocate for the customer ensuring various operational functions work together to provide exceptional experience for the customers.    *Supervisory experience in a call center environment is strongly preferred as is a Bachelor's Degree.   *Above average computer skills are crucial and experience working with sales software packages is preferably.  *Excellent interpersonal communication skills are required.   We offer a competitive wage and benefits program, including medical, dental, life insurance, LTD/STD, matching 401(k) Plan, tuition reimbursement, as well as paid vacation and holidays.
3130:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	The goal of the Sales Executive is to establish strong business relationships with self-insured employers, Third Party Administrators (TPAs), Health Plans, Health Exchanges, Labor Union Funds, Health Care Coalitions, and employee benefits brokers and consultants. Candidate will work within an assigned region and promote Health Care Corporation of America’s (HCCA’s) full range of products, with a central focus on PBM programs.  Responsibilities  Assist with development of a strategic plan to drive results.  Create relationships with senior level decision makers within the assigned region.  Develop and maintain relationships with key consultants within the sales territory.  Develop and execute strategic area sales plans.  Sell the value of HCCA beyond price, using analytical tools and resources to differentiate HCCA in the market.  Work with Underwriting/Pricing to ensure they have the information required to develop competitive pricing; play a lead role in the underwriting/pricing process.  Lead finalist presentations.  Help identify unique ways to influence prospects to strongly consider HCCA.  Work with internal departments to develop innovative solutions that provide a competitive advantage and positions HCCA in the market place  Coordinate client management from commitment through contract  Successfully negotiate and close complex business deals independently  At close of sale, define terms of deal for internal departments  Coordinate product demonstrations—definition of key product needs aligned with specific client opportunity  Update territory management tools; report sales activity to management meet margin and sales targets  Remain current on Pharmacy and PBM industry trends and competitive knowledge  Perform duties as directed by supervisor  Qualifications • Established relationships with TPA’s, brokers, consultants, self-insured Employers and health plans  • Proven ability to self-manage time and administrative tasks • Self-confidence and ability to maintain composure while delivering sales presentations • Ability to quickly learn new information and verbally communicate a pattern of success • Strong relationship building skills • Ability to work accurately with meticulous attention to detail • Ability to handle work in best interest of both customer and company • Ability to work in a team environment • Able to work evenings for after-hour sales presentations • Must have a valid driver’s license • Ability to travel and maintain a flexible work schedule as needed • Above average level of PC skills. • Energetic and willing to think outside of the box. • Demonstrated leadership skills. • Proven performance in sales/account management.  • Excellent written and verbal communication skills • Ability to write reports, business correspondence and presentations materials • Strong analytical, quantitative, mathematical, interpersonal, communication and organizational skills • Ability to respond to changing priorities and handle multiple tasks at one time • Exercise excellent judgment in analyzing and responding to customer issues in an ethical manor • Demonstrated business acumen • Candidate should have a thorough understanding of the PBM market place. PBM or health plan experience is preferred  Education/Experience • BA or BS degree  • Minimum of five (5) years of demonstrated sales success developing sustained, profitable, business relationships • PBM, pharmaceutical, or healthcare sales experience required  Knowledge • Requires working knowledge of MS Office Products and email application systems
3132:supervising-job	Job Title:  Deli Manager Department:  Deli Reports To:  General Manager, Co-Managers Location:  1500 Lafayette Road, St. Louis, MO  63104  To manage the deli department to achieve maximum sales and profit while minimizing labor costs.    ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties may be assigned.  General 1. Initiate and or make recommendations regarding the hiring, firing, discipline, promotion and evaluation of all deli department personnel. 2. Orientate and train all new deli department associates and retrain associates when necessary. 3. Develop a weekly labor schedule for all deli department associates for the approval of the store manager. 4. Develop a weekly display plan for display, table or case merchandising and ad promotion.     5. Allocate shelf space according to movement, capacity and profitability. 6. Supervise the order of or order all deli products and supplies from authorized vendors so as to eliminate out-of-stocks while maintain the desired deli turns.  7. Greet customers, respond to customer questions, requests, complaints and explain store policies in a courteous manner. 8. Be observant of security problems and develop methods of prevention (vendor receiving, associate theft, shoplifting). 9. Supervise: a. Preparation of the backroom for receipt of merchandise b. Unloading of trucks c. Checking the load for quality/shortage/overage and code dating the case d. Storage of back stock e. Verification of the merchandise against the invoice f. Cleaning of department floors, mirrors, containers, cooler, shelves, slicer, fryer, product production area, department production equipment, scales, and cases g. Safe use of cleaning equipment and chemicals h. Loading of stocking carts i. Transportation of cases/product to the sales floor/product production area j. Evaluation of product quality k. Preparation of product for display l. Placement of merchandise in the designated storage/display position m. Checking of the product code or freshness date n. Face or front the top or front of each display o. The immediate pick up or removal of all packing materials or boxes from the sales floor or customer’s pathway.   p. The safety procedures used in the operation of the baler, case cutter, pallet jack, knife, intercom, pricing gun, slicer, fryer, yogurt machine, cash register, steam table, stove, smoker, scales and wrapper (must be 18 years or older to operate the pallet jack, baler, slicer, fryer, steam table, smoker and baler).   q. The counting and recording of individual items of merchandise of inventory. r. The movement of damaged/unsalable and returnable products from case to the preparation area, the return of damage to the warehouse for credit and the re-processing of product for sale or marking the product down in price. s. The use of proper case opening and product stacking techniques to prevent damage to product t. The removal of trash from the department, operating the baler and putting the compacted bale on a pallet. u. The changing of signs, light bulbs, tags and price markers in the department. v. The checking of case and cooler temperatures three times daily w. The preparation, display and packaging of all product in the deli department 10. Assure the safety of self, customers and co-workers by understanding and practicing store safety rules and notifying a store manager of any potential hazard immediately.   11. Perform miscellaneous tasks assigned by the store manager, substituting for absent workers and performing any additional tasks necessary to provide products and services to customers during peak periods of business. 12. Compute the retail price from cost, complete price changed—PLU file and scale system maintenance, supervise the manual price marking/labeling of merchandise without a UPA code.  13. Communicate with the store manager on problems, recommendations for change, effectiveness of plans and merchandising decisions. 14. Complete competition price check on deli commodities/items weekly. 15. Conduct department meetings to review merchandising, sales planning, and operational problems, keeping associates informed about matter that concern them on the job.    QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.  The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.    Education and/or Experience:  Minimum educational requirement is a high school education.  Prior deli department experience.  Prior supervisory experience.     Language Skills:  Ability to give or receive complex verbal instructions or descriptions to and from supervisors, co-workers and associates concerning store or department policy or procedures or use of equipment.     Mathematical Skills:  Basic mathematical ability (add, subtract, multiply, divide) and ability to count.   Reasoning Ability:  Make judgments concerning: the placement of merchandise on the shelf or display, pricing, product quality standards, associate scheduling, order of product or supplies, hiring or supervision of associates, merchandising plans, departments’ operations policies and procedures and the sales and promotion of merchandise.    Other Skills or Requirements:  Basic reading and writing ability; able to read instructions, merchandising labels, order codes, numbers, reports, printed paper invoices and order forms.   PHYSICAL DEMANDS:  The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of the job.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.    Physical demands to include:  1. The Deli Manager will perform the same tasks of the job as the deli clerk while substituting as part of the work crew or as part of the training program for new associates.   2. See cases, case cutter edge, case trips, shelf location, product size, description and quality, customers, shelf tags, labels on products, stocking carts, knives, scale, wrapper, department production equipment, cooler layout, packing materials, debris on floor, aisle markers and signs.   3. Perceive color difference on product and product labels. 4. See to cleaning and maintenance of equipment, pallet jacks, forklifts and baler controls. 5. See and read forms used in the operation of the deli department. 6. Listen to customer questions and responses.  7. Listen to co-workers questions and comments. 8. Listen to the sound of baler, pallet jack, or cleaning equipment operation. 9. Listen to the sound of box cutter operation. 10. Communicate with customers. 11. Communicate with vendors/drivers. 12. Use the intercom or phone system.   13. Communicate with co-workers and managers. 14. Communicate with prospective associates. 15. Read case labels or case strips, signs, tags, shelf, signs, numbers and aisle markers, department forms and employment forms.  16. Read equipment and chemical warning labels. 17. Read operational forms and reports.  WORK ENVIRONMENT:  The work environment conditions described below are representative of those an associate encounters while performing the essential functions of this job.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.    1. Inside work with extreme variations in heat/cold/dust/humidity from the backdoor, compressor, cooler and freezer.  While performing the duties of this job, the associate frequently works near moving mechanical parts. 2. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.          IMPORTANT DISCLAIMER NOTICE: The job duties, elements, responsibilities, skills, functions, experience, educational factors, and the requirements and conditions listed in this job description are representative only and not exhaustive of the tasks that an associate may be required to perform.  The employer reserves the right to revise this job description at any time and to require associates to perform other tasks as circumstances or conditions of its business, competitive considerations, or the work environment change.
3141:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job full-time-job	The Project Administrative Assistant serves as “the glue” for a client project.  The assistant works as part of a larger team, providing both administrative and project  management support  to ensure that the project is developed and executed in an efficient manner.  This person will also help in communicating and coordinating with program sub-contractors, vendors and external stakeholders to help keep the team organized and on track for the project.  The Administrative Assistant reports directly to the Senior Project Manager, but will also work in collaboration with other team members.  The ideal candidate has a great \"can do\" attitude can work well independently and within the team.  The successful coordinator/administrator would be an effective organizer and proactive multi-­‐tasker who  is calm under pressure, a strategic process thinker and has an eye for solutions.  KEY REQUIREMENTS AND SPECIFICATION    • 5-­‐7 plus years experience in administrative and account/project management   • Proven success in developing and implementing administrative systems and processes that keep teams on track with project objectives and goals • Strong ability to organize and multi-tasks • Ability to strive in a fast paced environment • Strong interpersonal, written communication, facilitation and presentation skills  • Accomplished and highly skilled in the use of technology such as MS Word, Power Point, Excel, Access, Google Calendar, online project management systems, setting up emails, phone mail boxes, mobile and online technology integration, etc. (Note: Must have comfort learning/seeking understanding of areas unfamilar with)  • Highly proficient in MS Office Suite - ability to create, write and format documents • Must be set up to work remotely • Experience in managing budgets and vendors  FULL TIME POSITION BEGINS IMMEDIATELY Pay Based on Experience
3142:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	Barneys New York, the world’s leading luxury retailer, is committed to providing the best of everything: merchandise, customer service and innovative people with creative ideas. We are currently seeking Department Managers for Women’s Designer and Men’s Contemporary at our Madison Avenue flagship store in New York, New York.    The Department Manager is directly responsible for customer service, sales performance, floor merchandise presentation and physical inventory results.  All sales and support associates in the department report to the Department Manager, who ensures that their job functions are executed.    Responsibilities:     Customer Service   • Direct and demonstrate the priority of customer acknowledgement and service over all other tasks     • Build a personal relationship with customers in the store to increase sales penetration and traffic  • Manage the selling and service culture of the store     Sales & Merchandise Management   • Utilize all available resources to develop an intimate knowledge of store merchandise in own and other areas    • Understand and maintain company merchandising philosophy and standards   • Analyze sales performance and strategies to maximize opportunities and improve overall performance   • Serve as an effective and creative participant in coordinating and executing special events   • Consistently communicate with Corporate Store Operations and Buying Office regarding merchandise needs    Development   • Actively participate in recruiting and selecting new employees   • Work intensively with new employees to ensure their understanding of the Barneys New York culture and standards   • Train, coach and challenge others to help them achieve their fullest potential    Loss Prevention & Operations     • Develop and implement initiatives to reduce loss, partnering with the appropriate store and corporate executives   • Facilitate accurate and efficient physical inventories   • Plan and organize operational tasks so that they are completed in the most effective manner with minimal disruption to customer service   • Demonstrate fiscal responsibility and contribute to achieving store and company expense initiatives     Qualifications:     • Minimum of 5 years of luxury retail management experience, specifically with a background in Women’s Designer or Men’s Contemporary  • BA preferred  • Possess exemplary customer service, greeting customers in a positive, upbeat and friendly manner  • Strong emphasis on merchandising and analytical skills  • Strong organizational skills   • Knowledge of Barneys New York stores and an understanding of our vendors are preferred  • Highly motivated, forward thinking   • Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and multi-task  • Computer proficient    Barneys New York offers competitive compensation, comprehensive benefits and a generous discount. Only candidates selected for further consideration will be contacted. EOE.
3144:supervising-job	We are a fast growing Mobile Marketing Firm(text message) with clients that include franchisees of major fast food chains such as McDonalds, Papa John's, Smashburger, Subway to name a few.    As an Area Sales Director you will develop a Sales Team of 10-20 Sales Reps that you will manage. As a Director you work with your Sales Team in closing sales, meeting sales goals etc. This is a  Commission Based Position. An Area Manager can be earning $20k to $30k per month.    The best candidate is an individual that is a Self Starter, Entrepreneurial Spirit, has potential Sales Team Candidates etc
3145:supervising-job licence-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	Diversicare Healthcare Services provides quality care for our nation's seniors.  We believe our mission is to improve every life we touch by providing excellent care and compassion.  We live our Core Values every day, proving Integrity, Compassion, Excellence, Teamwork and Stewardship for our residents and staff.  We are searching for a Nurse Consultant with expertise in Long-Term Care, experience as a Director of Nursing / Nursing Home Administrator.  This position will cover 3 homes in Southwest West Virginia and one in SE Ohio - Wheelersburg.  ACCOUNTABILITY OBJECTIVES  Plans, develops, directs and coordinates the Continuous Quality Improvement activities of the region’s nursing homes, to ensure the quality of services provided is consistent with applicable rules and regulations and the standards of the Corporation.  BACKGROUND QUALIFICATIONS  1. Current Licensure in state as an R.N. 2. Current Licensure in state as Nursing Home Administrator is preferred. 3. At least three years experience as a Director of Nursing, in long-term care. 4. At least three years experience as a Nursing Home Administrator is preferred. 5. Good interpersonal skills and ability to teach.   KEY RESPONSIBILITIES  1. Visits facilities regularly to perform CQI audits; follows-up on problems as needed.  Responsible to ensure at least two audits per year in each facility is conducted. 2. Assists in overall operations of facilities, as needed. 3. Develops policies, procedures and systems necessary to accomplish the quality goals of the company. 4. Provides support to ensure each facility has an effective CQI program implemented and that resident outcomes are favorable. 5. Monitors Key Indicator and skin condition trends and reacts to same as needed. 6. Assists in risk management by assuring safe working practices are followed in each facility and that appropriate procedures and documentation are in place regarding liability issues. 7. Provides support and assistance so that education programs needed at the facilities to accomplish goals are provided. 8. Coordinates the Director of Nursing and Regional CQI Committee for development of procedures and systems. 9. Ensures standardized policies, developed by the company and the regional committees, are utilized in each facility. 10. Ensures regions’ policies and practices are consistent with current standard practice. 11. Assists each facility in attaining and maintaining accreditation status with the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations. 12. Assists in selecting and training new Directors of Nursing and Administrators. 13. Assists Administrators and director of Nursing in development of strategic action plans to resolve problems.  Assists with reviews and recommendations for staffing and workload allocations.  Monitors home performance in all areas of operations and become a part of the team for resolution of problems.  Attends CQI committee meetings in facilities with need for assistance. 14. Acting Administrator/Director of Nursing in the event of absence in a facility in an emergency. 15. Assists each facility in preparation for state and federal inspections; attends all state/federal surveys and acts as facility advocate to ensure good results.  Assists in appeal process; prepares and attends appeals hearing. 16. Reviews and approves all “plans of correction” prior to submission to the state. 17. Reports monthly to the Regional Vice President regarding key Indicator and resident care outcome results for each facility.  Assists facilities in establishing quality goals for the year. Director Continuous Quality Improvement Page 3  18. Trains, coaches, recommends disciplines and/or termination of Administrators as needed. 19. Maintains effective communication with residents, family and facility staff to identify problems and act as advocate.  Conducts personal interviews with residents, family and staff to ascertain satisfaction level. 20. May be required to drive for company business with company or personal vehicle. 21. Other duties as assigned.
3146:supervising-job licence-needed	Make a Difference in our Residents' Lives !   Doctors Healthcare & Rehabilitation Center located at 9009 White Rock Trail in Dallas is seeking a Certified Activity Director in Long-Term Care who loves the elderly and wants to ensure they are being cared for with compassion and integrity!   We live our Core Values of Integrity, Excellence, Compassion, Teamwork & Stewardship every day with every life we touch, providing exceptional healthcare and exceeding expectations.   If these are your values as well, APPLY NOW !   ACCOUNTABILITY OBJECTIVE:   Responsible for coordinating, directing and planning the recreation programs to meet the specific needs of each and all residents. Ensures residents’ lives are maintained to the extent possible by providing activities and contacts with the community. Obtains transportation for the residents to various life enrichment programs.   BACKGROUND/QUALIFICATIONS:   1. Required Certification as Activity Director by State of Texas.   2. Previous Experience as Activities Director in Long-Term Care / Skilled Nursing   3. Ability to direct and perform a variety of activities and to respond to varied needs of the residents.   4. Imagination and creativity preferred.   KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:   1. Development and coordination of activities program designed to promote the residents active involvement with each other, their families and the community, and involve staff in implementing program goals.   2. Plans and implements an activities calendar each month, which includes life skills, education and recreational programming daily. Provides a calendar for each resident, their families, and friends. Post calendars throughout the residence. Demonstrate documents involvement with all residents, staff, residents’ families, volunteers and community resources.   3. Provide one to one programming for residents who cannot participate in a group setting.   4. Coordinate the transportation of residents to and from events outside of the residence, which may include driving a residence motor vehicle. Is accountable for all residents’ presence when leaving or returning to a residence.   5. Take inventory and purchase activity supplies including recreational equipment, supplies for games, books, current magazines and daily newspaper for living and recreational areas, operating within the facility’s budget and according to administrative policy.   6. Participates in the review of individual Residents’ Service Plans and documents activities progress every six months or when there is a significant change in the resident.   7. Trains staff on the importance of meaningful activities and other areas regarding the quality of life for residents.   8. Coordinates quarterly special events at the residence, which includes residents, families and friends.   9. Recruits, trains and supervises volunteers.   10. Participates in discharge planning with other members of the management team.   11. Develops community resources and contacts to enhance the quality of life for residents.   12. Be familiar with the Adult Care Home Residents’ Bill of Rights and assist residents with exercising these rights.
3150:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 1-year-experience-needed	The *Accounts Payable Supervisor* is responsible for overseeing the entire accounts payable department as well as directing staff in processing invoices and payments and handling expense accounts in a fast paced, high volume working environment.  *KEY TASKS and RESPONSIBILITIES:* • Manage day to day work flow of Accounts Payable staff to ensure all   invoices are processed accurately and on time. • Respond to vendor calls and work with vendors to arrange payments. • Daily auditing and posting of invoices to ensure accuracy  • Build and review payable checks  • Develop back up for cost of goods sold entry and reconcile COGS and sales • General administrative and clerical tasks and supervision as required  *SKILLS and ATTRIBUTES:* • Demonstrated ability to map work flows of administrative staff to maximize   efficiencies of staff. • Well-developed interpersonal and communication skills  • Ability to multitask given a high volume, fast paced environment • Ability to manage a diverse work force  *COMPUTER SKILLS/TECHNICAL SKILLS:* Current working experience with the following systems and/or software: • Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Excel and Word) • _Microsoft Dynamics (Great Plains) accounting software preferred_ • Microsoft Access (database administration) • Inventory Control software (Tomax) • Office equipment: Copiers, Fax machines, multiline phones, and other   office equipment  *EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE:* • Bachelor’s degree in Accounting combined with 1-3 years of Accounts Payable supervisory experience.
3151:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	Bowers Manufacturing Company, an established and fast growing manufacturer of aluminum extrusions and fabricated components located in Portage, MI, is seeking a Production Manager for their Anodizing department. This position oversees the Anodizing and Finishing Departments while maintaining safety, quality, and production standards. Successful candidates will have supervisory / management experience in a high-volume production environment. Anodizing or electro-polishing experience is highly preferred. Candidates should also be able to show strong examples of leadership, teamwork development, and in-depth understanding of Lean Manufacturing, Process Improvement, and Problem Solving.   Job Duties / Responsibilities:  -Exercises direct leadership over department supervisors and has responsibility for safe and efficient operation of all aspects of department. -Actively leads process improvement activities and cost reduction programs. -Provides training in technical operations, as well as all departmental procedures. -Communicates effectively at all levels of organization regarding departmental strategies and results. -Promotes a safe and clean environment.   Job Requirements / Qualifications:  -Must possess a degree in related area and have 5+ years supervisory experience in a high-volume manufacturing environment. -Anodizing / electro-polishing experience and technical understanding. -Strong familiarity with ISO / TS quality systems and standards. -Strong interpersonal skills. -Must be able to trouble shoot to find and address root cause(s).   Bowers Manufacturing Company offers competitive salary and benefits, which include:    -Medical -Dental -Vision  -401K & Life/Disability insurance   TO APPLY:   1. Complete and submit online application: www.example.com 2. Submit an updated resume to our company email address, through the link on this site   THANK YOU FOR YOUR INTEREST IN EMPLOYMENT WITH OUR COMPANY!
3154:ms-or-phd-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Location: New York, NY  Duration: 12+ Months     Responsible for enterprise-wide middleware and application hosting technology standards, patterns and lifecycle. This includes: researching new products and changes/updates/patches for existing products – develop and define configuration, packaging and deployment standards as well as HA and DR strategies - development of product and technology patterns - testing and evaluating standards and patterns - writing comprehensive technical documentation.   Core Technologies include but not limited to:   1.WebLogic  2.Apache Web Server  3.TC Server (TomCat)  4.Coherence  5.IIS / .NET  6.Amazon Web Services   Accountabilities:   1.Author Product Design, Implementation and Support documentation  2.Provide support to the Solutions Engineering team towards designing solutions to meet project requirements  3.Develop methods to create repeatable and efficient procedures to deploy products  4.Develop frameworks and best practices for disaster recovery and high availability application design, DMZ application hosting, test environment specifications, etc that can be applied consistently to application infrastructure deployments  5.Manage the lifecycle of the full catalog of application hosting and middleware technology products   Experience:  •Significant expertise (5 to 7 years) in defining, designing and deploying global business applications with both internal and external customer focus  •Certifications in Core technologies preferred  •Significant expertise and experience in defining philosophy and principles for global engineering in middleware and application hosting technologies.  •Shell, Python, Pearl, Ruby and Powershell scripting experience to automate tasks and procedures  •Experience in Unix, Linux and Windows environments  •Self starter with desire to understand work and project objectives, not just execute  •Possesses a good understanding of IT service management  •Strong communication (oral and written) and influencing skills, with the ability to communicate new concepts, and drive change in process and behaviors.  •Significant experience with hardware and software products that provide high availability and disaster recovery functionality such as clustering and data caching and replication  •Significant experience with tuning database environments to ensure optimal performance  •Strong analytical focus, results-oriented and execution driven, with the ability to align technology developments with the generation of potential competitive business advantage.  •Ability to quickly learn and apply new technologies  •Ability to identify and elaborate enterprise-wide impact of major product technology trends.  •Has played a lead role in architecture, design and documentation of database infrastructure technologies, with SME knowledge in one or more related areas.  •Has significant experience in vendor management, communication with vendor engineering and vendor product development.  •Strong problem solving and root cause analysis skills, with the ability to identify learning opportunities, improve current processes.  •Effective communications and presentation delivery skills, especially to senior management on technology strategies and standards; able to create and maintain cross-segment relationships and foster collaboration, knowledge sharing and cooperation.   Located above Penn Station, convenient location to the Tri-state area.   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   This role is typically engaged as the highest-level technology expert on a project team. Partners with business analysts, systems analysts and engineers in requirements gathering and reviews. Responsible for analyzing and translating business, information and technical requirements into an architectural blueprint that outlines solutions to achieve business objectives. Works with enterprise architecture, application and infrastructure teams to produce an optimal, high level, conceptual design for the project. Develops enterprise level solutions that integrate across applications, systems and platforms. Proposes changes in process, policy and standards as they relate to the architecture and design principles. Researches and maintains knowledge in emerging technologies and solutions to solve business problems. Viewed as a technical expert and critical resource across multiple disciplines. Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or other related field. Or equivalent work experience. Typically has 0 - 2 years of experience in multiple IT areas and 2 to 3 years of relevant architecture and project management experience. Requires advanced to expert level knowledge and understanding of architecture, application design, systems engineering and integration.  Thanks and Regards Kenith Grace IT Solutions   XXX 
3155:2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	The Business Development Sales Engineer (BDSE) will work with Business Development and SMB Sales Representatives (BDRs and SMBRs) to develop new business on solutions offered by Qumu. The BDSE must work in a consultative role to understand SMB customer needs and align them with a solution architected around the company’s Video Control Center platform. One must be able to clearly and persuasively communicate, via written work and oral presentations, a tailored message detailing the benefits of Qumu’s offerings to audiences ranging from network engineers to senior executives.  Specifically, the BDSE will deliver remote presentations and product demonstrations in support of BDR efforts to close entry level transactions. Additoinally, the BDSE will work with our Business Development team to meet and discuss with current and potential Qumu business and technology partners the merits and technicial capabilities of a joint solution offering. Finally, the BDSE will support the Americas Sales Engineering team in their efforts working with prospects through Proof of Concepts (POCs) by managing and preparing equipment for product evaluations. Essential Functions   Provide leadership in the sales process in tandem with the Qumu’s BDRs and SMBRs, providing technical consulting and direct business domain expertise  Present and demonstrate Qumu’s product offerings tailored to customer / partner’s objectives  Support the Sales Engineering Team as needed in responding to RFP/RFIs, and customer proposals by assisting in the delivery of technical responses  Manage Qumu’s Evaluation Equipment pool for use in technical validations and pilot engagements  Become a trusted advisor to SMB prospects in helping them understand the video communications landscape  Facilitate the client transition from SMB Sales to the Qumu’s Professional and Customer Services teams  Provide feedback to Qumu’s Product Management team related to client and industry needs discovered during the sales process  Consistent and complete customer follow-up    Desired Skills Excellent verbal, written, presentation and interpersonal communication skills  Working knowledge of streaming media and online video technologies, CDN’s, encoders, decoders, and multimedia video formats (Microsoft Windows Media, Microsoft Smooth Streaming, Adobe Flash, H.264/MPEG-4, Apple HLS)  Experience working with Windows Server 2008  ·         Proficiency in basic web programming languages (HTML, XML, JavaScript) Understanding of general networking concepts / TCP/IP networking fundamentals  Experience working with Video Teleconferencing, A/V Production Systems a plus    Education / Experience  BS in a technical field (i.e. Computer Science or equivalent)  4+ years experience in technology / consulting / software industry  2+ years experience as a Sales Engineer  We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. It is our policy to provide equal employment opportunities to all qualified persons without regard to race, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, religion, national origin, disability, veteran status or marital status or any other proscribed category set forth in federal or state regulations.  Please read the following information carefully before submitting this application:  ·         I certify that the information given by me is true in all respects.  ·         I understand the misrepresentation or omission of facts on this application, on my resume or during any stage of the hiring process will eliminate me from further consideration and if discovered after hire may result in the termination of my employment.   ·         I understand that the information contained in this employment application or my being invited to participate in any stage of the hiring process is NOT intended to create an employment contract between this Company and myself.    ·         I understand that employment with this Company is contingent upon several factors, including a satisfactory background and reference check.   By submitting this application, I acknowledge that I have read, understand and agree with the above statements.   www.example.com
3159:full-time-job salary supervising-job	Colorful Concepts Painting and Custom Finishing, Inc. is a full service painting company, specializing in the areas of multi-family and senior housing, clinics and hospitals, as well as wood restoration and repair.  We also provide residential interior and exterior painting services including vinyl wallcovering and wall paper installation and removal.     Currently we are looking to hire Field Operations Manager.   Job purpose of Field Operations Manager oversees all field supervisors, field applicators, and general laborers.  It is the responsibility of the Field Operations Manager to ensure the quality of the projects and ensures both the employees of Colorful Concepts Painting and Custom Finishing, Inc. and the clients/customers are happy with the progress of the project.  The Field Operations Manager reports to the President and/or Project Manager.    Key duties and responsibilities of the Field Operations Manager include but are not limited to:  1. Ensures all equipment, sundries and supplies are well managed both onsite, in vehicles and at the shop.  2. All equipment, sundries and supplies are inventoried and accounted for.   3. Executes project schedules.  This means ensuring all applicators and general laborers know where to be and when to be there.  4. Oversees all training of new employees and ongoing education of applicators and general laborers.   5. Paints on site.    6. Organizes the back of the shop.  7. Notifies the President of any vehicle or equipment maintenance required.  8. Ensures employees are following company policies and oversees minor disciplinary actions.    Please provide a detailed resume indicating your experience in the construction industry with salary expectations.  Experience is not required but preferred.  Travel may be required.
3170:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	*POSITION SUMMARY:*   The IT Operations Engineer is responsible for serving as an advanced-level technical expert and will participate in or oversee a variety of analytical and technical assignments that provide for problem diagnosis and solutions documentation, implementation, administration, support, and maintenance of a variety of hardware, software, and network products in an information technology infrastructure environment. The IT Operations Engineer will be in a leadership role and will be responsible for leading a team of 10 Enterprise System Administrators.  The IT Operations Engineer primary functions will be to:  facilitate design review prior to implementation of solutions, ensure solutions are designed to take advantage of existing assets, act as a liaison between infrastructure and operations senior leadership, review solution architecture blue prints with team members, provide architectural assurance throughout development lifecycle and has the responsibility for architecture and technical design documentation for productions systems and related integrations with dependent sub-systems    *REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:*  • Demonstrated knowledge of instrumentation, deployment design, performance tuning, and problem diagnosis of J2EE and COTS applications with specific tools such as Websphere, Weblogic and Tomcat • Advanced knowledge of network management software such as SolarWinds Orion, as well as advanced knowledge of network device management techniques  • Skilled in various scripting languages such as Powershell, Win Shell, Perl, Groovy, Korn Shell, or BashStrong analytical and problem solving skills  • Knowledge of Java related technologies such as Java, JavaScript, JSP, HTML, XML, and SQL. • Knowledge of J2EE application servers such as IBM WebSphere, Weblogic and Tomcat • Ability to install, configure and troubleshoot Enterprise Service Bus technologies, such as Oracle Fusion. • Knowledge in Service Oriented Architecture(SOA) concepts and methodologies • Solid understanding of security concerns and considerations for the technical design and deployment of business applications • Strong knowledge of routed protocols including TCP/IP, HTTP, HTTPS, SMTP, SFTP and SMB and networking and networked devices and load balancing technologies    *REQUIRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:*  • Bachelor’s degree in MIS, Computer Science or related area OR equivalent years in education, training and relevant experience • 7 or more years of combined experience to include all of the following:  o systems administration o multi-tier architectures and complex integrations with both internal and external systems o troubleshooting at application, application server, network and database layers. o Experience with an application performance monitoring toolset, Java profilers and database profilers. • 5 or more years of combined experience to include the following  o tools to produce architecture/design artifacts, such as Visio and IBM Rational Architect o producing deployment architectures involving firewalls, load balancers, and other infrastructure components  *PREFERRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:* • Master’s degree in MIS, Computer Science or related area • Property Insurance Industry knowledge • Unix, Guidewire Applications, Oracle Fusion Middleware, Alfresco Document Repository, Thunderhead Document Production, Oracle Insbridge, or Flux Job Scheduler knowledge • Wily monitoring toolset knowledge
3174:2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Eventive Marketing   Position Title: Account Manager (AM)   Reports To: Director, Account Services    Position Summary: Responsible for the day-to-day project management and execution, and assists account team in providing marketing direction to the client. This position is the key contact with client and provides the highest quality work in the quickest, most cost-effective manner. The Account Manager is responsible for building and strengthening internal and client relationships, supervises daily activity of and manages development of Account Coordinator (AC) for expanding the scope of the client relationship based on opportunities observed. Approximate responsibilities include 30% client service, 30% program management, 25% program development/management, 10% mentoring, and 5% administration.  Essential Duties: Client Management Manages daily client communication, expectations and contact with clients on assigned projects. • Develop client relationships at appropriate levels. • Attend and participate in/lead client presentations. • Secures approval of agency recommendations, including plans, budgets, timetables, creative (copy, layouts, finished art) and production elements.  Account Management Lead execution of project(s) for assigned client(s). • Maintain communication with internal team members during project. • Generate all necessary paperwork; creative briefs, job change forms, timelines, estimates, project communications/conference reports and daily paperwork. • Participate in creative development and reviews to ensure that concepts and execution are on strategy and meet objectives. • Assist in procuring and managing external resources/suppliers when necessary; field staff, talent, mobile marketing suppliers, etc. • Manage executional phases of field programs and ensure that program meets agreed upon objectives and delivers/scope of work. • Ensure flawless and timely execution of specific projects. • Manage and ensure adherence to project budgets and timelines. • Maintain project files.  Strategic Participation Develops and maintains working knowledge of clients’ business, industry and marketing needs. • Works with AD in developing relevant project strategies.  Financial Management Responsible for managing project budget. • Reviews estimates developed by AC after receiving approval from AD, submits to client for approval. • Monitors project costs weekly to ensure client budgets are maintained. • Review and approve client invoices, recommends necessary billing adjustments and submits to AD for approval.  Agency/Staff Development Possess excellent people management skills. • Manages and trains Account Coordinator. • Regular and ongoing interactions with people at all levels in various agency departments such as marketing, creative, production and accounting. • Makes recommendations to AD for staffing needs and interviews candidates if appropriate. • Proficient in agency processes and procedures.  Experience: • 4-7 years agency/client brand experience. • 2-3 years relevant experience in experiential marketing program execution. • 2-3 years proven management experience of a team of 2+ employees. • Experience negotiating partnerships and developing contracts a plus.  General Skills: • Basic understanding of marketing communications and creative principles, including all elements of the marketing mix; event marketing, advertising, promotion, merchandising, PR, and relationship marketing. • Strong written and oral communication skills, organizational and leadership capabilities. • Strong attention to detail. • Displays sense of urgency by acting quickly when action or changes are necessary. • Recognizes and anticipates client and AD needs by projects and identifies resources necessary to meet them. • Proficient in managing multiple projects simultaneously. • Good problem solving skills; including communication and anticipation of issues with creative and analytical resolution.  Computer Competencies: • Proficient with MS Word, Excel, and PowerPoint software.  Education: • Minimum B.S. /B.A. • Marketing Communications or related discipline preferred.
3182:supervising-job salary 2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job	Area Coach- Georgia Region  55,000-85,000 Per Year Salary. Position locations include the Perry, Macon, Warner Robbins Area  Tacala LLC, America's Largest Franchisee of Taco Bell is growing. We are looking to expand our teams in the Georgia Market. Looking to Heat Up Your Career? Want to be recognized, developed, challenged, awarded for your efforts? Do you have a \"Here to Serve\" Heart? Do you value integrity and want to be part of something big? Tacala is the company you are looking for.   The Area Coach (AC) provides overall leadership and direct supervision of approximately 5 - 10 Taco Bell restaurants to ensure that each Restaurant General Manager (RGM) meets or exceeds the Annual Operating Plan established for their individual unit.   The position is intended to be almost exclusively as support for the RGMs. The AC accomplishes these objectives by actively engaging in the coaching and direction of RGMs and Assistant General Managers (AGMs) on a day-to-day basis. Focal points include establishing and reviewing unit-specific performance targets in guest service, margin improvement and employee satisfaction, maintaining company standards in food safety, product and facility specifications, allocating limited capital budgets to meet highest priority facility needs, introducing and reinforcing new company products and initiatives, and selecting, training, developing and motivating managerial employees. The AC may directly perform hands-on operational work as necessary to train new managerial employees, respond to immediate or severe customer service needs or otherwise role model appropriate skills and behaviors in the restaurant.  2 years experience required.   Benefits Include: •Company Vehicle •Communication Allowance •Major Medical •Dental, Vision •Short and Long Term Disability •Structured Training and Development •Monthly Bonus Eligibility
3183:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed full-time-job	Cleinman Performance Partners seeks a Learning & Development Manager to oversee all client and staff training and continuing education programs, ensuring that all team development programs are successfully implemented and executed.  Specifically, responsibilities include (but are not limited to):   Managing and growing member acquisition and partner alliance programs;  Managing all client, staff-focused education programs and offerings;  Providing program support to the Resources department;  Managing (and growing) the doctor continuing education and graduate student programs;  Acting as project manager for the company onboarding program;  Managing the Staff Morale program and coordinating all in-house training activities and programs.  The L&D Manager must work to develop strong educational networks within the industry, provide operational oversight, and offer strategic direction for growth of their programs.  Successful candidate will be a team player who is flexible, adaptable, and eager to learn, but who has knowledge and experience to bring to the position.    Full-time with benefits; some travel required.  Education and Relevant Work Experience   Bachelor’s degree or equivalent industry certificate required  At least 5 years’ experience in Learning & Development, Education, or related field  Optical Industry experience preferred Skills and abilities  Strong customer service skills; detail-oriented and process-focused  Proven ability to lead by example, be a self-starter, and foster mentoring relationships  Outstanding verbal, written, multi-tasking and presentation skills  Program development a plus
3184:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	We're looking for a motivated Superintendent who has 5+ years of commercial construction experience. We are looking for someone who has experience with all phases of ground up projects including site/earthwork, concrete, interior, exterior envelope, etc. We currently have a number of multi-family apartment buildings we're working on and previous experience with this type of construction would be beneficial, but not required.  We're also looking for a strong PM that can multi-task and move between multiple projects at a time. Strong computer and organizational skills are a must. You must have experience with contract negotiations, estimating, budgeting, buying out scope, etc.
3199:supervising-job full-time-job	Store manager for a fast pace auto recycling center on 12th Street in Ogden; like a pick and pull. This is a fulltime long-term position with a competitive compensation.  Duties: Order supplies for the workplace Take note of employee’s time request with anticipation Maintain a clean facility Enforce company employee requirements   i.e. Appearance, Conduct, Customer Service, etc. Help where needed - Will require being knowledgeable in different departments Create weekend specials on a weekly basis  Schedule work shifts within an 80 hour pay period / not to exceed into overtime  Responsibilities: Maintain an open communication environment with coworkers Track the safe balance – Coins and bills Balance Tills – Beginning shift and End shift Take corrective action towards an employee when needed Hire / Terminate personnel Assist in training new personnel / Personnel relations Take immediate action and diffuse customer altercations Communicate with customers in a diligent, polite, knowledgeable, and understanding manner Create duties for employees when customer traffic is slow Become an example for others at the workplace Take preventative measures to ensure workplace functionality
3201:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job bs-degree-needed salary	Expert Assistance in Regulations/Standards for Offshore Oil and Gas Operations    Manhattan Strategy Group (MSG) is a boutique management consulting firm dedicated to helping commercial and federal agencies achieve and sustain performance excellence. MSG delivers solutions in the areas of research and evaluation, organizational improvement, training and technical assistance, and program support.    We are seeking a petroleum engineering consultant to provide expert assistance to federal agencies in the areas of regulations and standards pertaining to offshore oil and gas operations. This will be accomplished by attending domestic and potentially international organizations’ standards development committee meetings and act as an observer for our client, including attend in person or via teleconference, international and domestic standards meetings and workshops. The work  will also entail review of standards documents currently under development/review, and provide recommendations for client to incorporate by reference into its oil and gas industry regulations.   Key Responsibilities:   The position will entail conducting comprehensive comparison and analysis of standards documents currently under development/review, or recently revised versions of previous editions of standards documents.    Attend meetings of Standards development organizations to include:  a.Take detailed notes at domestic or international meetings and provide input to client. b. Evaluate meeting documents and determine areas or issues of potential interest to federal     regulations and standards programs. Identify sections or issues in standards documents that may need further review .  c. Provide monthly highlights of meeting document(s) to include discussion of changes, modifications, or new additions made to standards documents which may affect federal regulations or interpretation of the regulations. d. Make suggestions to client as needed, regarding potential differences in new or revised industry standards document(s). Identify potential reasons for our federal client’s consideration for incorporating an entire document, specific section(s) of the document, the document with additional stipulations or not incorporating the document at all. e. Provide a draft and final year-end report to of all activates, recommendations and documentation.  Monthly Status Reports • Prepare and submit monthly status reports on all project activities within the scope of work.  Quarterly On-Site Meetings • Conduct quarterly update in-person meetings to include a discussion of all meetings attended, analysis of reports, and recommendations.  Key Qualifications:  • Thorough knowledge, skill sets and understanding of domestic and international engineering standards (development processes, trade laws and licensing) for offshore oil and gas operations in the following areas: a. Domestic engineering standards documents currently incorporated into the regulations and new documents under development or consideration for development by standard-setting organizations that may have an impact on federal regulations. b. International engineering standards documents as prescribed by Standards Development Organizations (SDO) such as Oil and Gas Producers Association (OGP), American Petroleum Institute (API), International Organization for Standards (ISO), Center for Offshore Safety (COS) and the Norwegian and United Kingdom bodies. c. Have general knowledge of statues and regulations, including BSEE regulations in 30 CFR Part 250 that affect the oil and gas industry and offshore energy development activities.  • Ability to convey complex technical issues effectively and efficiently to a broad range of readers who may not have direct knowledge of technical issues.  • Experience attending and or serving in standards development committee(s) in the oil and gas sector.  • Strong analytical, writing and editorial skills.  • Cross-cultural and professional communications skills   • Degree in Petroleum Engineering; 5+ years of work experience in the oil and gas industry  • Foreign language skills a plus  This position requires a 75%+ time commitment annually and travel is expected.    Manhattan Strategy an Equal Employment Opportunity company provides, to fulltime employees:  Competitive Salary   Paid Vacation, Holiday and Sick Leave   Health Insurance Plan  401K Plan  Send resume and cover letter highlighting relevant experience.
3205:supervising-job full-time-job	RESPONSIBILITIES:  SUMMARY: Oversees stores areas of food service (proprietary and/or QSR) and Dispensed Beverages programs and projects, vendor relations, store execution and training, and employee development as it relates to training. Ensures the overall food service conditions comply with GPM and government health standards including: cleaning, customer service, and merchandising, expense control, and quality of products, thereby maximizing operations profits. Coordinates food and beverage activities by performing the following duties personally or through subordinates supervisors:  RELOCATION EXPENSES WILLNOT BE OFFERED.  ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties my be assigned.  -Ensures food and beverage sales and profits are maximized by monitoring Deli/QSR conditions, in-stock efficiency, pricing, promotions, POS, food quality, food costs, sanitation standards and customer service. -Primary educator and resource person for the District Managers, Store Managers, Deli and Branded QSR Managers in the food service, dispensed beverage and franchise food categories. -Trains, coaches and confers with food preparation and other personnel to implememt programs, menus, recipes and other activities related to food operations. -Trains, coaches, and inspects food, food preparation and equipment to maintain quality standards, and sanitation regulations. -Ensures all locations are maintained in compliance with Corporate and QSR standards and guidelines. -Visits all food locations within the region at least once per month. -Provides visit recaps signed by the store manager, food service manager and/or QSR manager. -Conducts quarterly Foodservice/Beverage/QSR compliance checklist with District Manager. -Investigates and helps resolve food quality and customer service comments/concerns/complaints. -Provides weekly and monthly reports for inventory over/short, waste and food costs. -Trains and implements new programs designed for proprietary delis, dispensed beverages and branded QSR's. - Develops training procedures and updates manuals as needed. -Provides merchandising and plan-o-gram support. -Develops and aids in implementation of grassroots advertising tactics. -Ensures proper staffing and training of personnel in all stores within assigned region. -Provides recommendations to Director of Food and Beverage based on financial and industry data. -Teaches Food Service, Dispensed Beverage and Serv-Safe classes. Ensures Serv-Safe certificates stay current for all employees in their region. -Will assist in the screening and interviewing process for new food service employees and provide input for succession planning. -Builds and maintains positive working relationships with local franchise consultants and health agencies. -Ensures all Health Department/QSR inspection issues are addressed by following up with other departments within the company. -Provides monthly recap/scorecard on all inspections. -Conduct meetings (as deemed necessary) with Deli Mangers to ensure consistent and clear communications as well as ongoing education. -Participate in local franchise meetings as needed. -Attends and participates in monthly/bi-monthly Operational sales meetings. -Other assigned duties as it relates to food service, dispensed beverages and Branded QSR's.  SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: -This position has no direct reports  QUALIFICATIONS: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  REQUIREMENTS/SKILLS:  -Food Service experience is a must -Serv-Safe Certified, Instructor and Proctor (instructor/proctor status can occur after in position) -QSR certified trainer (can occur after in position) -Favorable performance review -Access to a car or other motorized vehicle with liability insurance on such vehicle -Strong Excel and Word skills. Power Point skills a plus -Detail oriented with good organizational and problem solving skills -Strong PDI accounting software experience -Some localized and limited overnight travel, as needed -Great communication skills both orally and written -Ability to interact with management and staff at all levels  EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE:  -Operations background and Multi unit experience required -Demonstrated ability to train and implement programs -High School diploma or above  PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accomodations my be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  -Ability ot lift 40lb food containers  WORK ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  -Working one on one in delis and branded QSR's performing training, researching, and mentoring. -Some office work preparing reports and other assignments as so directed.
3206:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed ms-or-phd-needed	Immediate opening for a Sales Desk EDU Manager working on-site at Microsoft.  This role will interface with Field Sales, Technology Specialists, Solution Specialists, and a Proposal Writing Team.  The Sales Desk delivers innovative and trusted world class services that enable our Sales Organization to develop long term customer relationships and maximize revenue attainment. We assist account teams across SMSG (EPG, PS, CA, SMSP, Services) build winning, value-based proposals (Enterprise Agreement Proposals, Unsolicited Proposals and RFx’s, integrating software and services).  Job Responsibilities: The Sales Desk EDU RFP Manager responsibilities include and are not limited to: • Lead planning sessions with Account Teams to develop effective, highly-customized customer-focused RFPs and Proposals that are in alignment with the customer’s key business initiatives/priorities/requirements, and speaks to Microsoft capabilities, differentiators, and win themes • Establish strong alignment and subject matter expertise (SME) to FY14 EDU Plan, Priorities and Scorecard metrics, across OS, Apps, Cloud and Devices. Drive business development activities with both WW segments (EPG, SMSP, Services …) and Business Groups • Coordinate with Sales Desk Knowledge Center to develop proposal and RFP content strategy and plans • As virtual manager of a team of Proposal Writers, you will be directly responsible for developing your team through coaching, mentoring, and career development  Required Qualifications: • 7+ years of experience with project management, consulting, and/or sales.  • 5+ years of experience with the Education sector • Leadership Skills: Demonstrated leadership skills, positive attitude and abilty to motivate others, able and willing to face challenges, delegate and provide direction to others; drive discussions with account teams to establish the structure and strategy for the proposal and translate complicated ideas • Communication & Interpersonal Skills: Demonstrates strong verbal and written communication skills. Effectively engages with others and establishes trust, credibility, and confidence. • Collaborative: Ability to collaborate and work as a team; dynamic interpersonal skills to interact at all levels of management/stakeholders and serve as leader/coach/mentor to team • Initiative: Flexible to work in a changing environment with high stress and tight deadlines; ability to successfully execute many complex tasks simultaneously, maintain professional attitude, and work as a team member, as well as independently • Technical: 200 level proficiency of Microsoft’s key solutions across Core Infrastructure, Business Productivity, and Application Platform • Other: As the Education sector SME, candidate must have a deep knowledge and understanding of the Education sector. Ability to work flexible hours as needed, in order to meet stakeholder and customer deadlines world wide and meet with Sales Desk team members globally. Additionally, demonstrated track record of writing winning proposals and ability to attract new business opportunities is highly desired. • Master’s Degree in Business preferred.
3214:1-year-experience-needed supervising-job	The Desktop Software Analyst is responsible for tier 1 and 2 desk side support of all desktop software, operating system, and remote access issues escalated from the help desk. Major responsibilities include: Provide direct hands on support to users who are experiencing desktop operating system, connectivity and application issues; perform hardware diagnostics and coordinate repairs; participate in planning, scheduling, and executing computer equipment installations, upgrades and replacement projects. The Desktop Specialist will manage and maintain the laptop loaner pool; responsible for all new hire setups, departures and changes; conference room setups; and escalate issues to appropriate senior individuals in IT.  Key Responsibilities:  • Maintains and addresses issues in the SharePoint Help Desk Queues. • Escalates problems to the Systems Administrator or IT Director when needed. • Ensures users in the network stay up and running by troubleshooting and fixing problems with their hardware or software. • Answers user questions about technology in the company. • Monitors for and prevents unauthorized software from operating on the network. • Creates and manages user accounts in active directory, mailboxes and distribution lists in Microsoft Exchange, badges on the access card system, and phone extensions in Avaya IP Office. • Images and Deploys laptops when needed. • Sets up and trains new users with laptop or dumb terminals, access cards, and office phone. • Maintains the IT department inventory. • Manages the purchase order book for the IT department. • Researches and recommends software, hardware, and system choices to improve the organization • Performs On Premise Monthly Maintenance (patches, reboots etc) • Assist IT Director and System Administrator with other duties when required.  Experience:  • 1-3 years of desktop software support and experience in a professional environment. • Resource Kit level knowledge of Windows 2008, Windows 2003, Windows 7 and Mac.  • Ability to work independently without intensive oversight - must be a go-getter and take initiative on a regular basis finding ways to avoid problems proactively rather than just fixing them after the fact)  • Strong understanding of the Microsoft Windows operating system and Microsoft office. • Understanding of Microsoft's Active Directory technology, the windows registry.
3218:full-time-job supervising-job associate-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	Seeking a full-time Accountant with HR and Office Administration experience for our growing business. The Accountant will be primarily responsible for AP/Payroll, the overall office administration, human relations. This is not an entry-level position, only qualified applicants will be considered.  About the Position  • Bookkeeping functions: basic financial bookkeeping tasks including accounts payable, bank account deposits, payroll and other financial functions • Human Resources functions: confidentially manage the HR administration, final drafts of position descriptions, recruit for open positions, process new employee and separation paperwork under supervision of CEO, conduct new hire orientations, manage the coordination of the hiring process, manage benefits enrollment and ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Handles employees relations under HR consultant. • Administrative functions: draft correspondence, mailings, create and maintain spreadsheets, database management, organize records, create forms, and manage distribution and inventory of CF equipment and property. Manage and coordinate all office-related functions; provide support and assistance to the CEO • Work cooperatively and collaboratively with staff to fulfill the mission and support team activities • Supervise support staff under the direction of the CEO /Director of Finance  Qualities of the perfect candidate  • Detail oriented, accurate, proven expertise in professional bookkeeping and financial skills. • Strong computer literacy skills including Microsoft Office (Word, Excel) and QuickBooks; create and manage documents; efficiently maintain contacts and other information electronically; and familiarity using databases • Experience managing human resources functions and benefits administration duties • Excellent office administration skills and prior experience successfully managing an office. • Must have at least 2-5 years Office Administration experience and Accounting Skills • Some College or equivalent in HR/Accounting, a plus • Strong interpersonal and communication skills • Ability to fully follow through on work assignments in a timely manner; juggling multiple responsibilities gracefully and maintain focus • Evidence of being highly energetic, self-starting, entrepreneurial and creative in developing ideas and opportunities • Evidence of strong organizational skills and attention to detail in managing time, information, competing demands and diverse client base  Benefits include • Compensation commensurate with experience • Subsidized health, dental and vision plans available • Opportunity for advancement as the business grows
3229:bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Seeking real estate/building professional to provide consulting services. Must have understanding of principles and policies relating to real estate management and long range planning.   Ability to understand and analyze maintenance and capital improvement recommendations and costs. Experience In the Federal Sector is preferred.  15 years experience in real estate management, development and/or construction is necessary   Bachelor's degree in business, architecture, engineering or a related field is required.
3234:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	Functioning in a supporting role as an operational extension of the the Supply Chain Services Teams, the Purchasing Manager is responsible for the procurement of goods through the development and implementation of product strategies and the management of supplier relationships.   This person will be required to understand how to determine supplier capabilities and capacity with a clear understanding of the upstream and downstream impact on the overall customer(s) experience. The Purchasing Manager must create and maintain strong relationships with suppliers, distributors, internal constituents / project teams and customers. The Purchasing Manager is involved in all aspects of sourcing requiring the skills necessary to identify cost saving opportunities, create competitive environments, creatively negotiate, generate contracts and manage delivery of optimal solutions. The Purchasing Manager is required to review purchasing data and must have the skills to identify cost-cutting opportunities and cost containment opportunities. This job requires a high degree of motivation, integrity and flexibility to succeed.    DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Analyzes and interprets data in coordination with the Supply Chain Analyst via the contract management system and business intelligence tools Maintains accountability for work status within assigned projects, targeting project completion dates aligned with required deadlines and time commitments Utilizes the SpenDifference project workflow tool appropriately to ensure accurate project status data and reporting is available to internal and external stakeholders Responsible for processing appropriate customer and supplier required documentation Complies with purchasing policies, practices and risk mitigation strategies Ensures accuracy and consistency with purchasing and contract documentation Monitors supplier/vendor status and performance in coordination with the Supply Chain Services Teams Communicates disputes and supplier/vendor performance issues to supervisors, as appropriate Communicates effectively and in a timely manner with the assigned SpenDifference customers Identifies vendor opportunities and challenges and partners with internal stakeholders, as appropriate, to ensure desired outcomes, i.e. executed opportunities, resolved challenges. Negotiates existing contracts for renewal Reports concerns related to defective or unacceptable new goods or services with users, vendors and others to determine cause of the problem and to ensure corrective and preventative action occurs Attends internal product development meetings to identify new product demands, schedules and procurement needs  Communicates opportunities for process improvements to increase efficiency, accuracy and customer satisfaction  Responsible for continuous growth in personal skillset Will conduct all activities with high degree of integrity and ethics Ability to negotiate all elements of cost including FOB contract, freight rates and landed cost Supports customer requests through the Supply Chain Services Teams Communicates opportunities for process improvements to increase efficiency, accuracy and customer satisfaction. Represents the company professionally in alignment with the Mission, Vision and Values. Must be fully engrained in the customer focused culture of the organization, nurturing relationships with all internal and external stakeholders Additional duties as assigned   EXPERIENCE: 3-4 years Foodservice Supply Chain buying experience Experience working with restaurant chains, preferably as an employee or supplier Experience interfacing with customers Demonstrated track record managing significant revenue responsibility and or profit/loss center and overachieving targets to meet stretch goals  SKILLS: Outstanding influencing and negotiation skills required Excellent communication skills with the desire and ability to create a team environment among all internal and external stakeholders   Must have a bias for action. Self-motivation and a desire to perform quickly and accurately is a must for this position Ability to perform well in a process and project driven organization, with high levels of accountability, empowerment and visibility Excellent organizational skills, including attention to precise details and accuracy Data analysis capabilities must be solid and applicable to the supply chain industry   Excellent written and verbal communication skills  Knowledge of the legal terminology and language requirements for supplier and/or vendor agreements and contracts required Ability to represent the company to all levels of the customer organization, including executive level management Ability to work effectively in a fast paced, highly dynamic atmosphere and react quickly to changes  Ability to develop/maintain strong relationships Excellent analytical thinking and problem-solving abilities Strong personal interaction and conflict management behaviors Strong computer skills including but not limited to Microsoft office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint), supply chain database tools and workflow tools preferred   EDUCATION: Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience required  WORKING RELATIONSHIPS: Ability to interact effectively with internal departments and external customers and represent SpenDifference in a professional manner  OTHER: Must be able to maintain confidentiality Some limited travel may be required Must be capable of working in a fast paced environment with a high degree of flexibility and acceptance of change
3243:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	PLEASE ONLY RESPOND TO THIS POSITION IF YOU HAVE: • Experience in a test, measurement, embedded control or DAQ related field • BSEE/CS/Physics or equivalent expertise  Requirements: • 5+ years of sales experience • Previous sales management experience • Strong written and verbal communication skills • Detail oriented and a self-starter • Willingness to travel up to 50%  Desirable: • Strong technical background, hands-on experience with control systems • Experience in selling to military and aerospace customers • Experience working with and/or for manufacturer's representative  UEI is a rapidly growing manufacturer of computer-based measurement and control (I/O) products. To support our growth we need a results oriented area sales manager. You will be responsible for all the sales activities in your area and report to the Director of US Sales. If you have a solid technical background and a strong drive to succeed, we're looking for you.  Primary Duties: • Manage the Rep organization and add/replace Reps as required. • Identify, manage and close opportunities with key accounts. • Travel with the Rep network on key sales calls. • Coordinate the sales efforts of the Rep organizations with our inside applications/sales group. • Coordinate joint sales calls of our applications engineers and our Reps. • Forecast sales on a monthly basis for the territory. • Ultimately, drive the performance of our outside sales representatives. • Foster a system integrator program in your territory.  Territory: • ¼ of the US, area TBD  Compensation We offer highly competitive compensation commensurate with experience. The package includes health, dental, 401k (with company match) and tuition reimbursement benefits. UEI is an equal opportunity employer. No relocation compensation is available for this position. For more information about UEI, please visit www.example.com.  To Apply: Please send your resume and cover letter. No phone calls please. UEI does not use agencies
3244:full-time-job salary supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	North American Dental Group (NADG) is one of the nation’s leading dental service organizations, providing affordable services from basic comprehensive care, to orthodontics and oral surgery, all under one roof and at a location close to you.  We accept most dental insurance plans, and have flexible financing and payment options.  Our goal is to make going to the dentist convenient with offices across Ohio and Pennsylvania. We have great dentists, the most amazing team, and state-of-the-art dental technology; making Refresh Dental the best option for healthier teeth and a happier you!  We currently have an Healthcare Manager opportunity in our Kent office.  In this position, you will oversee the daily operations of the dental office by managing employee relations, patient relations, and achieving operational goals. You will also be responsible for office profit & loss by managing patient scheduling, staff productivity, collections and receivables, and miscellaneous operations expenses. Administrative tasks such as financial report review, revenue posting, and staff payroll are a part of the operational responsibilities.   The primary focus of this position will be to: • Achieves revenue goals by effectively managing patient scheduling, staff productivity,   collections and receivables, specialty referral process, and miscellaneous operations expenses.  • Manages office within budget guidelines to include clerical and auxiliary supply purchases, equipment upgrades, labs and labor costs.  • Increases and stimulates new patient growth by supporting sales, marketing and promotional programs. • Directly supervises office teams and proactively manages their performance and development including but not limited to performance feedback, appraisals, and corrective actions. • Communicates with office teams regularly to ensure they have the information, tools, and support needed to perform their jobs effectively and successfully.  • Completes administrative tasks, such as financial review, end of day reporting, staff payroll, accounts receivable reports correctly and within deadlines. • Ensures the practice is in compliance by maintaining patient data to include required regulatory chart documents, personal information, treatment consultation documentation, account history transactions and electronic data.  • Manages and assists designated office team members with appropriate payment and insurance processes.  • Ensures flawless execution of operational standards, including compliance with established company policies, procedures, and government regulations.  • Continually works towards building and sustaining a joined leadership work environment with doctors.  •    Required Experience  • Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in related field or four (4) years of equivalent experience can be substituted for a degree.  • Minimum of two (2) years’ experience in a healthcare office or fast-paced, highly interactive customer service environment • Experience with Medicare, Medicaid managed care or insurance preferred.  • Must take ownership and act with a sense of urgency and commitment to resolve issues • Strong problem solving skills • Experience in the dental or medical industry with scheduling and verifying insurance preferred. • Strong computer skills and knowledge of office programs, such as Outlook, Word, Excel. • Excellent communication and telephone skills. • Knowledge of effective scheduling. • Superior customer service skills. • Basic knowledge of dental terminology and contractual/financial terms • Self-motivated with the ability to exceed patient expectation.   NADG offers a competitive salary and excellent benefit package including a 401k, health insurance and a professional work environment.  An Equal Opportunity Employer.
3247:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	*JOB TITLE:* Store Manager- 2 Stores New Jersey *LOCATION:* Bridgewater/Riverside NJ *REPORTS TO:* Retail Sales Director  *JOB SUMMARY:* The Store Manager behaves as the Brand Ambassador representing the overall Brand DNA and focus on customer service. The Store Manager is responsible for the overall success of the multiple FF Group stores to ensure that sales plans and KPI goals are met or exceeded. Should have the ability to travel to both locations weekly. The Store Manager is responsible for generating a minimum of 15%-20% of the home store’s volume. The Store Manager must ensure excellent client service standards and development of repeat business and growth of client base is achieved at all market stores. The Store Manager must ensure that visual merchandising standards, operational responsibilities controllable costs and timely and professional communication are managed effectively. The Store Manager must be a leader, representing the brand attributes of dress code and conduct as outlined in the staff handbook representing the FF Group brand to the highest standards of presentation, conduct and customer service, maximizing every selling opportunity by living the Brand DNA, and Big 5 Fundamentals.  *DUTIES & ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:*  Meet and exceed sales and KPI goals at all market locations.  To meet individual sales goals and to continually motivate sales staff to meet assigned sales and productivity goals.  Analyze available sale reports, data and anecdotal information to determine the needs of the business and to set business strategies.  Ability to proactively assess, promote and communicate at a high –level the needs and business opportunities in market locations.  To submit accurate and analytical feedback on weekly-monthly recaps and conference calls  To schedule effectively to the needs of the business  To set individual sales goals for the associates, ensuring goals reflect stores business goals.  To recruit, train, motivate and develop the team to optimize store performance and to reflect brand standards.  Take appropriate actions to coach and council in the moment and address performance issues as necessary.  To accurately process payroll and all other operational standards  Develop bench strength through regular, scheduled touch bases and feedback with Assistant Managers and Sales Supervisors.  Resolve all human resources issues in a timely and effective manner partnering with ASD and HR.  Demonstrate sales leadership for staff by playing an active role on the sales floor.  Establish effective management of store teams within payroll budgets to ensure optimum stores floor coverage at all key trading periods.  To provide excellent levels of customer care surpassing customer expectations at every opportunity  To maximize every selling opportunity to achieve store and individual sales and KPI indicators  To resolve customer complaints promptly and successfully by investigating problems in a timely manner and provide solution-oriented customer service.  Develop actions plans to drive foot flow and reactivate lapsed clients.  Identify ways to drive sales through marketing initiatives and responding to localized market trends.  Build market-specific partnerships within host store or mall, neighborhood or organizations and professional networking groups.  Provides enhanced till accountability e.g. able to process refunds and price overrides  Able to respond to queries regarding price, location, features, benefits and use of company merchandise and to communicate excellent product knowledge.  To follow Company procedures and processes to maintain security of stock, customer records and cash handling to ensure full operational compliance.  Ensure Company standards of cleanliness and organization and facilities maintenance are adhered to.  To ensure all Sales Service Standards are completed efficiently and on time, maintaining accurate records of all customer requirements and following company procedures.  To take every opportunity to capture customer data in order to augment the FF Group database and encourage repeat visits and customer loyalty.  Be responsible for the highest standards of visual merchandising and presentation accordance with Company  To attend and participate in all store meetings and training events as required ensuring good communication is maintained.  To communicate all potential health or safety issues to the store manager and complies with Company safety and security procedures  Any other tasks as outlined by Corporate, being flexible in approach to the business demands.  *REQUIRED*  Proven ability to lead, motivate and develop a team through active management.  Able to adapt to change, enthusiastic, confident and self-motivated.  Minimum of five years of management experience in a retail environment.  Minimum five years selling experience in a client-book driven sales environment.  Understanding of the retail KPI and how to drive volume through achieving KPI goals.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Proficient computer skills.  *PREFERRED*  A background in sales and aftercare of timepieces and jewelry.  Multiple language skills
3252:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	*Position Summary:* Responsible for monitoring, overseeing, and administering the day-to-day Security  operations while promoting and exhibiting World Class Guest Service to all Resort  and Casino guests. Ensures department is properly staffed and motivated to meet  Company and Department goals and objectives. Ensures employee and guest  compliance with all Federal, State, Tribal, Pueblo of Isleta Regulatory, and Resort  and Casino policies, procedures and regulations, while maintaining and enforcing  the Resort and Casino’s house rules   *Education Requirements:*   High School Diploma or GED equivalent required.   *Experience Requirements:*  Two (2) or more years of Military, Law Enforcement, Security, or related field  experience, required.   Two (2) years supervisory experience, required.
3256:bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Ellman International, a medical device manufacturer/distributor in Hicksville, has an immediate need for a Buyer/Planner who will be responsible for the procurement, material planning and inventory functions of the organization.  The successful candidate will possess a minimum of 10 years of similar experience as well as the ability to coordinate the cross-functional interaction with the Operations and business support teams.  Primary Responsibilities: • Negotiating price and delivery. • Assessing vendor capabilities, selecting vendors and evaluating vendor performance. • Recommending major purchases of materials based on anticipated changes in prices or in unusual availability situations. • Ensuring that purchasing documentation is properly completed and the terms and conditions of purchases are appropriate. • Ensuring that department records are maintained and purchases are monitored or expedited when required. • Maintaining price histories to provide information on price variances. • Undertaking specifically assigned projects relating to procurement and providing summaries, reports and recommendations on these subjects.  Education, Desired Skills & Experience: • A Bachelors Degree in a business-related discipline is preferred. • Must have solid MRP II experience; Macola preferred. • Proven track record of making good business decisions with a practical approach, as well as being a team player. • Strong business acumen. • Excellent communication and strong negotiation skills. • Ability to successfully multi-task in a fast-paced environment. • This position requires an individual who is self-directed and detail-oriented with an inquisitive nature and desire to solve problems. • Strong work ethic and a positive, “can-do” attitude and one who takes pride in the quality of their work.  About Ellman International, Inc. Since Ellman International was founded in 1959, the company has grown to become a global leader in advanced radiofrequency (RF) technology for precision surgical and aesthetic procedures.  Today, Ellman serves the aesthetic, multi-specialty surgical, dental and veterinary markets.  We are an EOE.
3259:supervising-job bs-degree-needed	*Company Overview *    Neiman Marcus Stores are located in the most affluent markets in the United States with a presence in Florida, California and Texas. From the finest designer and luxury merchandise for men and women to precious jewelry, beauty and home decor, we offer our customers an impeccable and irresistible array of choices. Since 1907, Neiman Marcus has served our discerning and sophisticated customers with gracious and attentive service.     *Job Summary*    Sales leader with a focus on customer service and building relationships using the tools provided having the ability to multi-task with an understanding of proportions of the business combines with a sense of priorities.         *Job Duties*        Sales leader building a cohesive sales and customer service driven team  Having the ability to coach and motivate as well as address development opportunities  Strong merchandising ability as well as the ability to multi-task and prioritize day-to-day business  Performs additional tasks as required     *Job Requirements*       Customer Focus  Managing and Measuring Work  Building Effective Teams  Delegation  Planning   Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or university is required. Must have experience in managing sales teams with a focus on customer service.   To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each job duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed above are representative of the knowledge, skills and/or ability required.
3265:supervising-job salary 2-4-years-experience-needed	If you have experience leading a team and want to take the next step to running a business, then Wendy's is right for you. With 75 locations throughout North and South Carolina TARHEEL CAPITAL CORPORATION is one of the largest Wendy's franchisees in the country. And that means tremendous support for your career growth and development.  As a Manager at Wendy's, you'll enjoy:  • A competitive salary, bonus, and generous benefits package including company matching 401(K) • An excellent support network, and promotion from within • The personalized training, support and tools you need to reach your goals • The opportunity to play a key role in the operation of a million-dollar plus business • Defined career paths for those who pursue a long-term career at Wendy's  You will support the General Manager in operating a million-dollar plus business focused on delivering a positive, enjoyable customer experience and the kind of financial results that ensure long-term business growth. You will assist in the management of operations and staff of a Wendy's restaurant, including execution of all Company policies, procedures, programs and systems; participate in the achievement of store objectives; and ensure compliance with all federal, state and local regulations and ethical business practices. If you are interested in a company that rewards you for your dedication and commitment, then Wendy's is right for you.  Qualified Candidates will meet the following requirements:  • Minimum of 4+ years restaurant work experience as an Assistant or higher. • Ability to multitask in a fast paced environment. • Experience in team building and training. • Strong computer skills. • Excellent communication skills. • Open / flexible work availability. • Demonstrated ability to lead and manage a team in a fast-paced, dynamic environment.  WENDY'S EXPERIENCE IS A PLUS  Please respond with your resume  EOE
3266:supervising-job	Cheeseman LLC a multi-terminal transportation company with corporate offices located in Fort Recovery Ohio is seeking an individual to supervise crossdock operations.  This position will have the responsibility to drive change, reduce costs, improve efficiencies, safety, exceed current service levels, cooperate and communicate 24/7 fast paced work environment and utilize established systems and processes.   The ideal candidate will possess proven experience, success in managing people, advanced computer skills and experience in cross dock operations, shipment route sequencing and logistics.   Applicants with limited experience will be considered for our supervisor/manager trainee program.
3280:full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	The Director of ReStore Operations is responsible for oversight and procurement of two Habitat for Humanity ReStores in South Palm Beach County. The Director will oversee 10 employees, be required to produce active home good procurement and be a resource to the two store managers who oversee the daily operations.  Weekends are required to work.  This position is responsible for managing all phases of the ReStore program. The Habitat ReStore mission is to generate revenue through the sale of donated, reclaimed and purchased building materials, appliances, furniture and tools to support the activities of Habitat for Humanity of South Palm Beach Co.  The director is responsible for the overall operations of the ReStore and its financial growth.   REQUIREMENTS  This individual must understand and appreciate the mission of Habitat for Humanity of South Palm Beach Co.  Qualified candidates must possess above-average written and verbal communication skills.  Public speaking experience is required.  Must possess strong problem-solving skills and have the ability to work in a fast-paced team environment.  This individual must be detail-oriented and able to work independently.  Must be able to deal with all kinds of individuals and remain consistent in keeping a professional demeanor.  Must have experience working with major donors and be able to communicate effectively and professionally with them and the customers we serve.  Occasional travel may be required.   PHYSICAL DEMANDS  This individual will be expected to assist the staff in performing store functions and, therefore, must be able to lift up to 50 pounds. Candidate will also experience frequent bending, squatting, lifting and repetitive motion.     EXPERIENCE  A minimum of 3 years of related experience in retail or restaurant operations and management is required.  Applicant must have demonstrated independent responsibility for program management. Experience supervising staff required, developing markets and networking plans. Applicant must have excellent interpersonal and communications skills with groups, committees and individuals.    EDUCATION  BA or BS preferred; equivalent work experience will be considered.  Knowledgeable in retail sales, marketing, salvage and environmental.   CERTIFICATES, LICENSES AND REGISTRATIONS  Valid driver’s License with a good driving record.   PRIMARY DUTIES AND CORE RESPONSIBILITIES  A.  Fund Raising and Fostering Support with Partners in the Community. *Develop and implement multi-year strategic plan for soliciting contributions and winning support of potential suppliers and donors by targeting annual growth to meet long-term financial projections. *In cooperation with the store managers and the director of finance and administration, develop and manage individual store budgets and support the budgets and operational decisions with documented financial analysis to include: profit margins, sales per square foot in total, last year to current year sales comparisons, cost per donation pickup, ROI of marketing expenses to sales, expenses as a percentage of sales, break-even analysis, and inventory management.  *Draft grant applications as opportunities arise. *Identify additional opportunities for fund raising and coordinate with the Development Director and Executive Director’s fund raising plan. *Ensure the Executive Director is regularly informed on the status of ReStore operations with particular attention paid to problem areas, project status and extraordinary events *Draft brochures and other materials describing the advantages of ReStore contributions. *Represent the program with potential materials donors. *Identify and initiate opportunities to reduce expenses and create increased operational efficiencies. *Provides sustained network development to expand the scope of Habitat ReStore activities and develop long-term, collaborative relationships with community based trade/business groups, churches, donors and others to secure donations and raise awareness of local affiliate mission in the community.  B.  Develop and Implement Policies and Procedures *Provide reports on store performance or strategic projections as needed. These reports could include inventory turnover, discounts, and returns, earnings per store per open hour, earnings paid per employee hour and net cash to organization forecasting. *Oversee the development of necessary policies and procedures for store operations, sales, salvage, material acquisition, etc. *Develop and maintain policies and procedures relating to the daily operation of the ReStore. *Responsible for operations management, including consistent, safe and positive development of associates and assets in order to provide a high quality donor to customer experience.  C.  Manage ReStore Operations *Oversee all retail operations and ensure consistent, smooth and efficient operations. *Responsible for procuring donations, sales and profits to further the affiliate’s mission. *Work with various internal and external resources to positively promote the Habitat ReStore and HFHSPBC. *Provide training resources to the Store Managers in order for them to direct store operations in the absence of the manager.  *Supervise maintenance of facility and equipment. *Supervise ReStore staff, volunteers and conduct performance reviews. *Management of retail staff and volunteers to provide a high level of customer service. *Orient staff and volunteers to the mission of HFH and the Restore’s role and responsibility. *Spend weekly time on the sales floor, if possible. *Monitor expenses within budgeting constraints *Enhance the organization’s culture by reinforcing core values and fostering a positive work environment.  D.  Ensure Accountability to Funding Sources and Board of Directors *Develop work plans and assignments to meet commitments made to various agencies. *Prepare program/progress reports on a timely basis. *Prepare monthly general reports and financial expenditure reports. *Respond to audits and funding agencies. *Prepare annual budget for the Habitat ReStore  E.  Marketing and Community Relations *Market the ReStore through the media in an appropriate and cost-conscious manner. *Represent program through personal contacts and public speaking engagements. *Network with other Habitat ReStores and serve as mentor to interested affiliates. *Develop and maintain an ongoing relationship with corporate donors, contractors, and community service organizations for gifts in kind. *Coordinate the development and expansion of a comprehensive advertising and marketing program for the Habitat ReStore. *Raise the profile of the Habitat ReStore in our community.   APPLICANTS  Please submit your cover letter with resume and references.  HFHI is an equal opportunity employer and seeks to employ and assign the best qualified personnel for all our positions in a manner that does not unlawfully discriminate against any person because of race, color, religion, gender, marital status, age, national origin, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, veteran/reserve national guard status, or any other status or characteristic protected by law.
3289:supervising-job full-time-job	Community Health Center of Central Missouri is hiring a fulltime Dental Clinical Manager.   This position will be responsible for all day-to-day operations of our dental clinics.  Dental experience and knowledge is a must.   For information and to apply please go to our website:  www.example.com
3302:supervising-job	Glenmartin is  searching for a warehouse associate is to assist  in our New Warehouse in CHINO, CA The Associate  is responsible for market logistics and warehouse support during telecom projects.     Knowledge and Skill As a minimum, the Associate  must possess and demonstrate: 1. Fluency in written and spoken English. 2. Strong knowledge and use of Microsoft Suite programs (Word, Excel, Access).  3. Knowledge of logistics management principles. 4. Strong understanding of warehouse set-up and operation procedures.   5. Good leadership skills required to train and transfer knowledge to lesser experienced resources  Qualifications 1. Zero to two years experience in warehouse and inventory management, preferably in support of wireless telecommunications network roll-out.   2. High School Diploma or GED – (in pursuit of) and / or Associates degree (A.A.) from a two year college or technical school or related industry experience.     Special Demands 1. Current drivers license with satisfactory record for the last five (3) years. 2. Forklift operation certificate (desired) 3. Must be able to maintain constant communication and interact successfully with team and customers alike to understand project requirements. 4. Must work well in a team environment and be able to work with a diverse group of people. 5. Possess and exhibit a strong positive attitude toward customer service and be diplomatic in resolving issues. 6. Overtime required as needed.  Mental & Physical Requirements  1. Must be able to lift 75 lbs of equipment.   Job’s Normal Work Environment 1. Works in well-ventilated area. 2. Work environment involves limited physical risks or hazardous conditions.  Type of Equipment Typically Used in this Job 1. Forklift  please submit resume  for immediate consideration
3303:licence-needed supervising-job full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed salary	We are a well-known, up-scale casual dining restaurant chain. Due to our continuous growth, we are seeking talented, experienced culinary professionals to grow with our company. It’s no wonder we now operate over 200 restaurants worldwide.         Executive Chef         Your role is absolutely vital to our success. To ensure your career satisfaction, we provide the freshest ingredients, the cleanest kitchens, top of the line equipment and standards of operation. But it takes your talent and your vision to make excellence an everyday reality for our guests.         As an Executive Chef, you manage the entire kitchen staff. From training the staff, food prep, creation of our recipes to perfection - our reputation is in your hands. Your success is vital to our success.    Job Requirements  •3-4 years of Culinary Management or restaurant management experience in a high-volume restaurant   •Graduate of an accredited Culinary program, preferred  •Must be able to work full time, an average of 55 hours per week   •Ability to work closely with the management team as well as with the kitchen staff  •Ability to identify and develop employees for promotions and/or leadership roles   •Must be able to facilitate and effectively execute training   •Ability to handle difficult/challenging situations with poise and empathy  •Ability to manage a large team while delegating tasks and ensuring consistency  •Strong communication and organizational skills   •Must be fluent in English; verbal and written  Benefits:    We value our employees. To prove it, we offer competitive salary with a bonus plan, and a fantastic benefits package that includes medical, dental and vision benefits, 401K plan and future growth opportunities.         Apply online today!
3308:supervising-job associate-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	Sprout Early Education Center is currently seeking a Childcare Center Director. This position will oversee the operation of this facility. This person will be responsible for training and managing staff. Our primary objective is to provide a hands on learning environment for the children in our program.   Minimum Requirements:  -Associates Degree, Early Childhood Education (Bachelor’s degree, preferred) -Minimum of 2 years experience (education and child care) -Flexible and energetic, ability to multi-task, plan, organize, and resolve conflicts -Strong communication and people skills; ability to work in team environment -All positions require background screening
3310:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	*Job Summary* : The Utilization Review Coordinator will support the care of the patient through assessment, planning, implementation and evaluation of appropriate services and resources to maximize optimum outcomes. This position will work collaboratively with the multiple disciplines, both internal and external to the organization, in effecting quality and cost-effective management of the patient’s care.  *Essential Job Responsibilities:* * Analyzes patient records to determine legitimacy of admission, treatment, and length of stay in health-care facility to comply with government and insurance company reimbursement policies: * Analyzes insurance governmental and accrediting agency standards to determine criteria concerning admissions, treatment, and length of stay of patients. * Reviews application for patient admission and approves admission or refers case to facility utilization review committee for review and course of action when case fails to meet admission standards. * Compares inpatient medical records to established criteria and confers with medical and nursing personnel and other professional staff to determine legitimacy of treatment and length of stay. * Abstracts data from records and maintains statistics. * Determines patient review dates according to established diagnostic criteria. * May assist review committee in planning and holding federally mandated quality assurance reviews. * Manage and Maintain Data Relating to Authorization and Tracking Information * Manage Appeals for Non Covered Days *Job Requirements:* * Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN) or Licensed Professional in Behavioral Health Field * Two (2) years of additional work experience in lieu of BSN or License * Current Registered Nurse (RN) license in Florida * Five (5) years of work experience in an acute care setting * Excel Skills Required * *Preferred qualifications for this position include:* * Knowledge of Utilization Review * Familiarity with insurance payers *WORK ENVIRONMENT AND PHYSICAL DEMANDS:* The work environment and physical demands described here are representative of those required by an employee to perform the essential functions of this job with or without reasonable accommodations.  *Work Environment:* Standard office environment, with minimal exposure to excessive noise or adverse environmental issues, with occasional outdoor exposure to heat, cold, and environmental elements. Continuous uninterrupted periods of sitting at a designated work station while scanning.  *Physical demands:* Manipulate, handle, feel, and control items or equipment while sitting for extended periods of time at a designated work station. Able to read, write, and interpret written documents. Occasionally lift and move objects weighing up to 25 pounds.  An Equal Opportunity Employer
3311:supervising-job salary full-time-job	Riverside Management Group, LLC., a QSR industry management company is looking for highly motivated, goal orientated, individuals for placement as store managers in DUNKIN' DONUTS located in the Greater Boston Area (Cambridge, Watertown, Belmont, Newton).   BENEFITS (includes, but are not limited to):  **Health/Dental Insurance  **Profit Sharing Pension Plan  **Competitive Salary  **Quarterly Bonus Plan  **Extra Day off Incentive Program  **Advancement Opportunities   EDUCATION AND SKILL PROFILE:   1.  Two year degree or equivalent business experience. High School diploma is  required.      2.  Outstanding interpersonal skills and ability to form strong relationships with        Retail Shop Assistants, Shop Personnel and Management.        3.  Computer literate.       4.  Preferably DDU certified or willing to become DDU certified, or DD                  Management Program certified.   5.  Preferably ServSafe Certified.   6.  Chokesaver certified or willingness to become Chokesaver certified.   7.  Ability to work under extreme pressure.   8.  Ability to work flexible hours (including weekends and holidays). Position            dictates being on call 24 hours a day, 365 days a year (vacation and days off       excluded).    9.  Have good communication skills with the ability to read and write English.           Although not required, a second language, such as Spanish would be helpful.   10. A strong business background preferably in the quick service restaurant                industry required.
3312:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed licence-needed	*POSITION PURPOSE* The SIS SharePoint Architect is responsible for the delivery of routine to complex installation, upgrade, migration, and troubleshooting services in customer environments in billable engagements.  In addition to billable engagements, the Architect will be expected to provide mentoring and technical guidance to members of the SharePoint Team; assist in managing to executive business strategies; work closely with client reps and project managers in pre-sales activities assistance and estimation efforts. The Architect is expected to work closely with other Consulting Services Engineers, Project Managers and Client Representatives as needed.     *EXPECTATIONS* SIS encourages individual growth and initiative; this job description indicates a base level of expectation.  All positions within SIS are fluid and specific responsibilities may change as business needs change.    *ESSENTIAL POSITION FUNCTIONS AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES* The primary areas of emphasis for the Architect are as follows:  *A. Project Delivery Responsibilities* – The role is responsible for performing a variety of technical tasks associated with various projects.  Project Delivery activities are expected to consume the Architect’s time as a first priority unless otherwise indicated.  Maintaining satisfactory progress towards achieving and meeting annual financial plan is a priority with billable engagements typically consisting of: a. Standard Offerings b. Delivery of Instructional SharePoint Training  c. SharePoint Related On Call Troubleshooting/Support d. Design and Architecture Services e. Partner Related Services    *B. Sales and Support Responsibilities* – The Architect is responsible for providing expertise in support of all systems sales opportunities.  This role should maintain availability and responsiveness to SIS client representatives, Project Managers and the Microsoft Technical Practice Manager whenever possible as priority second only to billable engagements.  Sales support may consist of assisting/leading assigned SharePoint opportunities through the delivery of technical sales engagements (Strategy Briefing Sessions, Architecture Design Sessions, Proof of Concepts, etc).    *C. Additional Responsibilities* – The Architect is also expected to contribute to the overall health of the SIS organization.  These responsibilities include but are not limited to: 1. Assist and lead in the education of the SIS client representatives regarding evolving technologies related to the Microsoft Team’s SharePoint competency and SIS delivery capabilities. 2. The Architect is expected to be observant and intentional in recommending opportunities for SIS to expand level of assistance to all customer environments. 3. This role is expected to sustain a high level of customer satisfaction at all times.  Pleasing SIS customers and building those relationships is of the utmost importance and will be thoroughly analyzed with every performance review.   4. Travel is required for this position.  Most travel is expected to be by vehicle in support of SIS regional offices and client base, however some air travel may be needed depending on specific client locations and training events. 5. After hours and weekend project work is required at times and expected for this position.  Flexible scheduling and work from home policy will be provided as appropriate.  One is able to request specific scheduling abbreviations to compensate for after hours and weekend assignments. 6. Responsible for project status reporting to the appropriate client contact(s), Technical Practice Manager or Project Manager. 7. Responsible for managing and prioritizing individual tasks and responsibilities. 8. Act as a “mentor” for the Microsoft Team’s training program by coordinating training materials and leading internal training classes. 9. Understand and describe the advanced topics related to the individual’s assigned practice. 10. Perform the role of technical architect on large projects. 11. Lead the process of requirements gathering and documentation for a large or highly visible project. 12. Attend client meetings and successfully represent SIS without the support of other management personnel. 13. Assist in proposal preparation for projects. 14. Provide assistance in interviewing and technical screening of new employee candidates.  *TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE AND CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS*  Require a minimum of 3-5 years direct experience with: 1. Maintaining SharePoint to include but not limited to: * Security * Backups * High Availability * Administration * Migration * Server Support * Developer Support * Various I/O subsystems including SAN, NAS etc… * Troubleshooting all aspects of the server farm * Coordinating with MS Partner Support as required on behalf of customers * The most recent last decade of SharePoint versions 2. Working in virtualized and non-virtualized environments 3. Providing consistently highly available data to stake holders Senior level architects are also required to have achieved or included in their individual enablement plans certifications leading to the highest level of SharePoint certifications, such as Architect.  Including in this certification requirement are related technologies such as SQL Server and Windows Server.  *AUTHORITY* 1. Review the work of other SharePoint team resources to insure that they are adhering to enterprise standards and procedures, satisfying the requirements of the SIS user base and working within the cost limitations of the project 2. Assist in the planning and design of solutions to insure the most efficient possible operational environment 3. Empower other SharePoint team members with skills required for self-sufficiency, autonomy, continual innovation, improvement and personal growth 4. Train juniors to assume responsibilities 5. Define ongoing and new areas of team focus  6. Ensure the team as a forward looking focus  Software Information Systems (SIS) is an award-winning Technology Solution Provider that has been helping clients leverage technology for almost 30 years.  We pride ourselves on engaging with our clients not only as technical resources, but as business partners, offering new ideas and a true interest in how technology can support their success.  SIS is seeing tremendous growth in our Microsoft practice and is seeking a Senior Microsoft SharePoint Solutions Architect to join our team.
3313:ms-or-phd-needed supervising-job salary	RSVP Philadelphia, at the Klein JCC, has an exciting opportunity for the right candidate with an understanding about the benefits and needs that promote community for seniors to age in place.   This position is responsible for developing and maintaining new and existing partnerships with agencies promoting healthy aging in Philadelphia. Additionally, specific areas of volunteer recruitment and coordination are: reducing instances of isolation in the older adult population, and increasing access to healthy foods, and one time and seasonal light maintenance for seniors.  Examples of programs supported by this role are: the Fix For a Friend program, Ask Me 3 – a peer to peer engagement program, SOWN, AARP, as well as working closely with the local Naturally Occurring Retirement Community, and Klein JCC’s Home Delivered Meals program drivers and friendly visitors.     Principal Responsibilities • Volunteer outreach, recruitment, and coordination of the “Fix For a Friend” program. • Recruiting volunteers from the community, organizations and corporations in the area to frozen pack meal packages and deliver meals to isolated seniors.   • Expand the friendly visitors program in Center City, West Philadelphia and NE Philadelphia.  • Recruit and coordinate volunteers for the Rhawnhurst Naturally Occurring Retirement Community and supportive programming.  • Work with Director of Community Services to implement creative strategies to increase awareness in the community about positive impact of the aging in place model. • Provide support for volunteer drivers that includes preparation of routing materials. • Supervises administrative staff and Hunger Relief Volunteer Coordinator • Prepares regular outcome reports for CNCS • Works with and oversees compliance for CNCS such as station outcomes, MOU maintenance and assist with RSVP/Philadelphia’s Work Plan Development • Coordinate volunteer efforts with RSVP and Community Services team members. • Liaison for Klein JCC’s Development and Compliance Department • Responsible for managing program and marketing budget for RSVP • Other duties as assigned    Job Requirements  We are seeking someone with a Master’s degree in a relevant field.   This person should have substantial experience working with volunteers, preferably in a volunteer coordination position and some management experience.  Our ideal candidate will possess knowledge of challenges of the aging adult and their potential for impact on the community.  Working with persons over 55+ is also preferred. The candidate should have excellent written, public speaking and computer skills, proficiency with Microsoft Office. This person should have the ability to work independently. Access to a car and valid driver’s license required. There will be some evenings and weekends hours.     Physical Requirements: This position requires the ability to work in seated or standing positions for prolonged periods of time, perform work using the computer and telephone and other office tools.  This position includes field work.  Equal opportunity employer.  Salary Range: $36,000-$38,000  Interested applicants should submit resume and cover letter to: FAX attn: Lisa Sandler,  XXX 
3327:salary 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Safe Haven Security,a twenty million dollar per year national ADT franchise doing business since 1999 in thirty-five states, needs an experienced sales manager several in key markets including Orange County, Philadelphia, Detroit, Orlando, Austin and Chicago and several other primary areas.  Base management pay is $46,800 plus commissions, bonuses, benefits, and car allowance.  First year management earnings range between $140K and $210K.   Requirements for position: Applicants must have at least two years successful in home sales management experience with references. Applicant must have three years in-home sales experience.  Please do not apply if you do not have the required experience.  This position involves standard residential sales hours including Saturdays and evenings. Applicant must be bondable and pass a background check.  If selected, you will be required to train for four weeks in one of our Regional Training facilities (housing is provided). Please e-mail your resume or, if necessary, call  Mike at  XXX 
3346:supervising-job	1. Conducts personnel selection, training, scheduling supervision and evaluation activities in compliance with all federal and state laws to develop a high degree of staff efficiency and teamwork. 2. Ensures that guests are served in a courteous, timely manner which results in their satisfaction and in an enhanced public image. 3. Maintains high food quality and attractive food appearance, made according to Smashburger product specifications in order to control food cost as budgeted. 4. Ensures that proper sanitation and cleanliness of the unit is in order to fulfill health requirements, smashburger standards and to enhance the eating atmosphere for guests. 5. Reviews and analyzes financial data weekly and initiates corrective actions to increase sales and profits. 6. Implements and monitors cost and other control techniques in order to ensure the achievement of sales and profit objectives. 7. Maintains records including daily sales and cash analysis, daily volume and product purchase reports and reports to the Director of Operations at specified times to ensure accurate financial accounting. 8. Implements and monitors cash receipts and controls. Ensures that cash shortages are controlled and ensures that cash is deposited in the bank daily. 9. Assists General Manager in all management duties  Location: Willowbrook Mall, 1960 & 249, Houston Tx,
3349:supervising-job	The Black Dog is currently seeking a Retail Store Manager in our Black Dog General Store located in Portland, ME.  Position Summary: The Retail Store Manager is tasked with all store management duties by supervising up to ten employees and is key driver of sales results. The Retail Manager is responsible for retail store customer relations and must have the ability to work a flexible schedule including nights and weekends. Retail management experience required. Must be able to lift up to 35 pounds frequently and able to stand on your feet for long periods of time. Interested applicants, please apply at the Portland Black Dog General Store, 215 Commercial Street or contact Jamie at  XXX  The Black Dog is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer.
3350:ms-or-phd-needed supervising-job	Director, Durham Center for Education - School Administrator    The Durham Center for Education, a Division of The Institute of Professional Practice, (IPPI), located in Fitchburg, MA, is a private, non-profit, special education school providing educational programs to children with developmental disabilities.     This Director/School Administrator position requires a Master's Degree in Special Education and a Massachusetts Certification in Special Education as well as the ability to manage strategically. Only applicants who meet these requirements will be considered.       The person we are seeking is a highly experienced Director/School Administrator, with excellent interpersonal and communication skills, who has a strong background and focus on strategic growth, new business development, fiscal management, and the delivery of innovative educational experiences that are based on ABA philosophies.     He or she will foster an environment of innovation to ensure that the Durham Center is a leader in quality and cutting edge services to students and families.      The successful candidate will be  responsible for the overall operation of  the Durham Center including marketing and business development;  ensuring compliance with all DESE regulations and contracting procedures; developing and maintaining strong, positive relationships with key partners, organizations and school districts; building a professional learning community where the significance of each child is valued and the work of staff, students and families contribute positively to that community; and collaborating with IPPI’s Senior Leadership Team to identify and utilize instructional technologies that enhance the academic achievement of the students.      IPPI provides competititive pay and an excellent benefits package including health, dental, vision, and disability coverage, life insurance, paid time off and a 403(b) retirement savings plan.        IPPI s an equal opportunity employer.
3357:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Serve as top level contributor / technical specialist on PLC-based projects designing and developing new application programs, adapting and configuring existing application programs, documenting, testing, and startup of system. May supervise and mentor other programmers and field service personnel, providing review, troubleshooting, and other technical support.  *DUTIES:* 1. Work directly with customers, engineers, and project managers to identify and document requirements. 2. Plan the steps necessary to reach solution. 3. Execute the plan successfully within budget and schedule. 4. Oversee or develop programs and testing based upon detail design requirements. 5. Oversee or prepare all required documentation per established procedures. 6. Direct field implementation of programs including check-out, instrument setup, motor control setup, troubleshooting, commissioning and training. 7. Assist with maintenance of programming software licenses and vendor upgrades. 8. Perform additional duties as assigned by immediate supervisor.  *SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE, QUALIFICATIONS & EXPERIENCE:* 1. Computer Science or Electrical Engineering degree preferred, but not required. 2. Eight (8) years’ experience or more in related industries using related programming languages, hardware, and components. 3. Understand, apply, and enforce proper software and project life cycle processes. 4. Function with minimum supervision as a team leader or independently, and as a team member. 5. Conceptualize complex technical programs and clearly explain their functioning. 6. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 7. Understand electrical system and machinery operation. 8. Understand office, shop, and field safety principles and apply and enforce them. 9. Understand and demonstrate excellent customer relations capabilities.  *COMPANY INFO (DCREng.com):* We are a premier provider of PLC-based SCADA and plant automation control systems for water/wastewater, mining, and other industries throughout Florida and for Public Safety Alerting systems nation-wide and internationally. We design solutions to customer needs, adapt and configure our standard application programs or develop custom programs, integrate PLCs and other components into Industrial Control Panels fabricated in our UL508A panel shop, install and commission the system, provide customer training, and then support as needed.  PLCs supported include Motorola ACE3600, Allen-Bradley, and Siemens. HMIs supported include VTScada, InTouch, and Maple. ArchestrA automation and information software is supported. Programming languages supported include various PLC ladder logic, various HMI scripting, C, C#, and Java. We support various data communication technologies including wired and wireless Ethernet, analog and digital radio, and cellular.
3365:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	*About Hire an Esquire:*  Hire an Esquire is a fast-growing, venture-backed technology startup, with clients across the US ranging from solo practitioners to AM Law 50 firms. We offer the first Software as a Service (SaaS) product that lets law firms and in-house legal teams find, manage, and pay contract-based attorneys online. Hire an Esquire saves clients at least 50% on both agency fees and admin time compared to traditional staffing firms, while paying attorneys a higher hourly rate.  We have offices in New York and Philadelphia, and are growing quickly.    *The Job:*   Manage the Boston office and expand Hire an Esquire's presence here.  You will be working directly with existing clients as an account manager and doing sales and business development to grow our client base.    *Requirements:*  -As employee #1 in Boston, must be entrepreneurial and able to work independently -2+ years of experience doing sales or account management at either an enterprise technology company or law firm / legal recruiter -Understanding of the legal industry  -Ability to interact with law firm partners, in-house general counsels, and startup clients -Tech savvy and desire to be hands on with technology product -Personable and professional
3405:5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job supervising-job	Contract – 984 hours  DLG Consulting (DLGC) provides Information Technology, Information Security, Project Management, Business Analysis and Technology solutions through placement of certified professionals in temporary staff, contract-to-hire and direct-hire positions.  www.example.com  www.example.com  Must respond by noon 10/20/2013  Project Manager 2 Emerging [ID#  XXX ]  Description of Duties  • Provide project management duties for project planning and implementation that requires coordination across multiple HHSC agencies, program areas and systems.   • Ensure that all project start up and ongoing management activities are complete to include development of two project plans, issues logs, risk logs and risk assessments.   • One project plan will be focused on HHSC Information Technology (IT) tasks that are required to successfully implement this project and the other project plan will incorporate, from a program level, all major milestones and dependencies that cross multiple HHS agencies and program areas projects to ensure all interdependencies are identified and that multiple stakeholders have a shared understanding of those interdependencies.   • Worker will ensure that the project deliverable documents align with Quality Assurance Team (QAT) and Federal reporting.   Worker Skills and Qualifications (Required)  Minimum Requirements: Years - Skills/Experience 8 - Strong Experience as a Project Manager 8 - Strong experience with MS Project, MS Word, MS Excel  8 - Work experience in the information technology industry with at least 8 years of strong PM experience 8 - Experience supporting large program management initiatives to ensure adherence with project management frameworks, policies, and standards 8 - Experience planning / facilitating meetings including agendas, meeting summary notes, action items 5 - Experience in writing and presenting status reports  5 - Excellent communication skills both written and oral with all levels of staff 5 - Strong leadership skills, experience in utilizing PMLC to drive to results and ensure accountability for task completion is clear  Work Skills and Qualifications (Preferred)  Years / Skill and Experience Degree or equivalent - Combination of practical project management work experience and education 5 - Work experience with state government, federal or complex private sector organization  5 - Work experience managing cross-agency, enterprise department initiatives 2 - Work experience being familiar with using Texas Project Delivery Framework templates 2 - Strong experience with MS Visio 2010  WORK HOURS AND LOCATION M-F 8am-5pm - Austin, Texas 78751  All qualified applicants receive consideration without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, sex or age.
3407:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Project Lead – Austin 78751 DLG Consulting - Austin, TX   Contract – 1,387 hours in FY14 and 1,733 hours in FY15  DLG Consulting (DLGC) provides Information Technology, Information Security, Project Management, Business Analysis and Technology solutions through placement of certified professionals in temporary staff, contract-to-hire and direct-hire positions.  www.example.com  www.example.com  Must respond by noon CST 01/13/2014  Direct inquiries only (no 3rd party submittals).  Must be authorized to work in the United States; no H-1B sponsorship available.  Project Lead II (Emerging) [ID#  XXX B]  Description of Duties  Project Overview:  The worker will be assigned to the DADS Information Technology (IT) Project Management Office (PMO) team and will plan, organize, prioritize, and schedule projects for the CARE Retirement project.   Work involves day to day responsibility for management of a project team and providing team leadership.   The analysis effort will include defining, documenting and developing processes, requirements and related training for automated systems. The services to be provided include, but are not limited, to the following:  A. Worker provides overall guidance to the project, oversees detailed analysis processes and approves deliverables. B. Worker ensures appropriate resources are assigned to the project team.  Worker serves as the liaison to project and executive sponsors for project progress. C. Worker resolves issues identified by project team or escalates issues for management resolution. D. Worker ensures compliance with:  approved standard operating policies and procedures (SOPs);  approved scalable project management methodology including justification, initiation, planning, executing, monitoring and controlling, and closing;  the Texas Project Delivery Framework, software engineering procedures including requirements, design, coding, testing, deployment;  and quality and testing standards for deployment into production. E. Worker shall have strong writing, analytical, interpersonal, organizational, and communication skills with project management experience.  F. Worker will perform tasks under general supervision with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment.  All communication with internal and external staff will be handled in a professional manner. G. Worker will coordinate with IT project leads, DADS program and other subject matter experts, contractor representatives, and other state agency representatives as required to ensure necessary tasks, deliverables and timelines are completed. H. Worker will perform meeting and/or presentation preparation tasks as needed (e.g., prepare or oversee preparation of and provide agendas and pre-meeting materials as well as follow-up notes, post-meeting materials, assignment follow-up and related activities.)  I. Worker coordinates with project leads to ensure projects are completed on time and within budget, scope, and quality agreements outlined in approved project documentation, including change management documents, as required. J. Worker will ensure compliance with all Federal, State, and agency laws, rules, policies, and procedures including SOPs that govern DADS IT. K. Worker will be skilled in the use of the complete MS Office product line. L. Other duties as assigned.  Worker Skills and Qualifications (Required)  Minimum Requirements: Years - Skills/Experience  5 - Extensive work experience and understanding of project management lifecycle (PMLC) and system development lifecycle (SDLC) methodologies. 5 - Experience in identifying potential project risks and issues and documenting strategies to accept, mitigate, or avoid. 5 - Experience in conducting meetings and/or presentation preparation tasks as needed (e.g., prepare or oversee preparation of and provide agendas and pre-meeting materials as well as follow-up notes, post-meeting materials, assignment follow-up, and related activities. 5 - Experience in MS Office Suite. 5 - Must have a strong analytical, problem-identification and process analysis skills with the ability to envision a solution from requirements.   5 - Strong writing, interpersonal, organizational, and communications skills with project management experience. 5 - Works under limited supervision with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment.  Relies on limited experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Strong - Must have excellent communication skills both orally and in writing.  Preferred / Optional Requirements: Years - Skills/Experience  3 - Experience working in a State/Federal government environment. 3 - Project Management Professional (PMP) certification.  WORK HOURS AND LOCATION M-F 8am-5pm - Austin, Texas 78751  All qualified applicants receive consideration without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, sex or age.
3411:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job associate-needed	SUMMARY  Overall team oriented focus will be on continuous process improvement resulting in improved quality and safety and the elimination of waste. Plans, directs, and coordinates manufacturing processes in facility by performing the following duties:  ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Develops, evaluates, and improves manufacturing methods • Participates on continuous improvement teams with ability to coordinate and lead Kaizen events. • Analyzes and plans work force utilization, space requirements and workflow, and designs layout of equipment and workspace for maximum efficiency • Confers with Process Coaches concerning product design and tooling to ensure efficient production methods • Confers with suppliers to determine product specifications and arrange for purchase of equipment, materials, or parts, and evaluates products according to specifications and quality standards • Estimates production times, staffing requirements, and related costs to provide information for management decisions • Confers with management, engineering, and other staff regarding manufacturing capabilities, production schedules, and other considerations to facilitate production processes • Applies statistical methods to estimate future manufacturing requirements and potential • Establishes standards and policies for pollution control and  ensures environmental compliance • Oversees preventive maintenance program for facility • Oversees installation, modification, quality control, testing, operating procedures, inspection and maintenance of equipment • Prepares bid sheets and contracts for construction and facilities acquisition • Tests newly installed machines and equipment to ensure fulfillment of contract specifications • Ability to evaluate engineering drawings and submit requests for quotes on new and existing projects • Other duties as assigned  QUALIFICATIONS: • Individual must be self driven and flexible with a positive outlook on life • Individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily • The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required • Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions  EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE: • Four year degree in Manufacturing or Industrial Engineering or two years Technical schooling in Engineering with 2 years experience • Understanding of lean concepts and tools • Ability to write work instructions • Ability to read and interpret engineering drawings • Machining • Assembly
3415:hourly-wage supervising-job full-time-job	Do you enjoy being on site and managing light construction and renovations from beginning to end? Do you have an eye for architectural details and getting the details right? Are you skilled in a variety of construction trades and have a \"let's get it done\" attitude? Would you like to work on a variety of projects managing and assisting our construction crew, while exceeding the expectations of our customers?  A respected and established roofing company in Edmond is growing and is looking for a self-motivated leader with a strong work ethic. The individual joining our team will be a proficient manager whose organization and management of projects results in jobs completed on time with the highest of quality standards. Interpersonal and problem solving skills are critical job components for this individual to excel.  The successful candidate will be joining a high energy work environment that produces customer-focused results, and will play an important role with our team. We are looking for someone adept in various aspects of light construction and remodeling; including painting, drywall, carpentry, siding, & fence-building.  Pay is commensurate with experience, ability, and effectiveness; range is $15 to $20 an hour, full time. Paid weekly. Overtime is available. Mileage reimbursed.  Interested applicants please respond by email to this posting with qualifications and experience. Be sure to note any past experience with specific project details. We look forward to hearing from you.
3421:supervising-job	*Multi-Unit Restaurant Supervisor* Century Management, LLC, a 60 store McDonald’s franchise based in Memphis, TN is seeking a Mid-Management Restaurant Supervisor to join our team.  *Multi-unit restaurant supervision experience is required.*  *A Multi-Unit Supervisor Exhibits:* • Strong Leadership Skills • Excellent Communication Skills – both written and oral. • Strong Decision Making and Problem Solving Skills • Proven Track Record of Operations Management and Increasing Profitability • Ability to Identify and Develop Future Leaders of the Company *Excellent Benefits Including:* • Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance Options • Disability and Life Insurance Provided • 401(k) • Stock Purchase Plan • Company Savings Plan • Company Vehicle and Cell Phone • Company Vacation Condominium Privileges  • Paid Vacation and Holidays *Salary negotiable for Multi-Unit Restaurant Supervisors based on experience.*
3422:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	GRN of Memphis is searching for an Inside Sales Manager on behalf of a Client in Memphis, TN. *Submit Resumes in Word Doc format* only for consideration   *Job Description*  A nationally recognized generic pharmaceutical distributor is currently seeking strong candidates for the position of Office Manager of their Inside Sales force: Memphis, TN. This position requires strong management and motivational skills. The Ideal candidate should feel comfortable with coaching a team of 10-12 telephone sales representatives, providing leadership, and strategies for improvement. Additionally, 2-3 years experience in cold calling and pharmaceutical or medical sales background is desirable.    *Knowledge & Skills Requirements*   • Ensure the achievement of sales quotas and goals for assigned team and team members • 3 plus years proven team management experience  • Provide feedback and coaching in line with the department needs for development • Create and sustain a working environment that supports a team based selling attributes, i.e. professionalism, respect, open communication • Take ownership for campaign implementation and ensures that the inside sales campaigns are in line with the goals and objectives of the Inside Sales Department • Provide strategic direction around optimizing the role of an Inside Sales representative • Monitor performance of the Inside Sales representative through call monitoring along with other measures to improve customer experience and team progress • Lead by example through the effective display of personal and professional integrity • Conduct weekly team meetings that provide company and initiative update along with motivating the team • Conduct quarterly and annual performance reviews • Evaluate and monitor results of product campaigns. Plan future strategies accordingly  GRN of Memphis is searching for an Inside Sales Manager on behalf of a Client in Memphis, TN. *Submit Resumes in Word Doc format* only for consideration
3424:supervising-job	POSITION SUMMARY:   Manages and controls the activities of the facility, machines, equipment, processes and co-workers engaged in the fabrication and assembly of corrugated cartons and inner-packaging.  Ensure that goods and services are produced efficiently and that the correct amount is produced at the right cost and level of quality.       PRIMARY DUTIES AND/OR RESPONSIBILITIES:   •Safety and Health of self, co-workers and visitors; perform required management activities.    •Support and maintain ISO 9001 activities required within the scope of the position responsibility.    •Ensuring that the production is cost effective; recommends measures to improve production methods, equipment and performance efficiencies.    •Managing and overseeing the production, shipping  and maintenance process,    •Estimating costs and setting the quality standards Making sure that products are produced on time and are of good quality;    •Attain approval and execute on human and material resources needed;    •Drafting a timescale and schedules manufacturing and project activities.    •Monitoring the production processes and making adjustments as needed;    •Responsible for the selection and maintenance of equipment;    •Monitoring product standards and implementing quality-control programs.    •Has the authority to initiate action to prevent the occurrence of any non-conformities relating to product, process and quality system; identify and record any problems relating to the product, process and quality system.    •Liaising among different departments, e.g.  customers, suppliers, managers;    •Reviews errors and complaints and assists in any corrective or preventative action.    •Interfaces with local, state and federal agencies as needed for reporting purposes.    •Support and maintain environmental compliance.    •Working with managers to implement the company's policies and goals;    •Managing and motivating a team of workers;    •Identification of Training Needs    •Works to develop and improve direct reports by pursuing opportunities for continuous learning/feedback; constructive coaching; this includes performance management.    •Administrative duties such as attendance, vacation, etc…    •Ensuring that all direct report(s) co-workers meet his or her deadlines in all activities and organizational requests.    •Directly manages and coordinates the activities of the Production Converting and Printing Supervisors,  General Supervisor, etc…This position manages responsibilities in accordance with the organization’s policies, applicable laws and the union agreement between the Teamsters and the company.    •Other responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, and developing co-workers; planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance; disciplining employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems. Safety of co-workers, customers and visitors    •Performs other duties and/or responsibilities as requested.
3425:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Must have a minimum of 2 to 5 years exp. in supervising a Hotel engineering and landscaping staff, experience in all facets of the hotel engineering field, to include but not limited to, HVAC, Kitchen Maintenance, Electrical, Plumbing, Carpentry, Life Safety Systems, Elevators, and Electronics. Primary duties, to ensure the smooth daily operation and guest appeal of the property. Must be able to plan and maintain budgets, ordering of materials, personnel, and any duties assigned. Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills.
3427:supervising-job	Professional Facilities Management is currently looking to hire highly skilled and professional craftsman to specialize in carrying out various jobs and projects such as performing repairs and maintenance on residential properties.    Must be able to work independently with minimal supervision and have a variety of construction skill sets including but not limited to basic electrical, plumbing, carpentry, drywall, and painting.  JOB REQUIREMENTS:  1. Must have a flexible schedule and be willing to work some nights and weekends as needed. 2. Excellent attendance, dependability and reliability are essential. 3. Required to have strong troubleshooting skill set. 4. Expected to be able to work independently and with others depending on scope of work. 5. Must be able to complete scope of work according to industry quality standards and within            prescribed time frames. 6. Ability to communicate effectively with company’s clients, its management team and other field employees. 7. Must be able to perform general physical activities common to construction (i.e. climbing, lifting, balancing, walking, stooping, and handling of materials). 8. Must be able to operate service truck and other equipment safely. 9. Must have intermediate computer skills. 10.Very Good driving record and must pass a DMV check 11. Ability to pass background check, drug screen and physical exam.  Fully Outfitted Service Vehicle, all tools, Ipad, Iphone, uniforms provided by PFMI  COMPENSATION WILL DEPEND ON EXPERIENCE   Please send resume by email to:  Will Judah - Director of Sourcing  Professional Facilities Management 4164 Troy Highway  Montgomery, AL 36116 Office Main:  XXX   Cell:  XXX   Fax:  XXX 
3443:5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job supervising-job	*Company :* A large multi national manufacturing company. It is a direct client of Sama Consulting Inc.  *NOTE:*You will be an employee of this manufacturing company and NOT Sama Consulting.  *DETAILS* • This is a permanent / Full Time position. • Excellent compensation and benefits. • If required the client will do an H1B Transfer + process Green Cards. • The client will pay for relocation as required.  *SUMMARY* A person with good Baan technical programming and development skills with emphasis on Baan ERP 3GL and 4GL. Good knowledge of SDLC, Database Design and Analytical Skills.  *DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES* - Develop Baan 4GL sessions of Type 1/2/3 and write Baan 3GL/4GL Query Source Code pertaining to the functional logic as defined. - Analyze and create Customized Baan Reports - Collaborate with other applications developers on technical approach to ensure the most effective & efficient software solution.  -  Application Interface development using API's/BOI's/AFS/BOD/DAL etc  *REQUIREMENTS* - 6+ yrs Experience on Baan V / LN tools.  - Excellent Communication and interpersonal skills and the ability to work in cross functional teams - Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral or diagram form - Willingness and zeal to go the extra mile to accomplish targeted goals.
3451:bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Job Description:  The Manager, Federal Systems Integrators (FSI’s) is responsible for developing and managing strategic relationships with integrator companies selling and/or providing cloud services or solutions primarily in the Federal System sector. This position requires a detailed knowledge and understanding of both the Federal customer base and System Integrator segment, including: organization, decision making processes, and procurement intricacies. This individual will also be responsible for working with the Ostrato staff to help drive the strategies that connect the system Integrator to the Federal Government contracts. Knowledge of the intricacies of the enterprise cloud sector space is required. Experience selling IT and/or professional services into the System Integrator sector is also required.  This person will be responsible for sales through and influenced by the Federal System Integrators with full account management responsibility with each assigned agency or integrator, building relationships, opening new strategic accounts and developing strong partner and customer relationships. Sales opportunities will be driven through both telephone and face-to-face meetings, and responsibility will also include new lead generation. Other duties will include building business cases for bidding of RFPs, helping to pull together teaming / partnering for large programs, and aiding in the development of win strategies.  The successful candidate will be proficient and experienced at producing consistent, timely and accurate pipeline/ forecast reports to management, and functional working documents for account reviews. This person will also have experience calling at C-level offices, will possess strong communication and presentation skills, and will have proficient computer skills. Experience working with common online research tools such as Deltek, Gov Win and Salesforce.com strongly preferred.  Position Qualifications:  • Strong Federal System Integrator background and experience in building and leveraging channel partners. Can influence and drive a channel-focused business. • 6-10+ years technology vendor experience (preferably in enterprise cloud systems, systems management, security, or storage software) selling into the channel space. • Track record of building and executing strategies to build best in class FSI partner programs based on quantitative and qualitative market opportunity assessments. • Ability to build relationships and influence cross functionally; experience negotiating licensing contracts, coordinating and leading executive level sales meetings and implementing quarterly business plans. • Great relationship skills, tenacity, resilience and inter-personal/presentation skills. • Strong organizational skills with the ability to multi-task and set priorities. • Bachelor's degree or equivalent preferred, MBA and certifications are a plus.   Position Responsibilities:  • Manage all partner activities within the region and align with the Sales Directors to drive partner strategy and execute a mutually agreed upon plan. This requires strong team-work and leadership qualities. • Achieve key business goals and revenue quotas: manage partner contract and quota negotiations. Ensure minimum certification and performance levels are met. • Prospect, identify, recruit, negotiate, enable and manage new FSI partners. This requires a complete understanding of the enterprise and mobility channel space to determine fit and enable predictable success at an account level. • Recruit new channel partners: This means owning the selection profiling process as well as the on-boarding processes such as contract negotiation and administration. • Enable FSI partners: Create and drive enablement activities based on automated and repeatable processes. Responsible for all development and enablement activities within the channel partner (sales, order placement, renewals, and services). • Manage partners: Work with existing partners to develop the business to be a highly profitable and strategic part of their overall business. Responsible for ensuring a strong relationship exists with partner senior management. Work closely with the channel & federal marketing team to drive successful demand generation programs through channel partners. • Create, implement and maintain a business plan with the channel partners that will establish and maintain high awareness of Ostrato’ss value proposition and market position across the channel partner organization including executive relationships. • Travel 50% (mostly local)
3452:supervising-job full-time-job bs-degree-needed salary 2-4-years-experience-needed	Position:     Full time  Status:      Exempt  *Agency:* Hudson Valley Mental Health is a private, voluntary, not-for-profit community organization. Its mission is to provide comprehensive and integrated services to meet the mental health needs of the community. HVMH operates five New York State licensed outpatient mental health clinics in Dutchess County and beginning in 2014, will be operating three clinics in Ulster County.   The clinics provide a full array of therapeutic services to adults, seniors, and families. Services are available to everyone in need, regardless of insurance or income. These services include individual or group therapy, medication, and medication management. HVMH is an equal opportunity employer.   HVMH is an affiliate of Family Services, Inc.  *Location:* Ulster County Clinics are located in Kingston, New Paltz and Ellenville, NY.   Primary work location will be the Kingston clinic, but candidate might be asked to cover other Ulster County HVMH clinics due to scheduling needs (see Compensation/Benefits area for details).  *DISTINGUISHING FEATURES OF THE CLASS:*  This is an administrative position responsible for the supervision of the billing operation.  This person coordinates all insurance billing functions, Medicaid and Medicare functions and data processing functions concerning billing for the Agency’s Ulster County clients.  Work is performed under the general supervision of the HVMH President.  Supervision is exercised over the work of support staff.    *FUNCTION:*  The primary function of this position is for the supervision of the billing department staff and operation in Ulster County.    *RESPONSIBILITIES:*  • Supervises and coordinates the entire billing operation across units in Ulster County • Develops and implements systems for credit collections and cash collections • Supervises accounts receivable in Electronic Medical Record system • Coordinates and develops computer billing schedules within Electronic Medical Record system • Implements necessary changes in billing system, making sure changes conform to established time-lines • Supervises the insurance process of treatment reviews, etc. • Coordinates with clinical staff in resolving issues of non-paying clients • Sets patient fees in accordance with established fee schedule • Recommends policy and procedure changes when necessary • Informs Unit Director of relevant clinical and administrative issues • Other duties as deemed necessary and assigned by supervisor  *REQUIRED SKILLS:*  • Knowledge of billing and collection procedures • Knowledge of accounting principles and practices • Knowledge of Medicaid and Medicare rules and regulations • Knowledge of business English and arithmetic; ability to understand and interpret a variety of health insurance plans and coverage provided by insurance companies • Experience working with Electronic Medical Records systems • Ability to supervise the work of others and to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing • Ability to develop and maintain collaborative and supportive working relationships with all members of the clinical and clerical staff • Willingness to travel between Ulster County Clinics, if necessary • Ability to learn and work within agency procedures and guidelines • Ability to exercise sound judgment in tracking sources of errors and in using established guidelines to determine the necessary corrective action  *MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:*  EITHER:   (A) Graduation from a regionally accredited or New York State registered college or university with a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Accounting or a closely related field AND four (4) years of clerical or technical work experience, including two (2) years of experience supervising others.  Work experience should include the maintenance of financial records which shall have involved billing and/or collection work;  OR:    (B) Graduation from a regionally accredited or New York State registered college or university with an Associate's degree in Business Administration.  Accounting or a closely related field AND six (6) years of clerical or technical work, including two (2) years of experience supervising others.  Work experience should include the maintenance of financial records which shall have involved billing and/or collection work  *HOURS:  * This is a full-time (35 hours/week), exempt position.  Clinic hours are:  Kingston Office: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday:  9 am – 5 pm Thursday:  10 am – 6 pm  New Paltz Office: Tuesday and Thursday:  10 am to 6 pm  Ellenville Office: Wednesday:  10 am to 6 pm  This position’s primary location will be Kingston with the understanding that at times travel to the other clinics might be required.  *COMPENSATION/BENEFITS: * Salary:  $42,000/year   Benefits:  HVMH offers competitive benefits packages including: • Medical, dental, and vision coverage  • Pension plan and 403(b) retirement plan • Group term life and long-term disability insurance • Supplemental life insurance & accidental death and dismemberment (AD&D) • Paid vacation, holiday, sick, and personal time • Supplemental insurance through AFLAC • Employee assistance program (EAP)  Hudson Valley Mental Health, Inc., is an equal opportunity employer.
3455:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	Amazing opportunity to Join Teleflex in our Anesthesia and Respiratory premier management team.   Key Responsibilities: • Interface with field sales specialist by training, planning, counseling, and directing their efforts in selling and properly following up on accounts to achieve personal, regional, and corporate goals; formulate sales objectives and assess progress on a routine basis for each representative. • Interface with Marketing to collect and analyze market data and trends and provide input into the competitive environment and emerging threats and opportunities that affect the business • Ensure that all staff working in the area are trained and fit for function and that available company programs to this end are offered and participated in, including courses related to sales competency, technical and clinical knowledge and skills, systems and device operation and basic financial management tools. Ensure that continuous education and skills cultivation is part of the communicated management culture and ambition. • Conduct performance management and feedback to ensure professional and timely review of set objectives with each member of the team. • Prepare, review, and analyze various reports to monitor sales representatives' activities and offer direction and motivation when needed • Maximize new product evaluations. • Identify contract expirations and formulate strategic next steps. • Interact with home office personnel and serve as liaison between home office, field sales representatives and customers. • Analyze and approve/disapprove requests from sales representatives to exhibit designated products at medical meetings. • Plan and conduct regional sales meetings with an emphasis on assessing individual sales performance and to confirm territory’s strategic plan for growth  • Understand product portfolio and be able to make impactful sales presentations when necessary. • Develop talent and successor, Interview and qualify potential new sales representatives. • Review sales representatives expense reports to assure compliance with company policies and the proper use of company resources. • Adhering to and ensuring the compliance of the Company’s Code of Ethics, all Company policies which include but are not limited to the North America Contract Administration Policy and Procedures, North America Sales and Marketing Compliance Policy, the Health Care Provider Payment Tracking Policy and the North America Discount and Pricing Policy.   Basic Requirements: • 10 years of sales experience, within the medical device area  • 5 years of managerial experience within a medical device company • BA/BS Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience. • Ability to travel 50%+  Preferred Skills: • Demonstrated knowledge of basic P&L principles  • Proven historical success in managing a team and exceeding objectives • Proven leadership and communication skills • Proven and successful experience relative to driving the sales process throughout an entire hospital system • Proven experience of selling to Hospital Administration to include the “C Suite” • Proven experience in maximizing GPO/IDN related opportunities • Complete computer systems and business software competency, including all current office tools such as Outlook, Excel, PowerPoint and equivalent   Teleflex is an affirmative action & equal opportunity employer. D/V/M/F
3458:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	SMOOTHIE KING  First and Original Smoothie King is a forty-years-young brand, having been a pioneer in the creation of the first nutritional smoothie. It is the unique ability to create a fresh and healthy alternative to fast food, while never compromising the delicious taste and superior quality that sets us apart.   Join our team today! Having been purchased in 2012 by its largest franchise owner, Smoothie King is growing rapidly. We are currently looking for enthusiastic, motivated, and qualified individuals who are interested in joining us in our mission:   Inspire People to Live a Healthy and Active Lifestyle!  Summary:   The General Manager is responsible for overall operations of the restaurant. They will be involved in all areas of restaurant management, which includes leadership and development of their team, ensuring a superior customer experience, maximizing sales performance, and driving profitability while maintaining a fun and welcoming atmosphere.   Essential Functions:  -The General Manager is responsible for the day-to-day operations of the restaurant.   -They will meet Smoothie King’s financial objectives by forecasting requirements, preparing an annual budget, scheduling expenses, analyzing variances, interpreting basic profit/loss concepts, and applying sound logic in implementing corrective actions.   -The ideal candidate would perform the store’s talent management functions, including identifying talent, hiring, team member training and development, and coaching.   -Brand loyalty: Communicate and execute positive brand impression to the overall customer experience.  -Must ensure consistency and high quality preparation of smoothies and guest service.  -Enforce sanitary practices for food handling, general cleanliness, and maintenance of kitchen and dining areas. Ensure compliance with operational standards, company policies, federal/state/local laws and ordinances.   Requirements:  -Minimum 3 years in restaurant management  -Education: High School Diploma or equivalent -Expected to stand approximately 8 hours per day, lift products of < 55lbs in weight, stoop and bend . -Full time, 40 hour/ week -Microsoft Office knowledge required -Knowledgeable of general POS functionality  -Excellent Communication Skills, ability to give and receive feedback -Experience with OSHA, EEOC, and other federal and state laws and local statutes. -ServSafe Certification  We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.
3459:supervising-job bs-degree-needed	The V7 Project Corp. is seeking a Business Development/Proposal Manager that will function as lead coordinator of business development projects including proposals, qualification documents, RFP's, Solicitations, presentations and other marketing materials.  Will work independently and as part of a team.  The BD/Proposal Manager reports to and receives assignments from the CRM Division Director & the CEO. The position supports business development departments across North America and internationally as part of a virtual proposal center in such diverse markets as environmental, energy, manufacturing/industrial, IT, engineering, retail, aviation, and other markets.  This position is based in Charlotte, NC.  Relocation expenses are not paid.      V7 Project Corp. Business Development Proposal Manager Responsibilities:  Creates, gathers, researches and organizes information from many sources to generate business development documents including proposals, qualifications and presentations.  Must synthesize disparate data from multiple sources into coherent BD documents.   Understands and supports V7 Project Corps' business development and proposal development policies, procedures and protocols.  Proposal development elements may include but are not limited to qualification document development, Marketing Team Reviews, proposal development and delivery and pre-selection presentations with the CEO.   Reviews RFP and bid/qualifications request documents so that client requirements are clearly understood.  Works with BD Manager/Proposal Manager to prepare the Responsibility and Compliance Matrix.    Works with other BD Managers/Proposal Managers to prepare a proposal schedule that includes ample time for document development, all reviews, production and delivery.   Organizes all technical written materials supplied by support groups including organization of sections, tables, exhibits, and attachments.  Monitors proposal for accurate content and branding/format consistency and compliance.     Schedules marketing support services with the appropriate support groups such as graphics, copy editors, quality assurance and production, to ensure proposal deadlines are completely understood and met.     Identifies and edits existing materials and/or writes copy to effectively communicate Parsons services, core capabilities and discriminators to develop responses.  Researches and gathers information to include corporate information, past experience examples, proposed project team resumes and other standard materials.  Captures any new language written for addition to the marketing content database.     Interfaces with support departments such as Safety, Contracts, Finance, Project Controls, Human Resources and CRM Division to meet document requirements.      Tracks and reports status of all proposal elements to proposal team and CRM Director.  Anticipates potential problem areas and works to provide practical solutions to problems as they arise.    Schedules and participates in meetings relating to proposals, business development and marketing.  Maintains files in soft copy repository medium (SharePoint)  Supports special projects and completes other responsibilities associated with the position as may be appropriate.   May be required to work evenings and weekends to meet proposal deadlines.  Travel requirements are limited to: 0% to 20% of time.  Position Qualifications:    Flexibility to adapt to changing priorities and direction in a very dynamic work environment.  Proven ability to meet strict deadlines 100% of the time, without fail.  Excellent organization/time management skills.  Ability to interface and work with all levels of personnel (and occasionally teaming partners and/or subcontractors) in a team environment.  Ability to work effectively with diverse and strong personalities at a Corporate level  Excellent use of the English language, strong writing skills, and an ability to solve problems quickly in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment are required.  Above average skill with Microsoft Office software required to produce final proposals in a demanding time frame.  Prior experience in RFP response and/or proposal development needed.  Experience in the project management industry a plus.     BA/BS in areas such as: Marketing, English, Communications, Liberal Arts, or a technical discipline, or equivalent knowledge of 2+ years of applicable experience is preferred.   This Position Reports to the CRM Division Director and the CEO & CIO.
3470:supervising-job	Please email resume and/or cover letter first. Email as text or email body, please. Please avoid using attachment if possible. Leaving resume content in email body will get better notice. Format is not as important as substance.   You must have authorization to work in the US in order to apply for this position.  We are an E-commerce business that sells on the web and ship orders from multiple locations. We also have a retail store in Cambridge. We are looking for a retail store manager with experiences running a retail store who understands how to set up retail and showroom displays and manage inventory. Prior experiences in a gifts or apparel store or kiosks, embroidery and screen printing or a sign business are highly desirable. If you are not yet equipped to run a retail store on your own but have proven experiences in setting up displays and manage inventory you will be considered for an associate position.   The primary location for the retail store manager position is in Cambridge next to the Cambridgeside Galleries Mall. Walking distance to Kendall Square (red line) and Lechmere (green line) T Station, MIT campus, and memorial drive. Occasionally you may need to work in our Needham/Newton location. It helps if you have a car and can drive. For the associate position, you may work in either Cambridge or Needham/Newton location on different schedules.   Stable position with long term commitment of at least 1 year or longer. Part time or full time. Short term or temporary worker needs not apply. Outstanding performance could potentially lead to full time employment or promotion. Prefer someone likely to stay around the greater Boston area for at least a few years. For an extraordinary candidate of the store manager position who is entrepreneurial and dreams of running his own retail business in the future this may be an opportunity to get started. Profit sharing or earned ownership equity buyout opportunity exist.  Entry level is OK for the associate position. Will train. Must have commitment. Will consider college students willing to work part time.    Main duties:  For store manager:  - set up retail and showroom display - be responsible for store sales and customer services - organize and manage inventory and samples -  ship and receive UPS/DHL/FedEx/USPS packages  - scan invoices, other mails or documents, and transfer electronically to main offices in other locations - communicating with vendors or clients on business development  For associates:  Similar to above with less experience.   Minimum requirements:  You are required to use PC and web as the primary tool at work. If you don't like computer or web, type slowly, or cannot use it productively, this position in not the right fit for you.  - Professional phone handling skills - Basic understanding of E-commerce  - Working knowledge of MS Office including Excel, Word, and Outlook - Ability to work in a team environment - Must be able to type fast and accurately  Personal Characteristics: - Customer oriented personality - Attention to detail - Ability to meet demanding deadlines - Flexibility with a \"can do\" attitude  Additional skills or educations desired:  - Fluency in Mandarin Chinese. Because the position involves some communications with overseas suppliers and other resources, conversational skills as well as some ability in reading and writing of Mandarin Chinese are desirable.  - BS degree (or students in pursuit of BS degree with good GPA) preferred.   Previous retail store, warehouse, or sales experience is valued.  • Location: Cambridge, Needham/Newton • Compensation: $10-$18 hourly depending on experience and position. Performance based bonus included.  • Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster. • Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.
3479:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Skechers USA, Inc., a global leader in Lifestyle and Performance Footwear has exciting opportunities in Albertville, Minnesota. We are currently hiring a Retail Store Manager at our Alberville Premium Outlets.  We are looking for dynamic, energetic, sales driven and career minded individuals that have a passion for our Performance Footwear. In order to qualify for a Store Manager Position you must have 1-2 years of continuous management experience, footwear experience is preferred. At Skechers we are fashion forward and business casual environment and require a clean polished and updated image. We do not allow exposed tattoos or facial piercings. We look forward to hearing from you.  Job Responsibilities for Retail Store Managers include:  Responsible for managing the day-to-day operations and personnel of Skechers retail store. Drive top line sales by training employees how to sell off the wall, product knowledge and customer service. Responsibilities include recruiting, staffing, developing, training, coaching and supervising employees as well as managing each assigned store's daily operations within budgeted goals and expectations. It is a condition of employment that you are flexible with regard to hours and days worked and we may need to increase your hours or to decrease your hours based on the needs of our business.  ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES FOR A RETAIL STORE MANAGER  1. Sell product, product knowledge and customer service.  2. Manages day-to-day store operations by ensuring all company policies/procedures are followed and that store wage and sales goals as well as operational expenses are controlled or met, as applicable.  3. Maintain proper inventory controls, facilitate inventory transaction.  4. Fills open-to-hire positions by recruiting and hiring new employees.  5. Ensures adequate staffing at all times, by appropriately scheduling staff based on business trend and making any necessary seasonal adjustments, within wage goal/budget.  6. Develops all employees by training them in the following: Product Knowledge, Brand Recognition, Selling Off the Wall, Customer Service standards, Sales Standards/Conversions, Merchandising standards and all company policies/procedures.  7. Responsible for assigned Store exceeding Comp Sales (where applicable) and Sales Plan by training and coaching employees to focus on increased multiple pair selling in each multiple location.  8. Supervises employees by enforcing policies/procedures by documenting disciplinary actions, performance evaluations, and reporting incidents to Human Resources and Management regarding any violations of company policies/procedures and preparing related documentation.  9. Ensure store's visual standards are met at all times by ensuring the proper mix and proper depth in key SKU's and by identifying store's needs by using and analyzing vendor sales reports and/or altering sales floor layouts (displays) and making recommendations to DM.  10. Finds new and exciting ways to attract customers by reviewing promo sign packages and making recommendations to DM.  SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITY: •Mentor and develop key performers to be ready for promotion within one year. •Present a professional image in appearance, words and action. •Train staff on professional image in appearance and conduct. •Build a positive team relationship, demonstrate ethical behavior. •Maintain all safety guidelines. •Manage all Supervisory functions.  QUALIFICATIONS: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  EXPERIENCE and/or EDUCATION: •A high school education or greater. •3 years minimum retail management experience -- footwear background preferred. •Hands on working knowledge of retail systems, human resources best practices and operations. •Must have customer service experience, professionalism and personable manner.  •Proficiency in computers.  PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand; use hands to finger, handle, or feel, and talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to walk; reach with hands and arms, and stoop, kneel, crouch, climb, balance or crawl. The employee is occasionally required to sit. The employee must regularly lift and or move at least 10 pounds.
3485:supervising-job salary	Licensed 120 Surplus Lines Underwriter/Account manager for immediate opening for Florida based National Insurance wholesale broker MGU offering both admitted and excess and surplus. Management opportunity for qualified candidate. Take advantage of  21st century technology with the option of working from home. Based salary plus unique opportunity for high earnings based on size of book managed. Benefits include Group Medical.
3490:1-year-experience-needed supervising-job	Ricker's Oil Company is a family owned business that operates 50 Convenience Store's throughout the state of Indiana. We are currently hiring for Manager's and Assistant Manager's for our Anderson Market.  Summary: The store manager is responsible for the day to day store operation, as well as the employees. Duties include product orders, tracking damaged/waste products, all store inventories, daily banking, daily, weekly, and monthly paperwork, personnel management including hiring, coaching and discipline, training, scheduling and terminating employment. The manager is on call and must have a working telephone.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities •Provides superior and quality customer service through consistent interaction. Serves as a role model to store personnel.  •Assists customers and responds to customer's complaints or inquiries •The manager is responsible for accurately completing daily reports and reviewing daily close reports.  •Is responsible for accuracy and integrity of inventory •Responsible for daily bank deposits, ordering and picking up change orders and ATM funds, loading safe, ATM, etc. •Determines and places weekly product order based on established company guidelines. Responsible for scanning in orders/vendors •Responsible for the hiring, training, coaching and discipline of all store personnel including the completion of documentation •Plans, prepares, and posts store personnel work schedules. Responsible for daily timecard edits and verifying the accuracy of hours worked and entering vacation hours for store personnel. •Responsible for (direct) supervision of all shift, by assigning and verifying completion of activity board duties. •Responsible for covering shifts when employees call in or don't show up •Ensures compliance of store personnel with policies and procedures, including established security, sales, and record keeping procedures and practices •Responsible for merchandising the store according to company guidelines •Responsible for timely execution of marketing promotions and price changes •Responsible for execution of company standards for mystery shop programs •Manage labor according to company guidelines •Responsible for maintaining fuel pricing compliance standards to ensure competitive street pricing. Duties include changing fuel price sign and register. •Responsible for performing CSR duties and responsibilities as outlined in the CSR Job Description  Department Expectations •Acts as a role model within and outside of the store •Demonstrates and models strong interpersonal skills to handle sensitive and confidential situations and documentation •Maintains a positive and respective attitude •Adheres to company policies and procedures •Excellent organizational skills and initiative to improve processes •Communicates regularly with district manager about store matters and issues •Demonstrates flexible and efficient time management and ability to work independently and prioritize work •Demonstrates a working knowledge of store operations  Supervisory Responsibilities The store manager is responsible to oversees and manage all stores personnel. Stores are comprised of two to three shifts.   Qualifications: *MUST HAVE AT LEAST 1 YEAR OF RETAIL MANAGEMENT EXPERIENCE To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Store manager must hold a valid driver's license and be insurable. Must meet company standards for the criminal background check, credit check, and assessment. Store manager must meet age requirement (21 or older) for alcohol sites. Management must be geographically flexible as the company assigns sites based on business need.  Education and Experience Employee must possess a high school diploma or equivalent. Prior related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience, preferred.  Language Skills Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business information, and documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to effectively speak and/or respond to questions from employees, customers, vendors, and the general public.  Mathematical Skills Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all unites of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, proportions, and percentages.  Reasoning Ability Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to solve practical problems and deal with an increased variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists.   Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. The employee must regularly be able to stand for up to 8 hour shifts, while bending, kneeling, stooping, and reaching.  Work Environment  The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly exposed to wet and/or humid conditions. The employee is frequently exposed to heights/use of ladders or step stools; fumes; outside weather conditions; extreme cold; and heat. The noise level in the work environment is usually loud   Please call our Recruiter after you have applied at  XXX x244
3491:supervising-job full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	We have a  DB2 DBA fulltime opportunity in Houston, TX,  Job desc is as follows. ---------------- Interview type : Telephone, followed by Skype / in-person.  You will be  responsible for administration of the database management subsystems that reside on the mainframe and midrange platforms.These data base management systems include IMS and all variations of DB2.  ·Assist in the analysis and design of logical and physical data base structures including conceptual design, data modeling, and physical implementation  ·Consult with Application Development and Computing Division personnel on data base application performance, tuning, and debugging  ·Assist with the design and implementation of procedures to ensure recoverability of corporate data resources  ·Assist with the installation, maintenance, and administration of data base related software utilities and tools  ·Maintain multi-tier data base environments including object migrations between those tiers  ·Perform data base maintenance/tuning and monitor performance to ensure that response meets or exceeds expectations  ·Create and maintain documentation as it relates to the data base environment  ·Participates in Rotating on-call after hours support  ·Must be self-motivated, team-oriented and ableto operate with minimal supervision  ·Strong analytical and problem solving skills  ·Ability to multitask effectively in a fast paced environment  ·Good written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills  ·Ability to conduct research and teach yourself  ·Creativity in proactively developing approaches to problems, recommending actions and implementing those recommendations.  ·A minimum of 3 years of experience in application programming, with two of those being directly related to the development of data base application  ·Working understanding of data analysis,modeling, and data base design methods and techniques.  ·Competent in basic data base administration tasks including the definition/alteration of data base objects, utility processing, security, backup/recovery, and performance and tuning.  ·Experience with DB2 for z/OS  ·Proficient in both written and oral communications skills.  ----------------  Do reply with  updated resume specific to this requirement, residency status, contact #, start date and expected salary per annum.  Look forward to hear from you, have a great day.  regards,  Vishe Muni. Goodtracks.
3494:full-time-job salary supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	*REPORTS TO: General Manager*  A well-established, multi-office, non-medical Home Care services company seeks an Private Duty Home Health Administrator Multi-office Manager. This is a fantastic opportunity for someone with strong leadership abilities to establish themselves with a local industry leader. Successful candidate will be responsible for all administrative aspects of the business. Competitive salary plus bonus plan. Prefer a strong background in the senior care market.   *All candidates must meet the minimum qualifications to be considered for the job.*  *JOB SUMMARY:* The Office Manager, will be responsible for supervision of scheduling staff, customer service, document management and direct and manage day-to-day operations in compliance with all state and federal laws and regulations across multiple offices.   *JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:* * Direct staff in performance of their duties including client admission, discharge and provision of services. * Ensure Company has 24 hour coverage with on-call and administrative staff. * Appoint a designee to supervise office staff during all operating hours in his/her absence. * Participate in the rotation of administrative on-call rotation during the week and on weekends. * Conduct performance reviews of all directly supervised office staff. * Implement standards and methods to ensure continuous compliance with state and Federal rules and regulations. * Ensure compliance of required documentation for caregiver and client files. * Maintain confidentiality of client information and all Registry operations. * Cooperate with all Federal, state and local regulatory and administrative agencies. * Review all client and contractor documents for compliance and archiving. * Monitor Scheduling and Document Management policies and ensure procedures are followed. * Direct home care operations to ensure the provision of adequate and appropriate care and services to clients. * Ensure proper contractor orientation. * Supervise scheduling coordinator staff to ensure resources are allocated properly. * Manage operation process flow. * Learn, maintain and train others on the web based scheduling system. * Learn, maintain and train others on the document management system to allow the office to be “paperless”. * Demonstrate professional conduct and ethics according to company policies and procedures. * Perform other job duties and responsibilities as assigned by the General Manager.  *Minimum Qualifications* The Administrator must be a licensed physician, physician assistant or a registered nurse licensed to practice in this state or an individual having at least one (1) year of supervisory or administrative experience in home health care or related health programs. Level II background check required.  *Experience* * 5 years Supervisory Experience, with at least 2 of which in a Home Health organization. * Private Duty home care experience strongly preferred.  *Education* * Bachelor’s degree preferred.  *Skills* * Experience managing Multiple Offices. * Must have knowledge of state and Federal rules and regulation for the home health industry. * Excellent verbal and written communication skills. * Able to work autonomously with minimum supervision. * Demonstrated problem-solving and decision-making skills. * Demonstrated computer proficiency including, Microsoft Office and Scheduling systems. * Able to work as a team member. * Must be able to work under stress and in a fast-paced environment. * Must be able to travel to local offices and clients. * Customer Relations – demonstrated ability to solve problems. * Software/Computer skills – must be able to troubleshoot and train. * Office management – ability to multi-task. * Ability to learn and master computer systems used in daily business, scheduling and document management. * Critical Thinking Skills. * Compliance – detail oriented.  Base Pay :  $50,000 - 65,000/Year commensurate with background and experience Other Pay :  Incentive Bonuses Employee Type :  Full-Time  Industry:  Healthcare - Health Services Manages Others :  Yes Education :  4 Year Degree preferred Experience :  At least 5 year(s)
3500:supervising-job	Immediate need of an Estimator/Project Manager with extensive experience in take off and all areas of concrete construction.    We are a General Contracting/Concrete Construction firm.  Please forward cover letter and resume with salary requirements.
3501:1-year-experience-needed supervising-job	Exemplifies welcoming, respectful & skillful behaviors that support our focus on excellence in health, wellness, customer service and a passion for lifestyle change.  Maintains an operating environment that assures effective, efficient and safe operation of the clinic & responds appropriately to the patients' and clinicians' needs.  Monitors & analyzes patient appointment schedules and patient care operations to maximize  smooth patient flow.  Demonstrates a thorough knowledge of infection control procedures, strictly adhering to policies & procedures.  Monitors staff management of incoming calls.  Ensures effective, accurate & correct communication of instructions to providers, staff, & patients regarding services, medications, & treatment, including proper documentation in the medical record.  Monitors strict adherence to universal precautions as established by the CDC, OSHA, CDHS, LA County Health Department, & HIPPA.  Ensures appropriate level of support staff to clinicians during examinations, treatments, & procedures.  Monitors exam room prep, instrument sterilization according to established procedures and daily cleaning of exam rooms/equipment.  Coordinates procuring of medical/office supplies & equipment.  Assists Executive Director with personnel policies/procedures manual updates & personnel records.  Keeps/maintains accurate time reports.  Directs supervision/monitoring of assigned clerical & billing staff.  Supervises non-clinical responsibilities of Medical Assistant*Coordinates periodic review of patient charts, audits, & quality assurance reviews.  Disseminates clinic information*Insures that new patients are properly registered & enrolled with the clinic.  Insures that each visit is documented to record diagnostic, procedural, & billing information.  Prepares/maintains proper documents/files related to all grants, grant proposals, contract, lease arrangement, purchasing/service agreements.  Coordinates with landlord for tenant services.  Assists/works closely with Executive and Medical Directors.  *Education:*    High School Degree, BA/BS preferred.  Experience may substitute for education.             *Experience:*     1 year Supervisory/lead experience in business management/accounting/HR, some medical background preferred.  Proficient in Microsoft Office.  Experience   Bilingual English/Spanish preferred but not required.
3503:bs-degree-needed salary 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Inside Response is an investment backed start-up company in Kansas City! In the heart of Leawood off of State Line, we have a great work environment including a large break room with ping-pong, TVs, video games, full kitchen and much more. Be a part of one of the fastest growing companies in KC.  We're seeking a Director of Business Development. We are highly selective, with an emphasis on strong work ethic, intelligence, accountability, and integrity.  The position will provide a number of roles offering valuable experience in B2B Sales and business development. We place an emphasis on “all-around athletes” who thrive in a creative environment. There is tremendous opportunity for development and advancement  WHAT YOU'LL DO:  • Build supply and demand channels for our Insurance and Home Services business units • Exceed business quotas and meet specific company goals • Cold call and build relationships with strategic partners • Plan and develop processes to measure client successes • Work closely with operations teams to ensure quality of service  We look for individuals who can balance personal achievement and teamwork, have intensity and integrity, intellectual curiosity, leadership potential and a passion for excellence.  Candidates should have the following qualities: • Bachelor's degree or MBA preferred • Extensive experience in business development with at least 3 years of proven success • Results driven and provide a track record of exceeding sales goals • Experience in insurance and home services a plus • High level of self-motivation; ability to accomplish goals independently • Ability to manage multiple projects and meet deadlines • Advanced analytical, excel and business judgment • Entrepreneurial, inquisitive and positive attitude • Articulate and well-spoken; strong interpersonal, communication and presentation skills • Strong preference for involvement in extracurricular activities • Knowledge of internet marketing, and digital media strategies • Ability to Lead • Excellent attention to detail  Competitive salary, benefits and commission schedule.  www.example.com
3515:salary supervising-job	Summit Polymers, Inc. is an automotive supplier of injection molded interior trim, which specializes in the engineering, manufacturing, and assembly of feature based registers, consoles and trim panels. High performance, lean manufacturing, and full service product development assure Summit’s continued growth and success. We currently have a great opportunity to join our team.  Summit offers a very competitive compensation and benefit package including medical, dental, vision, prescription, life and disability insurance; generous 401(k), flexible spending options, relocation consideration, tuition reimbursement, and flexible schedules; plus progressive career advancement for high performers. Applicants must include salary requirements and/or history to be considered. Summit is unable to sponsor any additional F1, TN or H1B Visas at this time. This position requires you to be able to meet our pre-employment testing standards and complete all post-hire training expectations.  The Maintenance Tech position is skilled maintenance work on equipment, buildings, and grounds.  Under general supervision, this position is responsible for the following major tasks:  • Performs routine preventive maintenance on machines and equipment as required.  • Troubleshoots, disassembles, and reassembles equipment, machinery, and components as directed.  • Performs building maintenance tasks, including interior and exterior building and ground maintenance involving electrical, mechanical, heating, cooling, plumbing, carpentry work as necessary.  • Troubleshoots pneumatic, hydraulic, electrical mechanical equipment as directed.  • Tests equipment, components, and machinery to assure proper operation.  • Welds, cuts, brazes metal for repair and fabrication purposes.  • Inspects equipment, machinery, tools, and facilities and reports needed repairs to Maintenance Manager for scheduling.  • Performs necessary repairs to interior and exterior of building as directed.  • Trains less experienced personnel as directed.  • Completes forms, work orders, charts, and other miscellaneous paperwork to assure proper documentation of work needed or performed.  • Other duties as assigned.   Requirements  Must possess the ability to train others for routine positions and gather information; agree to complete all post-hire required training; meet minimum testing requirements; and pass pre-employment drug screen.
3516:2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job supervising-job salary	Embrace success with a passion and join a fun entrepreneurial company!  The Company:  All Around Sports, a successful 11 year old Akron, Ohio based high school sports schedule poster company offers a program to high schools to help them fund their athletic program while providing inexpensive advertising solutions for local merchants who support those schools. As a result, our program helps build strong relationships between schools and their local communities. There is no cost to the school and 20% of the gross revenue is given to the athletic department from the ad sales produced by our inside sales team.  The Opportunity:  This is an exciting opportunity to work with an established company that is still growing. This role reports to the President of the company in our vibrant call center. The Sales Director serves as a coach and mentor to inspire and motivate our sales team to reach and surpass their goals. We promote teamwork among the management staff and sales representatives. We are an outbound sales call center. This position is full time, Monday through Friday.  Requirements:  Multiple years of success in developing, hiring, and training a staff in an outbound sales environment. Must possess strong leadership skills. Ability to follow a proven system and have the ability to close deals.  This position is located in Fairlawn, Ohio.  Are you ready to make a difference? If so, send us your cover letter, resume and call center references and qualified candidates will be contacted by phone.  •  Location: Akron •  Compensation: $45,000-$60,000 annually with additional bonuses •  Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster. •  Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.
3517:2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job salary supervising-job	All Around Sports, a successful 11 year Akron, Ohio based high school sports schedule poster company is expanding and is looking to immediately hire a Director of Business Development to our team.  This is an outside sales position. We will provide you with a salary plus bonuses. You will be on the road most of the day visiting schools. We will also have quota's for you to reach, but excellent rewards when quota's have been achieved.  At All Around Sports our primary goal is to partner with schools to help them fund their athletic program while providing inexpensive advertising solutions for local merchants who support those schools. As a result, our program helps build strong relationships between schools and their local communities. There is no cost to the school and no effort on their end. You will visit schools and meet with athletic directors and sign them up for our program. Northeast Ohio is a high school sports gold mine. We work with the schools for all three of their sports season (Fall, Winter and Spring)  Become a part of an established company that has expanded to the Midwest. Our corporate office is located in Akron,Ohio.  Responsibilities will include recruiting local high school athletic departments to our program so that our inside and outside sales team members can sell advertisements for the schedule posters to raise money for the local athletic departments.  An ideal candidate will have extensive sales experience. We are looking for someone with proven success in sales. We call referrals, do background checks and require proof of your experience and income in sales.  Estimated first year income for this position will be between and $65,000-$80,000, depending on your commissions and bonuses. Second year income should exceed $100,000.  We are looking for someone with high energy and that is extremely motivated. The right candidate will be promoted to our Regional Sales Director position overseeing other Directors of Business Development. We are looking for a long term employee who wants to make a consistent six figure income and that is not afraid to work hard to achieve it.  Face to face interviews and our one day training will be held in our corporate office in Akron, Ohio.  If interested, please respond with a detailed cover letter and resume to this ad only. We will contact you by phone if qualified.  * Location: Toledo * Compensation: Salary plus commission plus bonuses * Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster. * Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.
3520:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Great opportunity to work with one of the best restaurant brands in Greensboro! Harpers Restaurant serves consistent fresh food and cocktails. This position requires 3-5 years full service Restaurant General Management experience in a Premier casual or fine dining environment. Meets restaurant financial objectives by forecasting requirements; preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions. Ability to build sales and control costs  These individuals must have employment stability and leadership skills to continue to move the business forward. We offer a comprehensive training program with competitive compensation and benefits. Check out our website at www.example.com
3525:full-time-job bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	The ideal candidate will have progressed through manufacturing finance operations and be knowledgeable of cost savings opportunities, development of accounting staff, economic cost studies for new or existing products, and manufacturing processes.  The candidate will have demonstrated success in implementing process improvements and plant optimization. We are looking for the leader who enjoys being part of a dynamic manufacturing organization and seeks to play an active role on the business unit leadership team.  Key Job Responsibilities • Month-end closing responsibilities including reporting and analyzing variances to budget and forecast for the business unit management team and corporate leadership • Prepare and process weekly/semi-weekly payroll through third party • Supervise office/accounting staff • Perform account analysis and reconciliations • Prepare weekly cash management reporting • Prepare detailed monthly forecasts for the full year based upon the production drivers and key performance metrics at the facility • Lead weekly review of prior week and month to date estimates versus budget and forecast with the business unit management team • Inventory control and reconciliation, including reviewing or auditing the adherence to cycle count procedures and/or leading the annual physical inventory , calculation of Excess and Obsolete Inventory analysis, economic cost studies for projects concerning new or existing products, manufacturing processes, equipment, or facilities • Prepare and develop the annual business unit budget including developing standards, and updating the standards and period expense budgets in Infor 10 software • Support the business unit in generating and quantifying cost savings opportunities, and support the plant management team in the implementation of cost reduction initiatives • Support and lead the coordination of all plant internal and external financial and operational audits and address any audit findings with business unit and plant leadership • Respond quickly and accurately to customer requests, including special projects and other duties or analysis as requested by business unit leadership • Manage the credit and collection function for Accounts Receivable • Fixed asset control and reconciliation, including conducting the fixed asset physical inventory counts every three years • Management of the capital project process at facility including the review and approval of capital project requests, identifying obsolescence and project expenses, preparing financial justifications, and ensuring timely creation of assets in system   Required Qualifications • Bachelor degree in accounting • Five to Six years of accounting experience with a minimum of two years as a Finance or Accounting Manager in a product manufacturing environment.  • Demonstrated ability to link and analyze operational metrics to financial performance • Strong analytical, problem-solving, and organizational skills • Capable of working independently and managing multiple priorities • Excellent written and verbal communications with the ability to share knowledge at appropriate levels of the organization • Strong attention to detail and capable of delivering accurate, quality results in a timely, consistent, and professional manner • Strong interpersonal and team building skills including the ability to interact comfortably and respectfully with all levels of business unit and corporate personnel • Proven operational leadership skills in implementing and supporting new ideas • Advanced Microsoft Office skills, proficient in use of Google docs • Up to 25% travel  Desired Qualifications and Skills • Prior supervisory and/or management experience preferred • Graduate degree and/or CMA, CPA or other professional certification preferred • Experience with Syteline 8 or similar ERP system preferred • Conversational Spanish speaking skills
3526:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed salary supervising-job	ACCOUNTING MANAGER  The Accounting Manager will be responsible for: AP, AR, GL, month-end close, reconciliations  Preparing financial statements, budgets, and cash flow analysis  ACCOUNTING MANAGER, QUALIFICATIONS: BS Accounting or Finance CPA/CMA will be highly regarded 5 plus years of hands on general ledger accounting experience  Multitasking Ability to work independently as well as with the team Passionate about making deadlines Competitive salary Competitive benefits package The Accounting Manager position has a great Opportunity for growth
3527:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job full-time-job	About Dash Financial Dash Financial, a division of Electronic Brokerage Systems, is one of the largest electronic trading firms by market share and provides trading solutions for several of the world’s largest banks, brokers, mutual funds and hedge funds.  With offices in Chicago, New York, San Francisco and Kiev, Dash provides both buy- and sell-side clients with bespoke, low latency algorithmic, trade execution and DMA connectivity in US equity and options markets. Dash is rapidly expanding the size of its Chicago office to meet growth. This is a \"ground-floor\" opportunity to obtain experience in electronic equity and options trading, and to work in a thrilling, fast-paced environment.   About the Role Executive Office Coordinator We are seeking a highly motivated individual to join our Executive Office Administrative Team to assist with the daily management of our Executive Team. This role will involve working closely with the existing team to maintain a highly organized and efficient office. The successful candidate will exhibit a high level of professionalism and will thrive in a fast-paced, high-pressure environment. This position will require well structured organizational skills as well as a desire to learn the business. This is an opportunity to be involved with the management of a rapidly growing, young firm and will require the utmost dedication to producing high-quality work.    Responsibilities will include:   • Maintaining Dash's internal organizational methods while developing new techniques to improve efficiency. • Organizing and prioritizing daily tasks of the Executive Office team which include the CEO and CFO. • Coordinating meetings with business partners, clients and employees. • Completing various projects and assignments pertaining to a variety of business purposes • Handling external correspondence on behalf of the Executive Office, including email, letters, and memos. • Managing the rigorous travel schedules of the Executive Team. • Learning and internalizing the business model of a high-tech algorithmic trading firm   Qualified candidates will possess:   •       A high degree of focus, time management and foresight •       Must have 1-2 years experience in an executive support capacity. • The drive to excel and build new methodology to supplement current practices • The ability to perform in a high-pressure work environment while maintaining high standards of professional conduct. • A rigorous work-ethic with ambition to grow role. • Strong verbal and written communication skills. • Ability to follow complex oral and written instructions. • Strong executive presence. • Experience working with MS Office   Must send a cover letter along with a resume or CV
3539:bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Nissan is currently seeking a dynamic individual to fill an opening for a Senior Fixed Operations Manager located in our Buffalo, NY District in our Nissan Regional Northeast office.  *Job Summary* Supports assigned dealerships’ Parts & Service Operations to achieve district’s sales objectives for parts, service and wholesale sales targets. Assesses parts and service operations through routine contact and site visits. Identifies areas of improvement and convinces dealership P&S management to make improvements. Helps identify best in class dealerships’ practices and recommends incorporation into programs and policies. Supports AGM with local logistical support for market representation decisions and related dealership implications. Works with Dealer Operations Manager counterpart to synergize operations. Cooperates with other districts to maximize regional and national P&S sales efforts.  Districts may consist of 11 to 13 Dealerships.  *Job Functions* • Conducts routine dealership visits to review operations and meet with vehicle sales staff, management and Dealer Principal to assess all aspects of sales operations.  • Routinely reviews P&S sales reports and financial statements with P&S management to monitor financial strength of P&S operations and compliance with company standards and agreements.  • Reviews and monitors marketing and advertising plans for dealerships and assesses current effectiveness of their efforts.  • Understands other external consultant’s services currently utilized or considered by dealership.  • Educates and enlightens dealership personal on current incentive programs for customers, sales associates and dealership. Assists management with implementation and proper applications of programs.  • Monitors parts inventories and understands dealership tracking systems.  • Coordinates with Rgl Customer Experience Mgr on analysis of quality of customer interface and service practices in dealerships’ P&S operations.  • Supports dealership, district, region and national efforts by presence and assistance at auto shows and special events promoting brands and sales.  • Assists AGM with Market Representation related issues and actions within assigned dealerships as requested.  • Maintains awareness of competing dealerships in assigned market. Assists with analysis of market information and incorporates market expansion opportunities into assigned dealerships to maximize P&S sales.  • Understands dealer agreements and required performance and policy compliance for dealerships.  • Assists AGM and dealerships with logistics relating to opening and closing of dealership operations.  *Minimum Qualifications Skills & Abilities*  • Bachelor’s Degree in Business or related field required.  • A total of 6 years of progressive Marketing and Sales experience for the senior level including:  • A minimum 3 years of analytical experience in various specialties of the automotive industry including: Sales Operations, Dealer Agreements, Marketing, Parts and Service. Prior work may be a combination within a dealership, region, headquarters, or manufacturing facility and may be at the Analyst or Regional Manager level or similar type of position. At least 2 or more additional years of experience within a previous dealer contact support role such as FSM, FOM or DOM role is required for some district assignments and advancement to the senior level.  • Computer Skills: MS Office  • Dedication to meeting the expectations and requirements of internal and external customers.  • Attentive to others opinions and perspectives.  • Ability to influence the actions of others by building credibility through dealership knowledge, effective recommendations, clear communications, honesty, and demonstrated follow-up on promises.  • Ability to understand the complexities of situations and solicit assistance from others as needed.  • Travel: More than 75% day and overnight domestic travel.  Welcome to an open lane of possibility. Apply Now.
3541:supervising-job bs-degree-needed	The Goddard School on the Northside is hiring! We are looking for a hard working and dedicated individual to lead our Goddard Family to success.    Candidates must:  - Be a leader - Be reliable and dependable - Be ready and willing to work and collaborate with the staff - Be able to professionally speak, write, and communicate with parents - Be able to relate to both children AND their parents - Be outgoing and open minded! -Be ready to maintain existing family relationships and build strong  relationships with new families -Excellent customer service  -Have effective time management skills  -A love for life-long learning  -Must be able to mentor and motivate a highly trained staff  -Be great at multitasking and much much more!   Requirements:  Director candidates must have a 4 year degree in Education (Elementary Education, Early Childhood, Child Development, or a related field).   Qualified candidates should send their resume and transcripts.
3549:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	A small oil field engineering service & equipment provider with strong international client base is looking for a honest, capable and dependable individual to join us.   *Key Skills* * Must possess strong supervisory, communication and interpersonal skills. * Solid hands-on engineering working experience in Oil & Gas  *Education and Qualifications* * Bachelor degree in Engineering * Solid 2 years minimum verifiable working experience in oil & gas with positive references, internships do not count * Proficient with AutoCAD, Solidworks and MS Office Suite  *Technical / Managerial Responsibilities* * Responsible for the overall management of the San Antonio Office * Field liaison with regional clients * Provide field services and support equipment installation and commissioning * Coordinate with and obtain support from headquarter(s)  Successful candidate are provided with attractive remuneration package, opportunities for professional and technical advancement as well as a very dynamic, equal-opportunity working environment.  Please reply with resume, recent photo to receive more details on the company and position.
3550:2-4-years-experience-needed salary supervising-job	PRIMARY FUNCTION:    The primary function of this position is to assist the Credit Union in living out our Core Purpose of “improving each member’s financial life.” One of the means to achieve this is to develop a highly effective team and develop each team member to their highest potential through coaching and leadership. This position is responsible for providing training and coaching to team members to ensure a high quality of member service and assisting in the hiring of necessary personnel for the branch. Ensuring outstanding service is delivered to both internal and external members, supervising member interactions and transactions conducted in person, by telephone, mail, and email by team members, and coordinating the daily workflow of the branch by scheduling employees and assigning job duties are essential requirements of this position. Other duties involve performing tasks requiring more knowledge and expertise, handling difficult situations exceeding the scope of service center personnel, processing of teller transactions, monitoring and maintaining branch cash management, processing of new memberships and accounts, originating and closing loans, and other various transactions that require a thorough knowledge of Arkansas Federal Credit Union policies and procedures.    EMPLOYMENT STANDARDS:    1. High School diploma or equivalent required; Associates Degree preferred.    2. Minimum of three years’ experience in the retail or service industry, a credit union, bank, or similar financial institution, with teller, new accounts, and loan underwriting experience preferred.    3. Ability to work with minimal supervision.    4. Demonstrated supervisory ability.    SALARY:  $40,389.00/per year (minimum)
3574:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed salary	$135K - $165K + bonus   Must Have: CPA, GOOD TECH SKILLS, STRONG EXCEL, WORK With MARGINAL SYSTEMS  Position Summary: This position reports directly to the Vice President of Finance and will be responsible for managing and overseeing all facets of our accounting operations, including establishing financial policies, procedures, controls, and reporting systems. Position Responsibilities: • Manage a team of 20+ accounting professionals with two direct reports, Assistant Controller and Credit & Collections Manager. • Analyze monthly, quarterly and annual financial reporting. o Review changes in monthly balances and report on variance analysis. o Analyze monthly projections. o Prepare and analyze key performance indicators and Executive Team dashboard reporting. o Analyze monthly departmental financial statements and address inquiries made by department heads. o Manage the annual budget process. • Work with Assistant Controller to manage the month end close and ensure that all monthly, quarterly and annual deadlines are met. • Identify process issues that lead to improper transactions in the general ledger.  Work with department heads as necessary to improve key internal controls and ensure that we are following best practices. • Provide GAAP guidance to accounting staff and department heads as necessary. • Review and analyze general ledger account reconciliations. • Utilize BI Tool to streamline financial reporting and build new financial reporting (i.e. cashflow forecast, cashflow statement, summary of major expenses, etc.) • Provide support to both AR and AP departments as needed and ensure that staff are at operational efficiency. • Liaise with the bank and CPA firm on all major bank and accounting issues. • Work with IT department to automate various manual processes required as a result of current ERP system. • Manage the cash flows of the operations. • Assist in the year end Review and prepare supporting schedules as needed. • Ensure that all government and tax compliance are met.  • Assist VP of Finance with various special accounting projects as needed.  Position Requirements: • Bachelor's degree from a four-year accredited college or university in a major related to accounting. • At least 7 years work experience as a Controller at a company with minimum revenues of $200M.   • Experience in manufacturing and/or distribution industries preferred.  • At least 3 years work experience in public accounting at a national firm. • Experience in manufacturing and/or distribution industries preferred.  • Excellent GAAP knowledge and ability to teach accounting concepts to non-accountants. • CPA license.  If inactive, must convert to active within 2 years of employment. • Excellent GAAP knowledge. • Able to teach accounting concepts to non-accountants.
3576:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	Earth Waste & Metal has an immediate job opening for a Transfer Station Foreman.   Job Summary The Transfer Station Foreman is responsible for overseeing all aspects of the transfer station under their supervision and for ensuring the successful operation of that facility; while also working hand-in-hand with front-line workers.  Areas of Responsibility Ensures that the operations are run in accordance with EW&M’s policies and procedures; Ensures that the operations are in compliance with all federal, state, and municipal rules and regulations;  Assist Customers to identify and provide direction to recycle disposal materials; Must be able to deal effectively with employees and the public; Maintain a neat and orderly work environment, including the proper maintenance of buildings and grounds;  Ensures that all company assets under his / her watch are in good operating order, well maintained, and operate safely; Reports an inefficiencies, operational problems, or staffing issues directly to our Earth Waste & Metal Transfer Station Manager.  Knowledge/Skills Thorough knowledge of laws affecting safety (OSHA, Work-Safe); Knowledge of company guidelines and procedures; Knowledge of business and administrative practices; Has the ability to self-market or use other company personnel to generate revenue; Computer Skills - (spreadsheet and word processing); Good organizational skills; Good verbal and written communications skills; Maintains accurate and complete records; Can manage a wide variety of skilled / unskilled laborers; Education and or Experience BS in an Environmental or Applied Sciences, business, or administration; and 4 years operations environment OR 8-10 years of related industry and operating experience.
3585:supervising-job	General Purpose:   The Front Office Supervisor is primarily responsible for ensuring that all guest interactions by Front Desk, PBX and Service Express staffs are carried out in a professional, courteous, and accurate manner.  The candidate will be responsible for the efficient and effective communication of essential information to Front Desk, Valet/Transportation, Concierge and Service Express staff, as well as other duties as assigned by Front Office Manager and/or General Manager. Candidate must be able to perform all duties of guest service agent, PBX, and service express to brand standards and beyond.  Essential Duties/Responsibilities • Effectively supervise all Front Office personnel in a professional manner. • Resolve customer complaints, lead recovery of guest service shortfalls, and take any steps necessary to ensure guest satisfaction  • Be a positive role model and Westin Brand Champion for Front Office staff. • Effectively communicate essential Front Office information to Front Office Staff, Front Office Manager, General Manager and other departments as necessary. • Train, and re-train as necessary, members of the Front Office staff to consistently perform to both property and brand standards • Perform duties of Front Desk Agent to standard, including: o Efficient and friendly check in and out of guests of the Westin Poinsett while maintaining AAA Four-Diamond and Starwood brand standards  o Act as the hotel’s central source of information, providing it to inquiring guests.  This knowledge must extend from hotel statistics to local attractions and directions.  One must have a general knowledge of the City of Greenville and surrounding areas. o Perform duties in accordance with hotel credit and cash handling procedures  Other Duties/Responsibilities • Supporting all of the guest services team, and maintaining a working relationship with all departments on the hotel. • Report all safety hazards and suspicious person or activities to Engineering/Security • Know all safety and emergency procedures and your role in assisting during these times • Adhere to strict department and hotel attendance policies  Job Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.  The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  Knowledge/Experience: • Supervisory experience at a full-service hotel property is preferred.   • Experience at Starwood property, and knowledge of GEI, LRA, SPG Benefits preferred. • Knowledge of Galaxy and Lightspeed property management systems is preferred, and technical proficiency in Microsoft applications is required.   • Previous customer service experience in a high volume setting is also preferred, with the ability to problem solve, and provide exceptional service. • Knowledge of hotel front office accounting procedures required. Night Audit experience preferred.  Skills: • Strong hospitality skills required; an ability to make a lasting, positive impact on guests. • Excellent Communication skills- both verbal and written required • Must possess courage and confidence to manage difficult situations effectively. • Excellent organization and time management skills • Advanced coaching and mentoring skills required • Basic mathematical skills required • Must have a perceptive attention to detail  Abilities: • Ability to provide a well-groomed, well-dressed presentation required. • Ability to perform duties in an ethical, honest and trustworthy manner required. • The ability to work well as a team as well as individually at times • Ability to multi-task in a high-paced environment • Ability to read, speak, write, and understand English • Must be adaptable and flexible to change • Ability to work a flexible schedule and be able to work weekends and holidays • Ability o remain calm and professional at all times • Be able to make quick decisions and possess good judgment. • Ability to lift over 50 pounds. • Ability to stand for up to eight hours at a time required. • Must have valid driver’s license and good driving record.  Education or Formal Training: • High school diploma, GED, or the equivalent previous work experience required. College degree preferred.
3591:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	A midtown Manhattan based company providing security solutions to financial institutions, office buildings, and commercial, residential, and retail establishments, has an immediate opening for a talented and responsible experienced Project Engineer.    Candidate must have prior Building Engineer experience particularly with Local 94 Union Rules and Regulations.     Must have atleast 10 years prior project management experience.   Candidate must be flexible in working schedule.     Come join our Team! Apply Now!
3607:supervising-job	Travelex is the world leader in the foreign currency business, with more stores, more airport relationships, and more annual transactions than any competitor. Recently voted “Best Passenger Services” by major North American airports for the second year in a row, Travelex has more than 1000 retail stores across 35 countries at key airport, seaport, rail and tourist locations. Travelex is also one of the world's leading providers of outsourced travel money to banks, credit unions and travel agents.  We currently have an opportunity for a Team Manager for the Boston market to support the operations of Travelex Currency Services Inc.  The ideal candidate will live in Boston/ MA area with the ability to travel to local stores within the market daily.  Significant amount of daytime travel is required.  Role purpose  To drive and deliver high customer service levels using the conversation selling model measured by KPIs, mystery shop and daily coaching / observations ensuring that all operational, risk & compliance standards are also upheld. This role will typically cover up to 10 -15 Sales Consultants. The role is required to drive a Team to achieve sales, manage store targets/budgets, including all revenues from retail stores, partner & white label stores, ATMs and all controllable direct retail costs, direct support costs, and allocated shared costs. Where scale exists, the Team Manager may be focused on inventory management – buying, selling, recycling and moving cash into tills and ATMs.  Key accountabilities   • Customer service • Drive store targets & Team KPIs including ATMs • Adherence to Travelex branding and store guidelines • People management including coaching, rostering implementation (absence, annual leave management), retention, recruitment and performance management • Drive product launches and promotions/campaigns • Manage inventory – ordering, checking, recycling and moving cash into tills and ATMs. • Execute operations in line with standard operating procedures and coach staff on operating disciplines - adherence to Company and location policy and procedures, including ATMs, Audit, Risk, Health & Safety, Security and Retail requirements • KPI analysis, reporting and assist in business planning • Manage communication for all site staff and management, i.e. daily calls, team meetings • Undertake Company training within required timescales & of their Team • Capture and communicate local competitor insight  Key interfaces/ relationships  • External local stakeholders: customers, partners, 3rd parties (e.g. Airport Authorities/Landlords) • Finance: reports and reporting  • HR: recruitment, learning and development, performance mgmt • Marketing: in store POS, promotions / campaigns, customer collateral • CMS: stock management • Pricing: analysis of rates, margin reports, currency trends • Product & Marketing: competitor analysis, training • IT: support, hardware and software, rate board • Retail management: budgeting, strategy and planning • Online: order fulfilment • Compliance, Operations, Rigour Risk: ensure trading within policy & as per regulatory licence(s)   Role-specific experience and skills  • Customer centric  • Change management • Leadership of large teams  • A strong track record of delivery in the areas of key responsibility • Understanding of retail sales culture and ability to work closely with on-the-ground sales teams and support Teams/Departments  • Strong process and procedure capabilities • Strong understanding of risk in a retail and financial services environment General experience and personal qualities Leadership & management • Management of a team, where applicable, to maximise their potential and achieve results, including recruitment, coaching, retention and performance management • Self-aware, open-minded with a high degree of personal and professional integrity Commercial acumen • Strong commercial acumen and ability to apply solid commercial judgment in their area of expertise • Protect the business by ensuring compliance to procedures, managing risks and escalating where appropriate to protect the reputational integrity of Travelex Strong relationships • The ability to manage strong relationships, developing trust and credibility with customers, partners, peers, teams, internal and external stakeholders • Proactive sharing of best practice to peers and teams for continuous improvement of performance in their area of expertise Management of change • Experience of managing change  Performance and results focus • A strong record of performance delivery in their area of expertise, through increased sales and cost management  • The ability to analyse issues, develop solutions and influence key decisions, balancing risk with results • Drive customer focus in everything we do to gain and retain high quality customers for the long term success of Travelex  Travelex is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment.
3608:bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Travelex is the world leader in the foreign currency business, with more stores, more airport relationships, and more annual transactions than any competitor. Recently voted “Best Passenger Services\" by major North American airports for the second year in a row, Travelex has more than 1000 retail stores across 35 countries at key airport, seaport, rail and tourist locations. Travelex is also one of the world's leading providers of outsourced travel money to banks, credit unions and travel agents.  All employees must demonstrate a high quality of customer service while maintaining operational controls in accordance with all compliance regulations and company policies and procedures.   Responsibilities: • Assist Management team to ensure smooth daily store operations; fostering an environment primed for revenue growth • Manage various internal functions; including inventory management, ATM management, store paper work, daily mail, operational reporting, and management checklists • Coach and train all new hires and employees on operational procedures, new products, compliance, Value Packs, PV, etc.  • Perform administrative activities as assigned by Sales Manager and/ or General Manager • Process customer transactions and interact with customers as needed • Ensure all operational functions are completed accurately and all deadlines are met • Attend/participate in all monthly team meetings • Maintain security standards and pass all internal audits • Responsible for identifying the warning signs of questionable transactions and mitigating possible effects of these deals with Management  • Ensure that all compliance requirements and regulations are being adhered to daily • Responsible for managing risk and acting in accordance with guidelines set forth in the Core Risk Standards • Responsible for appropriate attire and overall professional attitude to customers and team  • Take on project work as assigned    Qualifications: • Previous retail, cash handling and/or banking experience an asset  • Prior sales/management experience   • Bachelor’s degree or equivalent business experience • Excellent organizational and time management skills required • Ability to work on a variety of projects at once and maintain a high level of performance in an extremely fast paced, deadline oriented environment • Proven success in balancing operational control with productivity and profitability • Excellent communication skills and effective listening skills • Ability to build and maintain supportive relationships with key business contacts • Ability to display initiative and delegate where necessary • Must have the ability to work independently as well as in a team environment • Ability to handle routine types of activities in a steady, deliberate manner with attention to accuracy and detail  • Flexibility to work varying shifts (evenings, weekends, etc) and different locations as required • Demonstrated ability working with computer systems including MS Word and Excel  • Ability to stand for long periods of time   Travelex is an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment
3611:supervising-job	At Zona Fresca, our Mission is to create a \"great place\" where people in our community can gather, enjoy a high quality meal and experience Mexican food that is fresh, light, and can be consumed every day.   We process a promote from within mentality. Come join our growth!  We are looking for an individual to work as a cashier/ shift supervisor. Ideal candidates will have great energy, enthusiasm, multitasking skills, and strong communication skills. Flexible schedules are available, ranging from morning and evening hours. Weekend hours are available too.   We have opportunities available for enthusiastic people with a passion for creating guest loyalty!   Preferably a minimum of 6 months of experience within the restaurant business with a managerial focus.   Future potential for Manager Positions will be available with the proper skill set and drive.   Must be able to communicate and listen attentively to supervisors and staff members.   Must be able to stand and exert fast-paced mobility for periods of up to 4 hours in length.    Must be guest sensitive and possess a sense of urgency to, “WOW”, every guest.    Must be able to multi-task and prioritize responsibilities.    Must be able to speak, read, write and understand English. Bi-lingual (Spanish) preferred.    Must be service and team oriented, having tremendous ability to work with others in a team environment.  **Coral Springs location only**  Please apply in person Monday – Thursday. Applicants shall apply between 2-4
3635:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	The Henry an American brasserie. The Greatest Neighborhood Restaurant.   FRC = The obvious choice.  We seek curious and excited Restaurant Managers who are willing to share their talent with us!   You’ve Got to Come With:    * At lease 2 years experience as a Restaurant Manager in a fast-casual or full –service environment  * The ability to make people smile while running a business     Just for you:   Medical, dental, vision, 5-day work week, paid time off, dining discounts, 401K and endless opportunities!    Are you feeling it? www.example.com  www.example.com  *Apply Now!*  Tell us what you’ve got.  We’re already excited about the possibility of meeting you!
3639:supervising-job bs-degree-needed salary 5-plus-years-experience-needed	*Position:* External Relations Officer, Mid-Atlantic *Title:* External Relations Officer *Department:* Development *Reports to:*   Vice President *Supervises:* N/A *Location:* Flexible within the Mid-Atlantic Area (New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Maryland, Washington DC and Delaware)  *Date Updated:* July 8, 2013 _____________________________________________________________________  *Overview:* The Land Trust Alliance is a national conservation organization whose mission is to save the places people love by strengthening land conservation across America. The Alliance works with Congress to pass tax incentives and funding that help landowners to choose conservation over development.  The Alliance serves as a university for land conservation that trains the people who do the work to conserve cherished farms, forests, parks and trails. It strengthens community based land trusts by providing workshops, online learning, research, standards, and accreditation services.   The Alliance’s conservation defense program helps land trusts ensure that conserved land stays protected forever. The Alliance works with the media to promote land conservation and engage more Americans in saving the lands that give meaning to our lives.  The Alliance is implementing a bold new fundraising vision to support its five-year strategic plan to increase the pace, quality and permanence of land conservation in America.  With dramatic early success, the Alliance now seeks to add two experienced, high impact professional major gift professionals to its team. This position is based on the West Coast and the other will be based in the Mid-Atlantic area. These two senior positions will join two other such officers already in place.  *Summary Description:*  The External Relations Officer reports directly to the Vice President with a dotted line reporting relationship with the Director of Individual Giving.  The Officer also works closely with other Alliance staff, especially colleagues in Development and the Field Staff in the Mid-Atlantic area (NY, PA, NJ, MD, DC and DE; the southern part of the Alliance’s Northeast Region).    The Officer is a key player in the organization’s strategic goal to increase the individual membership base of the Alliance and to complete the organization’s current major donor campaign, raising funds to support the wide array of services, tools, and trainings available to land trusts across the nation.  As such, the incumbent’s primary responsibility is to manage the relationships for a group (150+/-) of donors and prospective donors in the Mid-Atlantic area who contribute or have the potential to make major gifts to the Alliance.  Performance goals will include both acquisition of new donors as well as cultivation, solicitation, and stewardship of existing donors.  Specific annual metrics will focus on direct solicitation of gifts between $10,000 and $100,000 but also management of donor relationships with potential for gifts up to seven-figures.  The Alliance’s network of staff and volunteers in the Mid-Atlantic region will be partners with the Officer.  These individuals already have extensive networks of relationships within the land trust community and can provide history, background, and very importantly, stories of the Alliance’s programmatic impact which will help the Officer make the case to donors/prospects.  The Officer will be able to draw on support from the development team and regional staff to successfully plan and execute cultivation activities in the Mid-Atlantic for Alliance donors and prospective donors.The Alliance’s Together Campaign will provide structure for volunteer engagement and key donor outreach through December 2015.  The Officer will play a lead role with the campaign in coordination with the campaign’s volunteer and staff leadership.  Like all Alliance staff, the Officer will be respectful of the relationship between the Alliance and its members.  Most donors to the Alliance also have affiliations with and provide support to their local land trust(s).  The Alliance encourages this support and celebrates the fundraising successes of its member organizations.  Alliance staff are sensitive to this dynamic even as they work to secure the organization’s own funding.  *Responsibilities:* • Proactively cultivate, solicit, and upgrade donors and prospects into the Guardians of the Land Society ($1,000+) and manage (cultivate, solicit, steward) a portfolio of 150 donors with $10,000 plus capacity to meet annual fundraising goals. • Manage Alliance volunteers including Board members, members of the National Council and others to advance the Alliance’s fundraising goals. • Serve in a lead role with the Alliance’s Together campaign in the Mid-Atlantic region including staff support for the regional volunteer committee and other lead donor activity in the geographic area. • Assist in research and preparation of donor and prospect briefings for senior volunteers and staff solicitors working with donors and prospects in the Mid-Atlantic. • Work with volunteers, Development, Northeast Regional, and other Alliance staff to coordinate events and other cultivation activities for donors/prospective donors.  • Work with the Northeast Regional staff to help them achieve their individual fundraising goals, including strategy development and major gifts coaching/training as needed.  • Meet regularly with staff and Board members of land trusts within the Mid-Atlantic to build collaborative, mutually supportive relationships.  Coordinating with field staff, serve as an ambassador for the Alliance with its member organizations. • Participate in all Alliance, general development, individual giving, and Northeast Regional meetings as assigned. • Input into iMIS database all relevant information related to individual portfolio.  *Key Metrics:* • Donor engagement: number of personal meetings with prospects and volunteers; number of individuals engaged through events and activities; and portfolio development. • Revenue: Value of unrestricted, restricted and campaign gifts; number of solicitations; and success rate of solicitations.  *Qualifications:* • Bachelor’s Degree and a minimum of six years development experience in individual major gifts fundraising, including significant experience with face-to-face solicitations and demonstrated success in securing five- and six-figure gifts from individuals.  Experience with seven-figure gifts a plus. • Significant experience working with boards and/or other leadership groups. • Superb verbal and written communication skills. • Ability to work effectively without daily supervision and as part of a team. • Ability to work quickly, meet deadlines and multi-task. • Organized and attentive to details. • Willingness to travel extensively. • Willingness to work a flexible schedule including occasional weekends. • Experienced with prospect research.  • Computer proficiency, especially with Microsoft Office and database programs. • Passion for saving land a must.  Knowledge of private land conservation techniques and/or land trusts highly desirable. • An understanding of the landscape and culture of the Mid-Atlantic is strongly preferred.  *Compensation:* Competitive salary and benefits provided commensurate with experience.  *Contact:* Send resume and cover letter via Apply link below. If email is not an option, applications will be accepted by mail to Human Resources Manager, Land Trust Alliance, 1660 L Street NW, Suite 1100, Washington, DC 20036.  The Land Trust Alliance’s mission is to save the places people love by strengthening land conservation across America.  The Land Trust Alliance is an equal opportunity employer and will not discriminate because of race, creed, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, age, disability, or marital status.
3647:supervising-job hourly-wage full-time-job	Looking for a GREAT place to work? Do you want to enjoy your job everyday? Do you want to work for a GREAT company? If so, then this is the place for you!  Our company was built from the ground up, from the owner's kitchen table to worldwide sales as well as a nomination for Entrepreneur of the Year. This did not happen by accident. We have been successful by building an incredible team that any company would be envious to have! We only want people who play at the top of their game and want to be surrounded by excellence. Our brand is our reputation and we will except nothing less than the best. The best part of the job is the environment and the people with which you work!  If you're ambitious, enthusiastic, motivated, have a passion for excellent customer service, thrive in a team environment, want to have fun at work, love sales and have a track record of results and success, love working with people, then a position at Crazy Scrubs might be just what you are looking for.  FULL TIME STORE MANAGER:  As a store manager, you are the key part in the store's success. You MUST HAVE MANAGEMENT EXPERIENCE TO BE CONSIDERED. You must be excited about meeting your sales goals, building store traffic, converting visitors, interacting with the products, and promoting campaigns and contests. You must have proven leadership skills and have the ability to motivate and turn goals into reality. You must display \"grace under pressure\". Your duties will be sales, ordering, merchandising, training and building a team that will make you successful beyond words. Your motto must be having the willingness to go above and beyond.  Your role: - Act as an stellar representative for the company and the brands. - Produce sales results for the company. - Treat customers and co-workers with respect. - Train team on store visuals and displays. - Open availability and flexibility to work. - Thrive on building long-lasting customer relationships. - Coach team members on the ethics, philosophies and best practices of Crazy Scrubs. - Maintain and build contagious energy throughout your entire shift. - Build your team's confidence and work as a group on every shift. - Sales, sales and sales. - Treat customers like gold. - Upkeep the store's visuals and displays with pride. - Naturally approach customers and fluidly determining their needs.  If this describes you, we definitely want to meet you! Our company is the fastest growing health care apparel company in the Rocky Mountain Region. We have been in business for over 20 years.  We are extremely picky about whom we hire and we know the secret to building an incredible team.  We offer to you:  A very fun company environment Medical benefits No nights No holidays Competitive pay Clothing and shoes provided Monthly bonus Happy, positive work environment Monthly sales contests Employee discounts Paid vacation We are closed all major holidays  $20.00 hr plus monthly bonus Please submit a cover letter and a resume. If you are chosen, we will call you for a phone interview.
3648:hourly-wage supervising-job	Horn Stash Music Store and Fix This! Musical Instrument Repair in Palatine, IL is looking to fill a Full-time / Permanent position for a Retail Manager.  We are a rapidly growing business that offers new and used woodwind and brass instruments and accessories for sale, rentals, repairs, lessons, special events and much, much more!    The ideal candidate would be creative with high attention to detail, have a great sense of humor with the ability to multi-task, and enjoy working in a fast-paced environment with a high performance team that is passionate about music.  This position is full-time, with evening and Saturday hours.  The right person will experience a fun and engaging environment, long-term opportunities, and room for growth and advancement.  If you are the right person you MUST have… • Music familiarity and proficiency in a brass or woodwind instrument • Retail experience, including inventory management and tracking • Strong technology skills and be open to learning even more  Your contribution to the team will include: • Customer service, providing a flawless experience to our customers in sales and rentals, as well as, during in store special events • Merchandising, maintaining displays and merchandising our products both in store and online • Inventory management, ordering, receiving and product placement • Retail management and marketing, processing online sales, promoting events, products and repairs through our website and social media sites  Compensation for this position starts at $12-15/hour depending on experience and qualifications.    If you are interested and have the experience we are looking for, please email your resume and answers to the following 3 questions:  1. What makes you the right person for this position? 2. What are two things about you we need to know that aren't on your resume? 3. What is your favorite cartoon character and why?  Thank you for your interest, and have a terrific rest of the day!
3656:supervising-job salary	Come join our growing company and see what all the excitement is about!!   Comfort Systems USA (South Central) Inc. (CSUSASC) has several career opportunities for experienced commercial HVAC technicians in our Houston location.  Comfort Systems has positioned itself as a leading provider of HVAC, Plumbing and Controls construction solutions and building services in the South Central United States. Our solid reputation for quality workmanship is attributed to our highly qualified and experienced team, whose dedication to our clients and commitment to project success is unparalleled in the industry.  At Comfort Systems, we will do what we say we will do.  If you are looking for an opportunity to join a growing company and meet our qualifications, we want to talk to you!   Comfort Systems USA (South Central) is a great place to work.  SUMMARY   This position is responsible for managing the service technicians workflow while ensuring customers satisfaction.  Working in a fast passed environment you will assemble and dispatch service repair orders and PM Contracts.      QUALIFICATIONS  To succeed in this role, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. This person should be a team player who works and communicates well with people at all levels while maintaining full ownership of assigned responsibilities. Must be able to multi task in a fast paced environment.   We offer a competitive salary, health and welfare benefits, 401 k plan, paid time off.
3658:part-time-job hourly-wage supervising-job	$15/hour   Part-time  Weekends (mostly Saturdays) and some weeknights (late afternoon, early evenings).  Open and close as needed; schedule and supervise workers; prep and cleanup; wait on customers; handle cash.  No particular skills or experience required, except basic housekeeping/kitchen skills.  Must be able to be on one's feet for several hours and move light-to-medium boxes around, and must be able to do simple mental arithmetic quickly (adding prices and making change).
3660:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Seeking professional and qualified personnel with wireless construction backgrounds in telecom that have climbed cell towers and led crews. Wireless telecommunications experience required. Candidates must have installation experience with all types of lines, antennas, and corresponding RF components. Proof of certifications for any listed is required. Current work is in various markets- we will look at candidates from any market, we fly you in.  Tower crews also needed at various levels, but a minimum of 6 mo current telecom experience climbing needed. Must be willing and able to climb every day and be comfortable at heights.   Overland Contracting Inc. offers the stability and benefits of a career, and not just another job. We are hiring colleagues with a 'can-do' mindset. If you thrive in a high energy environment and on professional challenges, let's get you started on the path to a better and brighter future. We offer some of the best benefits in the industry from day 1 of employment- no more waiting 90 days. We welcome anyone who is willing to work hard and interested in career growth to call OCI home.   The Tower Crews will perform installation, inspection and maintenance services for wireless radio and antenna systems on towers, rooftops and other elevated structures. Current projects are for AT&T LTE work. LTE knowledge will be tested. May perform light civil scopes in support of radio systems cabling & grounding, interconnects or DC power distribution or other civil labor as needed. Required on site daily at construction site(s).  *Primary purpose:*  Ensure strict adherence to Safety, Quality, and schedule;  Provides constant direction & supervision to crew members on tower top.  *Responsibilities:* _Crew Safety_ • Works with Foreman to ensure daily STA is completed and reviewed in detail by all crew members. • Ensures all crew members have and using the proper PPE for the assigned task. • Assists site foreman in conducting & reviewing all safety / PPE inspections. • Assist foreman with ordering replacement equipment when needed. • Removes all out of service PPE from job site _Daily reporting_  • Assist foreman in compiling a detailed report of the day’s activities and forecast the work to be completed the next work day. • Report any out of scope work or activities that occur to the Foreman immediately upon identification.  _Quality_ • Inspects all completed tower top work prior to leaving site. • Reviews deficiencies found with the crew to show what needs corrected and ensures corrections are made prior to demobilizing from the site. _Performance_ • Ability to perform all tower top related activities, provide constant direction to other crew members to achieve maximum efficiency.  • Ensure each crew member has adequate supplies & direction to complete all assigned task. _Training_ • Provides continued training and assist with the continued development of the crew members assigned.   *Requirements:* • 3 years minimum experience as a climber & Installer.  • Proficient at Rigging & Hoisting, Antennas, Coax, Fiber & DC cables, Jumpers & RF Components.  • Intermediate understanding & ability to read and understand CD’s, structural analysis and RF Data Sheets. Perform Sweep, PIM & Fiber Testing.  • Ability to climb and inspect work.  *WORKING CONDITIONS AND PHYSICAL DEMANDS:*  • Must be willing to travel as needed and come prepared to work. (Dressed appropriately) • Must be willing to work nights and weekends when required.  • Must be in good physical condition with the ability to bend, twist, squat and lift 50 lbs. and pull his/her own body weight plus equipment weight up a vertical tower repeatedly for long periods of time. (A fit for duty test may be applied)  • Must be comfortable climbing & working at heights on towers, rooftops, water towers and other elevated structures.   OCI offers an ethical, challenging, diverse, rewarding and fun work experience where enthusiastic, responsible people use their energy, talent and dedication to make a difference in the world. OCI is an equal opportunity, drug-free employer committed to diversity in the workplace. Overland Contracting Inc. (OCI) offers: Competitive Salary Package, Benefits, and 401K Plan. Alcohol/Drug-free workplace. Travel required
3662:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	PRIMARY FUNCTIONS:   Responsible for coordination of the client, SCC Soft Computer and third party staff in the implementation of specific SCC Soft Computer products within one or more functional areas.  The Project Manager will work directly with the Client Project Manager to manage the overall implementation efforts and ensure a predictable and profitable project delivery.   QUALIFICATIONS/REQUIREMENTS:  ACADEMIC:  Minimum BA/BS degree in related healthcare field, Information Technology or related field.  PMP eligible/certified is not required but is valued.  EXPERIENCE:  4+ years of implementing multi-solution Clinical Information Systems Installation/Migration projects, preferably SCC Soft Computer System. Clinical background preferred but not required.  PMP Certified is a plus.  PHYSICAL:  Must be able to perform all essential functions of the job, with reasonable accommodation if necessary. Travel required.   WORKING CONDITIONS:  Responsible for following a strict schedule and meeting established deadlines; subject to frequent time constraints; has high visibility with end users.  TRAVEL:  50% - 75% required.  Ability to travel outside the US if requested.   MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES: • Leads project implementation planning • Organizes the Project Team and helps establish decision-making bodies • Assist with defining project standards and metrics for measurement • Monitors and communicates overall project progress and milestones on a weekly basis • Responsible for documenting and reporting project progress and issues to Client Project Manager &/or executives • Monitors project budget from a cost and time perspective • Coordinates all project resources and resolves resource conflicts as necessary • Maintains S&P assigned project budget and timeliness of billing • Responsible for maintaining/monitoring S&P staff accountability • Facilitates S&P inter-team communications • Monitors and adjusts S&P staff workload and productivity on a weekly basis • Attends decision board meetings as necessary • Develops and maintains global work plan and schedules, developing or working with others to develop and monitor solution implementation work plans as appropriate – works with Client to insure that plans are synchronized on a regular basis as necessary • Support Client Project Manager in the identification and management of risk and quality assurance issues which arise during the project • Reports on and conducts reviews of the project progress with Client and SCC Soft Computer management • Assist with setting and managing both Client and SCC Soft Computer expectations regarding the project • Works directly with the Project Team Leads to coordinate day –to-day project activities • Maintain regular contact with Client Project Team through on-site visits, conference calls, email, fax and routine telephone calls. • Working closely with Project Team members to develop site-specific system testing and conversion plans; assisting central testing group/coordinator in developing integration test plans as needed.  SKILLS:  • Demonstrated ability to lead and managed a project team. • In-depth domain knowledge related to processes to be designed. • Ability to see system implications of functional/process requirements. • Demonstrated ability to follow-through on commitments and meet deadlines. • Self-motivated individual with an ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing.  • Good attention to detail.   • Has the ability to multitask.   • Has the ability to interact positively with a large variety of people/personalities   ABOUT US:  S&P is a leading independent provider of healthcare information technology consulting services. Our clinical and technical experienced team delivers a unique senior level perspective to contribute to the success of each project. With an emphasis on clinical systems we offer consulting services ranging from executive advisory to system implementation, optimization and support.    WHY JOIN S&P?  We are a small consulting company that prides ourselves in hiring only the most talented individuals.
3672:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Description  This role is supporting the new Digital Life Services organization. This group will be launching   AT&T's connected digital home services including Home Security, Home Monitoring, Home   Automation & Control, Home Healthcare, Personal Energy Management and other applications.  As Market Operations Manager, the incumbent will lead the field production efforts for the   organization within the assigned market/s. The Market Operations Manager is responsible for   leading the productivity efforts of field installation and repair services, while promoting the best   in class service to our customers and service partners. To effectively ensure a success in the role,   the incumbent must demonstrate technical leadership with the ability to monitor field operations   and financial objectives to drive organizational goal achievement.  Responsibilities:  • Manage Field Operations infrastructure implementation and performance for Carter   Brothers Digital Life Operations.   • Coordination of market launch plans with AT&T to meet volumes with proper headcount   support in order to meet schedules.   • Makes recommendations on staffing needs and participates in interview and selection   process.  • Input and control technician on-boarding and scheduling on the AT&T provided   scheduling system.   • Monitor technician productivity within the assigned market to ensure compliance with all   policies and procedures.  • Monitor customer satisfaction and experience, on-time percentage, deadlines, service   event duration by install type, completion rate, job load exceptions, and repeat services   calls, multiple rescheduled appointments, open service events, technician up-sell rate   and overall quality. Monitor daily technician productivity data and utilize to schedule   employees, and manage resources.  • Conduct Quality Audits with field technicians in order to maintain expected performance   and quality standards.  • Coach to address individual technician performance and process issues. Create   performance management and improvement plans to address performance shortfalls.   • Communicate daily or as assigned with senior management and AT&T to ensure proper   service event management.   • Communicate daily or as needed with field service technicians/installer to address any   service related issues.   • Monitor and provide reports to management regarding cost and expenses for field   operations including fuel consumption, overtime, cell phone, computer equipment and   IPad usage.   • Serve as the liaison to the vehicle fleet manager to ensure compliance with all vehicle   policies and procedures.   • Serve as the liaison to all sub-vendors to ensure compliance with all policies and   procedures.   • Monitors inventory adjustments performance by technician.  • Work with Training Coordinator to address and implement training for field technicians.   Ensures that all field personnel in assigned territory receive proper training on installation   policies and procedures.  • Verifies, approves and submits time sheets and PTO Requests for assigned territory in a   timely manner.  • Disseminates directives from Corporate to Field Personnel  • Provides input to annual performance evaluations for all direct reports.  • Miscellaneous projects and/or tasks as assigned.  Requirements:  • High school diploma or equivalent  • 3-5 years of experience local Field Operations management  • Experience in managing and/or supporting field operations teams   • Current valid driver license  • Must possess excellent customer service skills  • Must possess excellent time-management skills  • Must possess the ability to communicate effectively with customers, peers, and all levels   of management  • Must possess excellent critical and analytical thinking skills
3677:licence-needed supervising-job	Scarsella Bros., Inc. is a heavy civil construction company headquartered in Seattle, WA. Scarsella is looking for energetic, hard-working Superintendents in Montana, Alaska, and Washington. The Superintendent is responsible for field operations on the project(s) assigned in order to achieve timely and profitable completion of each project.  The Superintendent directly supervises field labor force, including laborers/craft workers.   This position must demonstrate strong leadership, organizational and time management skills, as well as have strong communication and client service skills.       Major Duties & Responsibilities  • Direct day-to-day on-site supervision of field labor force • Inspection of Contractor or (Sub)Contract operations to ensure compliance with Contract • Review and approve items with Project Manager • Maintain good relationships with internal and external clients • Develop and maintain site logistics plan, in coordination with Project Manager • Conduct quality inspections • Coordinate site testing and inspection efforts • Monitor costs, including labor time and material • Communicate and enforce Skanska Safety and Health Management Program         Demonstrate commitment to an Injury-Free Environment through own actions and  • mentoring others • Manage schedules, including preparation of detailed short-term schedules and ensuring all activities take place on or ahead of scheduled dates • Prepare and submit Superintendent’s Daily Reports • Attend and participate in project meetings, including subcontractor meetings   Job Skills & Abilities   • Computer knowledge and efficiency, including Microsoft Office products • Broad understanding of industry • Familiarity with requirements of drawings and specifications and with terms and conditions of Project Contracts, Subcontracts and Purchase Orders • Strong written and verbal communication skills • Good math/accounting skills • Strong management skills • Strong ability to read drawings and specifications • Functions effectively as part of a team • Exhibits strong leadership qualities • Ability to maintain discretion and confidentiality at all times • Delegates work appropriately • Strong decision making/problem solving skills • Excellent time management and organizational skills   Education and/or Experience   Heavy civil industry experience required OSHA certification required First Aid/CPR certification desired   Authority   The Superintendent derives his or her authority, and performs all duties with guidance, from Project Manager, and/or Company Owner.   The Superintendent is responsible for supervising, managing and coordinating the efforts of the field labor force on a day-to-day basis.     Work Environment/Job Conditions   This position requires frequent walking, standing, bending, and reaching.  He/she must be able to navigate the jobsite and must comply with all Company safety requirements in the office and on the jobsite.  Heavy equipment may be used and he/she needs to be able to lift weighty objects.   Please remit resumes through indeed.com; attention Recruiter.
3685:supervising-job	Integrated Life Choices supports people throughout every stage of life by providing exceptional service from a quality team.  *Core Values:* * Dedication: We are determined to provide the best person-centered supports to meet people's needs throughout their lives. * Innovation: We create unique supports to meet each person's needs. * Support: We encourage people to live a fulfilling life through independence and self-advocacy. * Integrity: We act ethically and honestly without compromising the truth. * Professionalism: We are a qualified team that is equipped to support people with respect and dignity.  *Full Time and Part Time positions available.*  Come be a part of a continuously growing company as a Direct Support Professional! If you want a rewarding career in human services, ILC is just the place for you! We are looking for dedicated people at the DSP position to provide day-to-day opportunities which support and guide individuals in achieving personal goals for maximum living. This can involve modeling productive behavior as well as teaching life improving concepts and day-to-day functional skills to individuals with developmental disabilities. Direct Support Professional position also involves introducing and supervising individual activities necessary for routine living, personal and home care/safety. As a member of a residential or vocational team, this person must work cooperatively with all team members within the work environment to ensure individuals receive the right support and protection.   *Opportunity to earn up to $1 raise after successfully completing your 6 month introductory period.*  *Requirements:* * Minimum of 19 years of age * High School diploma or GED required * Valid Driver's License and proof of continuous car insurance * Successfully complete and pass all checks including: DMV, and Nebraska Adult and Child Protective Services Central Registry.  We are determined to provide the best person-centered supports to meet people's needs throughout their lives.  To learn more about the Direct Support Professional position and apply, click \"Apply Now\".
3688:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Rocco's Uptown Pizza and Pasta is a popular Italian restaurant in the Uptown Dallas area.  It has a strong delivery business and a very strong late night business.  It's the go to place for pizza after the bars close in the Uptown area.  We are seeking managers/supervisors for the multiple shifts, including the late night shift (Thur, Fri, Sat), day shift and evening shift.     We are seeking management candidates with current relevant experience who possess the following:  -A “run it like you own it mentality”  -Passion for delivering fun, friendly, and professional service in a fast paced environment! 2+ years of recent Restaurant Manager experience in a full service concept. -Experience in both the front and back of the house is a must!  -Must possess STRONG LEADERSHIP skills, Excellent verbal and written communication skills -Strong P&L accountability  -Ability to manage all areas of restaurant(s) financial performance, products, and inventory, cash controls, human resource requirements, equipment, operations, local marketing and community relations programs  -Proven experience in hiring, training, developing and motivating restaurant team  -Solid Career Progression, No Job Hoppers,  -High volume delivery experience is a plus!
3690:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Seattle Infant Development Center (SIDC), a downtown Seattle daycare and preschool in existence since 1979, is seeking an Executive Director with a demonstrated commitment to early learning, child development, staff development and team building.  SIDC provides care and early education to children ages one month to five years and currently has approximately 60 children enrolled in five separate classrooms.  SIDC maintains low child to teacher ratios with 23 staff members.   The Executive Director (ED) is responsible for day to day operations, administration, and strategic leadership of the center.   The ED works with the Board of Directors to develop an annual budget for the center and to ensure that the center operates as a financially sound business with strong policies and procedures related to administration, finances, operations, technology, emergency preparedness, and regulatory compliance.  The ED maintains frequent communication with current and prospective families and manages enrollment and transitions to new classrooms.  The ED is also responsible for recruiting, hiring, supervising, and motivating SIDC’s culturally diverse, well-trained, and dedicated staff.  The ED also manages the ongoing accreditation and licensing process and ensures the center’s care and education standards meet or exceed all Department of Early Learning, NAEYC, and other state guidelines.  Ideal candidates will have:  • Five or more years of relevant leadership experience with a focus on early childhood/child development or education.  • Experience working with a medium or large child care center or early education organization.  Background working with state accreditation and licensing processes strongly preferred.  • Experience managing staff and ensuring the efficient operation of an organization within a set budget. • Bachelor’s degree in an applicable field, and preferably advanced education, training, or experience in the areas of education, ECE, or business administration. • Demonstrated ability to partner effectively with an independent board of directors.  Able to manage board relationships in a diplomatic and professional manner and ability to escalate high priority issues as needed. • Ability to relate to, support, and cooperate with childcare staff to ensure continued professional growth and competency. • Strong computer skills, including MS Office products. • Ability to effectively review, analyze and present business and financial information. • Ability to listen and communicate effectively with a variety of audiences - - parents, staff, board of directors, state licensing agencies, and community partners.  Ability to develop strong and trusted relationships with each of these audiences. • Strong aptitude for delegation and prioritization, with a clear understanding of risk and impact. • Genuine passion for and commitment to children and the value of early learning in child development.  SIDC is an equal opportunity employer and offers a competitive salary, excellent benefits, and a strong committed staff.  Interested candidates should send a resume and detailed cover letter describing their interest in this position to the address below.
3692:full-time-job supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Hand and Stone Massage and Facial Spa provides affordably priced, top quality therapeutic massage, facial and hair removal services at convenient hours 7 days a week. Our Porter Ranch location is recognized for its welcoming atmosphere, professionalism and top-notch therapists. We are bringing it to Thousand Oaks to our second location opening this spring!  We are currently seeking an experienced manager to oversee the day-to-day operations of our new Thousand Oaks spa. This individual will establish and drive programs to achieve high levels of service and customer experience. We are looking for a dynamic individual to motivate staff, train in our selling techniques and service protocols, optimize scheduling and provide hands-on leadership for our new location. He or she must understand the necessity of collaboration, value of the employee, understand our philosophy of honoring both employee and customer and guide the staff to operate with peak efficiency through coordination, communication, cooperation and respect.  Applicants must possess a minimum of 3 years management experience in the Spa/Salon industry or Retail/Fitness/Hospitality industry. Experience with a growth oriented membership-based business model is required. Must be able to train, manage and motivate a staff of at least 35, schedule efficiently, ensure company best practices are employed, help promote the business in the community and help the owner replicate the great company culture and their vision in this new location. Experience with Millennium software a plus. Those with less experience may be considered for sales associate or lead roles. Compensation is a base of $30-$35,000 plus achievable monthly performance bonuses of 50% of base.  We are an equal opportunity employer M/F/V/D. We appreciate your interest, however; only qualified candidates will be contacted.
3695:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job	Veranda is a retirement community that has an unrivaled dedication to providing excellent southern hospitality to our residents and the community.  We are in search of a candidate with a creative eye, exceptional time-management and outstanding communication skills.  The ideal applicant should have a positive demeanor and be an enthusiastic leader with a team-oriented attitude.   Join us and discover a rewarding career as we work to provide an impressive physical and social environment for our residents.  *This position works Thursday through Monday and is a full-time position.*  Responsibilities Include:   Weekend facility oversight Prompt response to resident requests Promotion of property’s services Maintaince of an attractive and functional facility  Requirements Bachelor’s Degree 5 years experience in the hospitality industry  Candidate must possess strong relationship building skills Excellent organizational skills
3696:supervising-job 1-year-experience-needed	Qualifications:  High School graduate or equivalent, 1-2 years related experience, skill in use of computer and related equipment and software. Must possess a valid Ohio Drivers License, must pass a criminal background check, and must pass a pre-employment drug test.  Position Summary:  The purpose of this classification is to direct staff and manage daily operations of agency's DD Supported Living residences, and ensure that contracted services are provided on a continuous basis. Individuals in this classification manage 1-2 sites, and up to six clients. Staffing levels of supervision range from 15-20 direct reports.   Application Deadline: Until filled  Apply to: Applications/Resumes may be submitted in person M-F, 9am-4pm, or by mail to: Alvis House, 2100 Stella Ct., Columbus, Ohio 43215 EOE
3709:supervising-job salary licence-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Passages Malibu, a drug and alcohol treatment center is seeking an experienced Controller.   You will be primarily responsible for financial reporting, budgeting, projection models, business plans, and managing a staff of 6.   The position requires a hands on approach with staff both in and out of your department. Leadership and the ability to problem solve is a must.   Minimum of 5 years Controller/Senior Accounting Executive experience is required. Active CPA required; MBA preferred. Healthcare experience is a plus, but not mandatory.   Ideally, you will have worked in a company that has over 100 employees and $50 mil in revenue.   This role offers a competitive base salary, health benefits, paid vacations and holidays.  The position provides an outstanding work environment in Malibu.  Salary up to $150k based on experience.   Qualified candidates are encouraged to respond to this job posting. Please enclose a current resume and cover letter detailing salary history.   All inquires are held in strict confidence.
3713:supervising-job ms-or-phd-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Activity Specialist – Martial Artists  Agency Mission:  NYJTL is a tennis-themed nonprofit organization offering comprehensive school- and community-based out-of-school time programs to youth 6-18 years of age throughout New York City. We are among 500 chapters of a national organization started by Arthur Ashe to give inner-city youth a chance to learn the game of tennis and provide them with experiences they normally would not get otherwise. NYJTL is the largest of the chapters, and we offer a safe and nurturing environment in a school setting where youth can participate in different sporting activities, especially tennis, and thrive in an academically supportive environment to help them reach their maximum potential. NYJTL operates its programs in elementary and middle-schools throughout New York City.  Position Summary:  We are seeking Activity Specialists for NYJTL’s out-of-school-time programs in Queens, Brooklyn and the Bronx. Activity Specialists must have a strong interest in working with youth and have expertise in one or more disciplines or content-specific program activities or subjects such as performance art, drama, art, or other activity or subject that enriches the experiences of children in the NYJTL program and helps them stay interested and do better in school. Activity Specialists must be able to develop lesson plans in their area(s) of expertise and reinforce learning with the aid of Group Leaders. They also must be skilled in engaging children so that no child is left behind.  Job Status: This is a part-time position  Qualities/Qualification Requirements: • Must have Bachelors or Associate Degree or attending college with appropriate training or certification in their area of specialty • Minimum of two years’ experience working with elementary or middle school-aged children • Exceptional group management, problem-solving and conflict resolution skills • Strong verbal and written communication skills • Competency in youth development and child care • Ability to create interactive academic and/or enrichment activities that are age-appropriate • Genuine enthusiasm for developing professional skills through training opportunities and field practice • Ability to work as part of a team within a school community • Ability to communicate and work effectively and respectfully with a broad range of diverse constituents • Knowledge of DYCD and DOH mandates  Duties and Responsibilities:  • Ensure the safety and engagement of children in assigned activities  • Develop weekly activity lesson plans in area(s) of specialty • Facilitate purposeful activities that foster the development of new skills in children, while reinforcing skills/information previously taught • Work with Group Leaders, engaging them in the lesson plan development process and modeling activity facilitation • Provide strong classroom and behavioral management skills, ensuring that all participants follow agency and program rules • Assist in all activities to ensure the orderly operation of the program, inclusive of: supervising children during snack/supper, facilitating dismissal and completing daily administrative paperwork (e.g. keeping attendance, time sheets, etc.) • Attend and supervise children during special projects and field trips, including those which occur outside of regular program hours • Complete 15 hours of professional development each calendar year • Demonstrate key competencies including: initiative, teamwork, cooperation, preparedness, professionalism, reliability and a willingness to continuously improve • Attend all meetings, training workshops and special events, as required, inclusive of those outside of program hours • Available during after-school hours, generally 2:30 p.m. through 5:30 p.m. or 3:00 p.m. through 6:00 p.m.; 15 hours per week (not inclusive of meetings); Monday-Friday during the school year  Salary - $20 per hour  How to Apply: Please send your resume, along with a cover letter with an explanation as to why you should be considered for the position. No telephone inquiries. All applications must be submitted via email. submitted via email.
3715:2-4-years-experience-needed licence-needed supervising-job	Job Summary: This is an exciting opportunity for a proven leader in the Fort Worth community. West Side Campus of Care is a well-established center with a solid reputation in the community.  The purpose of the Licensed Administrator (Executive Director) position is to effectively oversee and lead the overall operation of the facility in accordance with applicable local, state, and federal regulations.  Essential Functions: - Effectively function as the Team Leader. - Active involvement in the community relations program to serve the best interests of the resident population. - Drive facility compliance with applicable federal, state and local regulations. - Direct and ensure the implementation of written policies and procedures that reflect the goals and objectives of the facility and administrative team.  - Oversee the recruitment, selection, and training of competent department supervisors and other ancillary staff. - Lead  daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly interdisciplinary meetings as deemed appropriate. - Oversee that physical assets of the facility are maintained in good condition and that material and supply inventories are maintained at appropriate levels. - Actively promote the implementation of therapeutic, recreational and rehabilitative programs to meet social and activity needs of patients. - Actively promote that nutritional needs of patients are met and drive a high level of food satisfaction. - Oversee that all ancillary services are either offered or provided to patients. -  Actively promote a working environment that promotes respect and dignity amongst staff and patient population. - Serve as Abuse Prevention Coordinator. - Any and all other activities/actions that promote a safe, quality, and meaningful lifestyle for the resident population, as approved by the board of directors.   Qualifications: *Licensed Administrator in the state of Texas (active license required) *Prefer at least 3 years experience in LTC. *Strong leadership & team building skills. *Strong communication & conflict resolution skills. *Proficient in the use of personal computer. *Thorough knowledge of regulatory compliance.
3723:supervising-job full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	*Job Overview*  Our Assistant Operations Manager will assist with all facets of our distribution operation, including personnel management, warehousing, delivery, safety and administration. Position may require the individual to periodically perform some of the daily warehouse or delivery functions.  *Job Responsibilities for the Assistant Operations Manager* * Plan, coordinate and monitor all warehouse activities, including receiving, inventory control, returns, replenishment, order selection and loading to ensure products are received and shipped in a timely, accurate, damage free and safe manner. * Assist with training, scheduling, directing, development and evaluation of administrative, warehouse and delivery personnel.  Includes maintaining personnel and DOT files.  * Perform inventory functions  * Process paperwork for inbound shipments and enter receipts into the computer system. Enter inventory adjustments for scrapped products and products returned to stock. * Serve as acting operations manager during their absence. * Monitor Picking Queue and assign orders to Warehouse Associates to ensure orders are picked and shipped in a timely manner. * Communicate on a daily basis with the Operations Manager and/or Corporate  * Will be a member of the Warehouse and Delivery Safety Committees and will assist with the development, implementation and enforcement of safety policies and procedures. * Train warehouse associates to use material handling equipment including pallet jacks, walk-riders, forklifts, reach trucks, and stretch-wrappers.  *Job Qualifications* * High School diploma  * 3-5 years of management/supervisory experience in a distribution or logistics environment, including hiring, training, development, discipline and evaluation of employees. * Must possess strong oral and written communication skills. Able to read, write and speak English. * Excellent interpersonal skills and be understanding of people and their problems.   Able to handle all employee issues in a professional and confidential manner. * Able to use and operate all warehouse and office equipment including forklifts, stand-up reach trucks, walk-riders, wrapping machine, pallet jacks, 10-key calculator, copy machine, fax machine, printer and phone.  * Working knowledge and comfortable operating computers, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint and UPS. * Knowledge of federal, state and local laws and regulations, including Department of Transportation regulations.  * Must be flexible, able to adapt to a changing work environment and able to work overtime as needed.  * Must be an excellent problem-solver, have strong attention to detail and organized. * Able to handle and resolve problems or employee questions after business hours.  * Able to travel overnight when business necessitates.  * Able to perform the physical requirements of the warehouse and delivery positions.   *Benefits Offered* We offer the following benefits to our Assistant Operations Manager:  insurance (medical, dental, vision and life for employee, spouse and children), flexible spending plan, short term disability, long term disability, 401K with company match, paid time off starting at 3 months of employment, paid holidays, casual dress environment and product discounts.  EOE  *About Us* General Pet Supply is a pet food and pet supply distributor.  We are a family owned business, and have been committed to providing quality, service and value since 1959, as well as providing superior customer service to our customers.     Our Dayton, OH operation is seeking a daytime Assistant Operations Manager to assist with daily warehouse and delivery operations.  Work hours will be Monday – Friday from 10:00am – 7:00pm with overtime as needed.       *If you are looking for a stable company to work for and have the qualifications we are looking for please apply for this Assistant Operations Manager position.*
3727:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	* Responsible for:* * Training new employees and monitoring activities within the Production department * Responsible to ensure that all lines are set up in accordance with the proper set up sheet, ensure that all product is run with proper materials and that all product performs within the specified parameters * Organizing the daily activities of his/her team, for the coordination, safe and efficient operation of all production equipment.  If there is not a Team Coordinator/Manager on duty, the Senior Operator will be in charge.  *Requirements*  * High School diploma or equivalent, preferred * Specialized training and/or experience as related to plastics and/or manufacturing in areas of Essential Function, preferred * Basic understanding and usage of the English language both written and spoken or willingness to attend ESL courses * Basic skills in mathematics * Must be able to lift a minimum of 65 lbs * Must be able to get up and down off of a forklift * Must be able to climb railcars, silos and stairs to mezzanine and silo platform * Three to five years of extrusion knowledge, preferred *  Be fully trained on all assigned lines
3738:supervising-job	LIVE MAS WITH A CAREER AT TACO BELL!!  Do YOU have leadership experience and the desire to succeed? Don't Wait! Come work for a GROWING company! LIVE MAS with a career at Taco Bell because this is a place where great people are in great company! We have fun and we offer personal challenges and growth!   HAVE WE GOT A PACKAGE FOR YOU! •Training  •Great Pay  •Career Development  •People First company culture   The responsibilities of the Shift Manager will include: •Interaction with customers: receiving orders, processing sales and monies, and managing customer issues. •Training and motivating team members. •Preparation of product. •Maintaining quality of product. •Monitoring all service equipment. •Uncompromising standards in maintaining a clean and safe work environment (per Labor Board and OSHA regulations and Company standards), maintain a clean parking lot, building exterior, dumpster, including removal of trash within containers to proper dumpster site(s). •Unloading, stocking and maintaining required inventory level. •Preparing/making/transporting deposits, preparing proposed labor schedules, product projections, financials for store manager's review/approval.   Requirements: •The ideal candidates must want to have fun serving great food to our customers! •High School Diploma or GED preferred •Accessibility to dependable and reliable transportation (Accessibility to a personal vehicle preferred). •Excellent communication skills, management/leadership and organizational skills. •Physical dexterity required (the ability to move up to 45 lbs. from one area to another). •Attendance and Punctuality a must. •Operating of cash register as needed and making change for other cashiers. •Basic Math skills. •Complete training certification. •Enthusiasm and willing to learn. •Team player. •Commitment to customer satisfaction. •Have a strong work ethic.
3739:supervising-job salary	RESTAURANT MANAGEMENT OPPORTUNITIES!   LIVE MAS WITH A CAREER AT TACO BELL!!   Taco Bell is a company committed to the communities in which their customers live and their employees work. LIVE MAS with a career at Taco Bell because this is a place where great people are in great company! We have fun and we offer personal challenges and growth!   We offer the following: • COMPETITIVE SALARY $40,000-$60,000 A YEAR DEPENDING ON EXPERIENCE • HEALTH INSURANCE WHICH COMPANY CONTRIBUTES TOWARDS  • COMPANY PAID VACATION/PERSONAL TIME  • DENTAL VISION  • 401K PLAN  • QUARTERLY BONUS POTENTIAL • PEOPLE FIRST COMPANY • PROMOTE FROM WITHIN PHILOSOPHY  RESTAURANT GENERAL MANAGER POSITION: You are responsible for the operation of the entire restaurant and building a strong team that consistently provides customers great food and a friendly experience.  Key responsibilities include finding, hiring and developing Team Members and Shift Leads, conducting new hire orientation and developing the training plan for each new hire. You’re also responsible for scheduling and deploying the Team correctly, addressing performance issues and managing the restaurant budget and financial plans.  Restaurant General Manager behaviors include: • Ensuring the entire restaurant team is properly trained and developed. • Interacting well with customers, Taco Bell management and the restaurant team. • Resolving conflicts in a timely and effective manner. • Making sure your team understands and acts on business priorities.
3746:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Supply Chain - Continuous Improvement Manager   Cott Beverages – Western Region - CA, WA, UT, TX and MO. Will be based out of CA, TX or MO.   Are you able to drive change within an organization? Do you want to OWN IT! Then we are LOOKING FOR YOU!   We are currently looking for a Continuous Improvement Manager to support our West Coast Facilities.   Lead Supply Chain process transformation and ongoing process improvement initiatives using Lean, Six Sigma, and Project Management subject matter expertise.   Specific: • Provide the knowledge, leadership and experience necessary to lead Supply Chain process improvement, waste elimination, and transformation.  • Assess Supply Chain activities and identify opportunities to make improvements. • Lead and drive business transformation initiatives, waste elimination initiatives, and ongoing process improvement in the Supply Chain processes. • Properly engage, collaborate and influence all functions in process transformation efforts to ensure the Supply Chain process improvement strategy is understood, and sufficiently supported by the appropriate stakeholders. • Work with local Supply Chain teams to develop their capability to sustain new and improved processes. • Drive standard processes and sharing where it makes sense for the business. • Work with Supply Chain Departments to develop, oversee and support the implementation of customer focused high impact cost saving initiatives.  • Train and share knowledge with Supply Chain teams to enable them to develop business transformation capabilities. • Co-own responsibility for improving business performance through the use of key business metrics. • Provide change management leadership to ensure we achieve and sustain our targeted performance levels. • Model, lead and coach people on the culture change necessary to support and sustain business process transformation.   Requirements:  • Previous experience in Beverage (Hot/Cold Filled) manufacturing environment. • Proven ability with success to be an outstanding coach and leader. • Six to eight (6-8) years of applied professional experience working in manufacturing, process engineering or technical project development. • Strong working knowledge in the various principles and practices of the SGC WCM program which include focused improvement, TPM (autonomous maintenance, professional maintenance and early equipment management), quality and process control including Statistical Process Control (SPC), 5S, standardized work and other WCM / Lean principles. • Proven success in managing significant changes. • Ability to provide leadership and innovation at all levels of the organization. • Change management and conflict management skills. • Strong influencer and communicator. • Results driven, flexible and open-minded with good written and oral communication.
3752:bs-degree-needed supervising-job	The Workforce1 Career Center (WF1CC) system operates in coordination with the NYC Department of Small Business Services (SBS) and the New York State Department of Labor (DOL) to attracts, prepares, and connects qualified candidates to job opportunities in New York City. By using a combination of recruitment expertise, industry knowledge, and skill-building services that strengthen candidates’ employment prospects, Workforce1 makes strong matches for job candidates and businesses alike. WF1CCs require the attention of professionals who are able to support major change initiatives, as well as ensure the success of a demand-driven system.  The Expansion Center Account Manager serves as the point person for jobseeker recruitment and placement.  He or she is responsible for sourcing, screening, and matching jobseekers with open job orders in the most efficient manner possible.  As a member of the Expansion Center Staff, the Account Manager works closely with the Expansion Center team in order to promote a business-driven model for job placement.  He or she also works with SBS staff and other stakeholders to ensure effective implementation of programs and policies that directly impact fulfillment team work and/or general center operations.  This position reports to the Senior Account Manager.   RESPONSIBILITIES:  1. Implement recruitment strategy and execute it in collaboration with the rest of the Expansion Center (and vendor leadership) team • Discuss open job orders with all staff on a daily basis • Work with the Senior Account Manager and the vendor leadership to identify operational challenges and implement process improvements  2. Evaluates applicants by discussing job requirements and applicant qualifications with managers; interviewing applicants on consistent set of qualifications. 3. Lead the creation of a recruiting and interviewing plan for each open position. 4. Efficiently and effectively fill open positions within specified timeframes. 5. Develop a pool of qualified candidates in advance of hiring need. 6. Research and recommend new sources for active and passive candidate recruiting. 7. Build networks to find qualified passive candidates  8. Ensure fulfillment account management services operate smoothly and in accordance with meeting business hiring needs • Collaborate with other centers in developing strategies to fulfill open job orders across the WF1CC system. • Conduct labor market research and follow industry trends in order to develop expertise in certain sectors • Participate in activities coordinated by SBS including training, capacity building, and professional development • Monitor the recording of service delivery related to placement and analyze Worksource1 data (with the assistance of Lead Account Manager) in order to ensure that the Express Center is on track to meet goals   9. Deliver jobseeker focused trainings and presentations in a clear, effective, and customer friendly manner • Develop occupational expertise in key occupations in order to ensure the knowledgeable delivery of occupation specific trainings • Facilitate workshops that include, but are not limited to, resume development, interview preparation, and email basics  • Facilate Introduction to Services presentation as necesassary    10. Additional duties as necessary to support the successful rollout of the Workforce1 Expansion Initiative • The Account Manager may be asked to support Office Managers and the greater Expansion Center team by performing certain administrative duties when necessary  RECOMMENDED QUALIFICATIONS:  • A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college in business or a related field is required; a Masters degree or requisite experience is preferred • A demonstrated ability to thrive in environments with multiple stakeholders, frequent change, and diverse objectives • Excellent presentation/public speaking skills • Excellent communication, analytical, and interpersonal skills • Proficiency in Microsoft Office  Email cover letter and resume. Resumes without a cover letter will not be considered.
3753:supervising-job part-time-job hourly-wage 5-plus-years-experience-needed	[Must have 7-12 years of work experience in HR or a related field] We are looking for seasoned & experienced individuals to assist part-time with screening interview candidates. Must have daytime availability. Must have excellent oral communication skills. Must have a high level of interpersonal skills to handle sensitive and confidential situations and documentation. Must have knowledge of office administration procedures. Maturity and wisdom is a plus. [$10/hr]  2HotRadio.com is an online radio station that primarily targets urban consumers from the ages of 14-30. Our mission is to create awareness in the urban community for global news and stories by utilizing a contemporary and trendy approach through hip-hop culture. 2HotRadio.com is edgy, hip, and cool, which makes the station a 'one-stop-shop' for music and news and keeps the listener informed. 2HotRadio.com is currently sponsoring the Stevie Wonder Tribute Concert, televised live October 2014 in Atlanta, GA; along with saxophonist Ryan Kilgore, & Traxx, original producer for the Pussycat Dolls BMI/Billboard award winning hit song \"Don't Cha.\"
3757:supervising-job licence-needed	Physicians Assistant or Nurse Practitioner needed to join small long term care practice. Candidate would be expected to work in two facilities in the area. Long term care experience is not required but an interest in this type of patient is. The patients would be a mix of post-acute and long-term care.
3760:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	This is a rare opportunity to join one of the most highly respected bridal shops in the country located in one of the most desirable places to live in the country.   Please do not respond if you do not have genuine passion and enthusiasm for the bridal industry, and 2-3 years successful retail bridal sales or retail bridal store management experience. Applications without a cover letter specific to this opportunity will not be considered.  We are searching for an experienced bridal/luxury store manager due to the exceptional growth our business has experienced in the last few years and where the business will be going in the next few years. We are looking for a driven manager to shape, improve, lead, manage and motivate a group of already exceptional professionals and take their performance to the next level. The ideal candidate compliments and supports our enthusiastic, supportive, educational, and positive environment and customer service based culture.    This position will be the right hand of the owner, and is expected to be groomed for long term management of the business.  The successful candidate will be an active participant in business decisions and in the Colorado bridal community, and will have the opportunity to travel to New York and elsewhere for bridal market to shape and cultivate the direction of the business.  If you have an outgoing and warm personality, have a strong work ethic, and want an incredible professional opportunity in a dynamic community where people dream of living, then Little White Dress in Denver could be the perfect opportunity for you.  EMPLOYEE BENEFITS: Exceptional performance based income potential Employer Supported Health insurance Paid vacation  401K retirement savings program Relocation support possible for the right candidate Extensive investment in employee training program and encouraged career building Supportive, enthusiastic, positive work environment Free underground parking garage Great location in popular central Denver, Highlands neighborhood Smoke free work environment  If you feel you are qualified please respond with an up to date resume and cover letter. The cover letter should specifically address and describe your relevant experiences and education that would contribute to your success in this position. Applications without a cover letter specific to this opportunity will not be considered.
3761:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed licence-needed	Description  As Clinical Supervisor of Home Care for a growing home care company, this position will be responsible for the planning, coordinating and delivery of quality skilled services. Responsible for the orientation and continuous supervision of direct care staff. Responsible for efficient and effective utilization management in accordance with client needs, physician orders and payor requirements. Assures current and accurate clinical records. Plans and assures adherence to budgetary guidelines.  Provides feedback to staff about their performance and monitors quality indicators. Supervises both the direct care providers and service for the team. Supports recruitment of clinical staff by interviewing candidates for clinical care positions including home health aides, nurses, and therapists. Recommend candidates to be selected for open positions.  Orients newly hired clinical staff; assists in training other content as required. Communicates agency policy and procedure to clinical staff. Communicates regarding case management with staff members, physicians and referral sources. Reviews documentation, OASIS and coding, performs and documents in-home supervisory visits. Monitors OBQI and OBQM indicators, coordinating communication of agency results to care giving staff. Maintains open lines of communication with all members of the healthcare team. Performs and documents intermittent skilled nursing visits as needed.  Performs and documents intermittent skilled nursing visits as needed. Supervises patient care schedules to ensure continuity and quality. Supervises employee schedules to ensure productivity and accuracy and authorizes payroll. Primarily works in an office environment with ability to work work in patient homes.  Requirements: Current unencumbered State professional nurse license Previous experience coducting OASIS review and audit of charts, coding exp preferred Three years current supervisory or leadership experience in a home care agency. Prior experience in a certified home care agency is required. Current drivers license with good driving history and proof of auto insurance. Competent clinical leadership skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Be able to read, write and comprehend English. Ability to assess patient needs and formulate individualized patient care plans to meet those needs. Proficient in personal computer use, including clinical, word processing, spreadsheet and presentation software.
3770:5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	RyanSharkey, LLP, one of the leading accounting and consulting firms in the Washington region, provides opportunities for our people and delivers the foremost accounting, audit, tax and consulting services for our clients. The firm’s professionals provide personalized insight and forward-thinking solutions that are strategically aligned with our clients’ specific goals.     •Plan, lead, and execute engagements for audits of financial statements and employee benefit plans.  •Lead financial advisory and consulting service engagements with a particular emphasis on matters related to financial reporting and financial operations.  •Work directly with the firm’s leadership to support the many operational elements of the firm’s growingassurance services, including thought leadership, quality control, training and development, camand experienced hire recruiting, and collaboration with others in the profession through the firm’s  alliance with BDO LLP.  •Ensure delivery of exceptional client service by delivering the highest quality results and deliverables, providing forwarding thinking advice and suggestions on relevant matters in a manner that is timely and straight-forward.    •Strengthen existing client relationships and develop new business opportunities by participating in strategic business development initiatives, providing thought leadership in our areas of expertise, building or strengthening relationships with key participants and organizations in the industries in which our clients and prospects operate.      Skills and Experience    •2 years experience as an Financial Reporting Consulting Manager.   •Minimum of 7 years experience working in external audit in public accounting or a combination of  corporate and public accounting experience.  •Excellent analytical abilities and expertise with generally accepted accounting principles.  •Ability and passion for developing the professional skills of our people.  •Ability to manage multiple engagements in a fast paced environment.  •Perform effectively in a team environment with all levels of client personnel supporting various industries.  •Bachelors degree in Accounting or related field.  CPA certification required.  •Excellent written and verbal communications as well as proficient collaboration skills.  •Proven leadership and business development skills.    RyanSharkey, LLP is an Affirmative Action / Equal Opportunity Employer
3803:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Core Molding Technologies, a leading producer and compression molder of Sheet Molding Compound (\"SMC\") for the manufacture of fiberglass reinforced parts for the heavy truck industry, is seeking an accomplished and results oriented Production Manager.  Our ideal candidate will have a progressive track record of leadership in contract manufacturing and be responsible for scheduling and production of a 250-employee three-shift operation.  Duties and Responsibilities: • Manage plant operations and processes with respect to cost, customer service, safety, first run yield, scrap, rework, and quality • Accountable for achievement of plant performance objectives to include delivery, productivity, and quality • Monitor operations expenditures and budget • Ensure compliance with business plan, specifically direct and indirect labor, inventory, capital spending, and employee development • Responsible for development of first line supervisors and production employees • Lead continuous improvement initiatives in the manufacturing area  Required Background: 1. Bachelors' degree, preferably in business, logistics or operations management  2. At least 7 years of progressive leadership experience in a manufacturing environment  Required Skills and Experience 1. Hands on approach to leadership, team building, and coaching 2. At least 5 years of supervisory experience, preferably in a union environment 3. Track record of success implementing and sustaining continuous quality improvement 4. Expertise with Lean Manufacturing,  Process Controls, and Quality Systems, specifically TS 16949 5. Outstanding problem solving and decision making ability 6. Priority development through the effective use of data 7. Disciplined approach to process and systems development 8. Excellent verbal and written communication skills 9. High energy level and strong work ethic 10. Proficiency with Microsoft Excel and ERP systems Desired traits: 1. Strong business acumen 2. Familiarity with SMC and compression molding 3. Demonstrated success turning around underperforming work units 4. Hands on approach to process improvement 5. Strong data analysis skills  Core Molding is proud to offer a highly competitive compensation and benefits package to include profit sharing and a funded 401k.
3810:supervising-job	Damon's Grill & Sports Bar in Steubenville, OH is currently accepting resumes for the position of Restaurant Supervisor at it's location inside the Best Western Plus hotel in Steubenville, OH.  This person will possess a strong aptitude for the food and beverage industry along with prior experience in a restaurant position.  You must have a positive attitude and a willingness to work side by side with your team members.  •Responsible for assisting restaurant management in administering, directing and controlling the operation of the restaurant and room service.  •Assisting with recruitment and selection of team members, staff training and development, scheduling, outlet image, operational procedures, food & beverage promotions and incentive programs, minimizing turnover rate and consistent enforcement of policies and procedures.  •Personalized service in this operation is a priority.  •Ideal candidate will have freestanding restaurant management experience.  •Must have knowledge of wines, spirits, and beers as well as some advertising and marketing.  •Awareness of laws and guidelines established by the health department and liquor control board.  •Must possess strong employee relation skills, oral and written communication, attention to detail planning and organizing as well as outstanding customer service skills.  Only experienced Front Of House restaurant personnel need apply  Hourly position based upon experience.
3822:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	*Purpose:*  The Store Manager provides leadership and assumes accountability for the people and performance of their assigned location.  Responsible for financial and operational results for all business functions of the store, adhering to company values and policies, and satisfaction of all stakeholders including employees and customers.  *Job Responsibilities (ranked in significance):*  * *Company Values:*  Ensures all company values are adhered to and promoted.  This would include leading by example and participation in employee recognition programs.  * *Financial Objectives:*  Achieves all functional financial objectives for location, including revenue, margin, expense, and operating profit.  Ensures each individual at the location has a financial goal, monitors results, and coaches the individuals as needed to reach these goals.  * *Operational Objectives:*  Achieves all objectives for the location, including W.G Sales, Parts and Service.  * *Individual Objectives:*  Achieves or exceeds personal functional goals at the location (Wholegoods, Parts, or Service), including both financial and operational targets (dependent on store size / plateau).  * *Employee Satisfaction:*  Ensures high level of employee satisfaction as measured by employee surveys, management location reviews and employee conversations.  Ensures adherence to company communication guidelines and responsiveness.  * *Customer Satisfaction:*  Ensures high level of customer satisfaction as measured by customer surveys, feedback from customer events and interactions, and random customer contact.  Take effective action to resolve any customer issues that occur.  * *Employee Recruitment, Performance and Development:*  Accountable for recruiting new personnel for the dealership; ensures all employees have an individual performance / developmental plan;  conduct professional formal annual evaluation each year for all employees;  take corrective action as needed in conjunction with HR.  *Functional Operations*  o   Wholegoods  * Achieves target inventory operational metrics (i.e. inventory turns or dollars, internet listings, inspection, market share, etc.).  * Assists salespeople in determining trade values; participates in new inventory and configuration recommendations.  * Ensure all salespeople adhere to defined sales processes, procedures and usage of tools.  * Ensure optimum merchandising of showroom, lot, literature, manuals, etc.  o   Parts & Accessories  * Achieves target inventory operational metrics (i.e. inventory turns / dollars, fill rate/lost sales).  * Drive business growth at local level through forward-thinking marketing and customer experience programs.  * Accountable for inventory accuracy and supports the processes to support shrinkage and obsolescence.  * Accountable for ordering execution that ensures balance of minimal inventory and maximum customer satisfaction.  o   Service  * Achieves target operational metrics (i.e. collectable efficiency, work order aging, training objectives, etc.).  * Adhere to all internal and manufacturer requirements, procedures, and timelines, including warranty guidelines.  * Drive business growth at local level through forward-thinking marketing and customer experience programs.  * *Strategy and Planning:*  Assists with the development of annual targets for each function in the location;  participates in strategic planning, improvement initiatives, and operational reviews as needed, providing good suggestions and follow through on action items.  * *Retail Operations:*  Ensures location is staffed appropriately for all weekday, weekend, and afterhours support;  ensures good daily communication between functions and other locations.  * *Administration:*  Ensures all corporate policies and procedures are followed, including Accounting, HR, and other operational requirements.  * *Marketing:*  Responsible for local marketing activities, including customer events, vendor events, local advertising, participation in regional and corporate planning and activities;  Engage in an appropriate level of community relations.  * *Facility Management:*  Ensures the facility is clean (offices, showroom, shop), safe, secure, and customer / employee friendly.  Repair items within authority capability; recommend larger improvement projects to Corporate for consideration.  Utilize corporate IT resources as needed for technology / network needs.  Ensures building and equipment on lot are secure.  Have needed relationship with local officials for permits, signage, etc.  * *Communications:*  Ensures good communication within location, and with other locations / employees.  * *Policy / Procedures:*  Ensures local operation is in compliance with all policies / procedures, including safety.  * *Vendor Requirements:*  Working with corporate, ensures all vendor requirements are satisfied, including dealer standards;  ensures good communication on programs, inventory, training opportunities, parts and service issues, market share improvement programs, etc.  *Requirements:*  * Minimum 8 years well rounded experience in an equipment dealership preferred; advanced experience and expertise in at least one functional area (sales, service, parts)  * Bachelor’s degree highly preferred  * Previous people management experience highly preferred  * Ability to professionally lead, develop, and motivate others  * Solid analytical, business planning, financial, and problem solving skills  * Strong communication and interpersonal skills with individuals at all levels of the organization  * Expertise with computer systems, including MS office and internet-based applications  * Ability to work extended hours during the week and on weekends  * Ability to travel to company meetings and training events as needed  * Acceptable Motor Vehicle status, with current driver’s license, and ability to operate vehicle
3832:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	PBS is seeking a Temporary Staffing Account Executive specializing in Food Manufacturing Account Acquisition in the MA & RI Markets.    Premier Business Solutions (PBS) is a recognized leader in the temporary staffing services industry, primarily focusing on food manufacturing clients in South Eastern MA and Rhode Island.  www.example.com     PBS is seeking a qualified Temporary Staffing Account Executive to call on and establish relationships with new food manufacturing clients.    Position offers Aggressive Commission Plan for new account development.    The ideal candidate will have established relationships/contacts with Massachusetts and Rhode Island Food Manufacturing Companies.    This is a traveling sales position, not requiring direct reporting to the home office.    Specific Requirements  • Temporary Staffing experience and knowledge, preferably within the food manufacturing industry – minimum 2+ years  • Experience with business development and overall workforce operations within the food manufacturing industry  • Established contacts in the food manufacturing industry  • Highly aggressive sales professional—energetic, outgoing  • Client-focused  • Strong verbal and written communication skills  • Must be able to travel frequently to account sites
3845:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed salary	Irvine Scientific is a worldwide leader in the design, manufacture and distribution of medical devices, including Industrial Cell Culture, Cell Therapy, Cytogenetic, and Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART) products.  Irvine Scientific is a large scale producer of advanced cell culture media for the industrial bioprocess and diagnostic markets and has extensive experience in the design of culture media leading to significant improvement in biopharmaceutical yield.  The company also manufactures media for medical and stem cell applications.  Additional information can be found at www.example.com.     We are seeking a Product Manager for our Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART) business. This position is responsible for overseeing all marketing aspects of the marketing business and supports the Senior Product Manager with strategic and tactical assignments as needed.       Job Duties:  •Interacting with varying levels of internal and external personnel which will require direct customer communication, public presentation, and a team-focused approach.   •Supporting assigned product line(s).   •Communicating verbally and in writing Irvine Scientific’s product development and marketing plans, with a strong knowledge of the target market, market expectations, and requirements for developing, promoting and selling products to such market.   •Developing and managing a portfolio of on-market and new products.   •Planning, promoting, and executing sound sales and marketing campaigns to achieve forecasted sales in product portfolio assigned.   •Providing leadership and execution for products across the product line for Irvine Scientific.   •Developing marketing plans and market research, leading new product development teams, and managing inventory, pricing, customer communications and revenue forecasts.   •Serving as the internal expert for the product lines and providing strategic guidance and direction for the positioning of Irvine Scientifics’ products.  •Recommending product modifications or improvements based on market research, sales personnel and market feedback, process improvement and customer input.   •Tracking and analyzing product sales and trends, making recommendations on path forward to grow business and meeting business objectives.  •Creating, executing and tracking launch campaigns for new products.  •Creating materials for sales training and sales meetings. Carrying out assigned new product training; perform training in conjunction with R&D as appropriate for new staff, distributors, etc.  •Carrying out new product launch activities in assigned product areas (e.g., forecasting, press releases, direct mail, sales force and distributor training and related activities).  •Gathering competitive intelligence, evaluating the potential on Irvine Scientifics’ products,  implementing tactics to build competitive barriers.  •Providing technical support via email, telephone and customer visits.  •Implementing assigned tactics for assigned product areas (e.g., direct mail, advertising, trade shows, and related activities).  •Assisting in the development of product forecasting- planning, products to assure timely response to marketplace demands.  •Facilitating the day to day management of business initiatives in the appropriate markets.  •Marketing of product line to assure that business objectives are met.    Education/Experience:  •BA/BS degree in Biology, Chemistry, life sciences, or Marketing. MBA preferred.  •Technical background and/or marketing experience appropriate to the specific needs of the product line.   •Minimum 3-5 years of experience in a position in a marketing and sales environment.  •Supervisory experience preferred.  •Strong business and customer focus are essential.   •Must have proven ability to build relationships and guide teams which include representatives from multiple functional areas, including R&D, Sales, Program Management, and Manufacturing.  •CRM experience a plus.  •Attending and working tradeshows.  •Knowledge of sales and marketing principals and a technical background.  •Proficient in MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook.  •Must have excellent communication skills including oral, written and presentation techniques.    To apply:  Please send resume with salary history.  Please put PM, ART 111913 in the subject line.    Irvine Scientific is an equal opportunity employer.
3846:supervising-job	Are you a leader with a proven track record of achieving results, developing team members and making your customers happy? Are you passionate about fitness? Bring your enthusiasm for fitness and leadership together by joining the team at East Shore Athletic Clubs as a Fitness Director.  Fitness Directors are committed to helping both members and team members achieve fitness and personal goals by helping them take ownership of their commitments - and action to fulfill them. Lead from the front as you execute service, management and sales in an energetic, challenging and innovative environment. Desired Skills & Experience An East Shore Athletic Clubs accepted National Personal Training Certification  • High School Degree required. A college degree and/or business experience is preferred  • Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, both verbal and written. • Ability to interact positively and professionally with people at all levels, both internally and externally. • Proved record in personal sales. • Leadership: a demonstrated ability to lead people and get results through others. • Working knowledge of the financial information and a thorough understanding of the P&L. • Management: ability to organize, follow through with commitments and deadlines and manage multiple priorities. • Ability to establish credibility and be decisive but able to recognize and support the company's preferences and priorities. • Problem analysis and resolution skills. • Ability to recruit, develop and retain a strong team.
3847:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed salary full-time-job	Voted #1 for twelve consecutive years in the family buffet and grill segment.  Associate General Manager / Kitchen Manager  *Experience the best of both worlds:* Big-name brand recognition within a small-company setting. We are unique, because we recognize the brand is only as good as the people we put in charge of it.  This is your chance to build a truly unique and promising career, one where your ideas will be heard and your skills maximized. Join our chain of privately owned Golden Corral restaurants, and you'll receive the attention that comes with a popular, highly visible brand name as well as the potential to develop your skills, friendly atmosphere, and personal attention of a smaller corporate structure.  Become part of our team, and succeed as our new:  ASSOCIATE GENERAL MANAGER/KITCHEN MANAGER  Mesa, AZ location  Income:  $55,000-$65,000 after initial training   *Responsibilities*  Using proven, successful Golden Corral products, recipes, procedures, and processes, you will be in charge of food production and back-of-house operations to achieve optimal results for food quality and cleanliness. As a vital member of our restaurant operations management team, you will assist in the management of  the restaurant's overall operations (food quality, production, safety, and labor) in the absence of the general manager, kitchen manager and hospitality manager. In addition, you will be expected to:  * Perform task sequencing and completion of complex administrative tasks.  * Successfully interact with our guests on a regular basis.  * Stand and walk for 2-5 hours without a break.  * Occasionally travel for training and operations meetings.  *Job Requirements*  The professional we select for this role will possess a strong, stable work history, including management experience in the restaurant industry, preferably casual dining, buffet or family style.     Additional credentials include: •Must have *minimum of 5 years restaurant experience.* •Ability to successfully complete Golden Corral's comprehensive management training program. •A shared appreciation for our passion for serving our guests to ensure the highest levels of excellence and satisfaction with our dining experience.  * Local candidates are preferred.  Rewards  In addition to a smaller setting where you can freely express your ideas and contribute to our success, we offer a competitive salary/bonus ($55,000-$65,000 annualized) and comprehensive benefits, including contributions to your medical insurance, dental available, 401(k), a five-day workweek, paid vacation and continual training and development throughout your career.  Learn more and apply  Discover the place where your passion for excellence is recognized and rewarded: Golden Corral.   There's no place like Golden Corral... for a great career. Golden Corral has quite a reputation to live up to, and we enjoy meeting the challenge. When our first restaurant opened in 1973, we began a tradition of partnering great tasting food with friendly service for the best value. It's a tradition that has made us the best family-style buffet restaurant chain in America with a diverse array of food choices - one that's allowed us to grow into nearly 500 company-operated and franchise restaurants in 40 states. One that's allowed us to be voted #1 for the twelfth consecutive year in the family buffet and grill segment by Nation's Restaurant News.    That honor is a reflection of the men and women who work here. We work hard, but there's a lot of fun and energy throughout our restaurants. People who share our passion for serving our guests with the highest level of excellence, enjoy an extraordinary career that encompasses a 5-day workweek, no late-night hours, extensive training and advancement opportunities in an inclusive environment. An environment that offers everyone the chance to be successful and productive.   So join us and give your career everything you deserve, including great pay and industry-leading benefits in a role that makes you feel valued.
3854:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	Columbia Colstor, Inc. is a diverse, privately held organization. In our 30th year of operation, we are the 11th largest public refrigerated warehousing company in the North America and rated 16th world-wide. We currently have a full-time Human Resource Administrator opportunity at our Kennewick, WA warehouse.    OVERVIEW  This position is responsible for implementation of human resources, workforce development and compliance function of the facility. Provides input for policy and procedure development. The individual in this position receives support and direction from the facility General Manager and corporate Human Resource Director.    RESPONSIBILITIES  • Counsels managers and supervisors on discipline and termination procedures  • Recruits and manages selection process for both hourly and salaried positions  • Oversees employee record maintenance, including increase, new hires, terminations and all other job changes  • Consults with management and employees with respect to personnel policies, practices and procedures, in accordance with local work rules  • Consults and assists in problem resolution related to human resource issues  • Investigate and respond to employee concerns to ensure appropriate treatment of employees and application of policies  • Ensures compliance with state and federal regulations  • Coordinates and implements activities pertaining to safety, compensation and training    REQUIREMENTS  • Bachelor’s degree in Human Resources is preferred  • 3 + years of comprehensive experience is preferred    For your skill and dedication, we offer competitive compensation including bonus, 401K, and profit sharing programs, and one of the best health benefit packages available anywhere in the industry.  Columbia Colstor is an Equal Opportunity Employer, with pre-employment drug screen and background check required.
3865:full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Job Description  The Asphalt Superintendent is responsible for providing direct in-field supervision of an asphalt crew working on all phases of construction, maintenance and repair operations and programs of the Company; all other related work as required. The Foreman/Superintendent is responsible for maintaining and improving upon the efficiency and effectiveness of all areas under his/her direction and control. The Foreman/Superintendent serves as the front-line Safety Officer for the site/project, and is directly responsible for the Safety of his/her crew.  Job Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:  Coordinating with project superintendent to discuss project needs daily.  Scheduling Asphalt with plant(s).  Assess trucks for asphalt delivery according to quantity of mix.  Field measuring, quantifying material(s), and reporting over/under runs to project Superintendent on a daily basis.  Ensuring that materials meet or exceed owner’s specifications.  Coordinating lab to test material being placed.  Reporting any irregularities immediately to Project Superintendent.  Assessing job priorities and assigning employees to appropriate job tasks.  Making sure employees have tools and equipment needed for job in order to ensure safety and production.  Overseeing the work and making sure it runs smoothly and as per the project plan.  Giving clear directions to crews as to what needs to be done to avoid repetitive mistakes, or rework.  Making sure company rules are followed by crew.  Hold a daily take 5/JHA meeting and record a record of it in the log for future references.  Acts as leader and supervisor for small crews engaged in road/highway construction, maintenance and repair projects, bridge construction maintenance and repair, and other civil infrastructure projects.  In the absence of the Project Superintendent supervises operations, directing sub-contractors, and maintaining material inventory.  Ensures that all equipment is safe and ready for operation at all times, reports to Project Superintendent or Shop in the absence of the Superintendent on damage and non-functioning parts and equipment, ensures that normal servicing of equipment is performed properly and advises and assists as necessary the Field Service Technician. Operates motor vehicles and equipment necessary for completion of projects.  Performs labor incidental to the work of operating equipment, other laboring tasks when required.  Regular attendance and punctuality at the workplace is required.  Required Skills  Thorough knowledge of division operations.  Thorough knowledge of TXDOT, Municipal, County specifications.  Ability to distinguish difference in materials.  Ability to understand elevations and offset info.  Ability to produce schedules and follow them.  Considerable knowledge of the materials, methods and techniques relative to road/highway construction and maintenance.  Knowledge of field safety.  Skills and knowledge in operating equipment such as Asphalt Pavers, rollers, frontend loaders, backhoes, etc. commonly used in asphalt/dirt work.  Ability to participate in and supervise workers operating light, heavy, and special motorized equipment.  Ability to supervise road/highway construction projects from general plans and instructions given and to determine the proper amounts of various materials, tools, and equipment needed.  Ability to make minor repairs and adjustments to equipment operated.  Ability to read engineering plans and blueprints.  Ability to communicate effectively verbally with supervisor(s) and crew(s).  Flexibility: Ability to work in a number of diverse locations is pertinent, as work locations may change daily.  Expected Hours: Hours will vary by job, location and season. Working a night shift may be required.  Required Experience  5+ years of experience in public works or heavy civil construction and maintenance including heavy equipment and motor vehicle operation.  Experience working on TXDOT, City of San Antonio, & Bexar County projects.  Other municipalities are a plus.  Experience with All types of Asphalt equipment is required.  Experience with One Course Surface treatment and other under seal applications.  Experience using levels to establish grade is a plus.  Field supervision experience is required.  Possession of a valid driver’s license.
3866:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Project Manager is responsible for overall project planning and scheduling, resource allocation, project accounting, and control, while providing technical direction and ensuring compliance with quality standards. Additionally, the Project Manager responsibilities will span a broad spectrum including, Project Planning, Cost Management, Time Management, Quality Management, Contract Administration, and Safety Management. Prepares project status reports and works to ensure plans adhere to contract specifications. Strong interpersonal and communication skills will be essential since this Project Manager will work closely with Project Owners, Vendors, Subcontractors, Project Estimators, and Accounting. Job Responsibilities Include: • Reinforces the compliance of field safety regulations by all field personnel. • Oversee all phases of the construction project timeline. • Perform key role in project planning, budgeting, and identification of resources needed. • Manages financial aspects of contracts (fee payment, rental equipment, income/expenses, etc.) to protect Company's interest and simultaneously maintain good relationship with Client. Is responsible for the overall profit and loss of each job and proactively seeks profit opportunities on each project. • Handles all correspondence between Contractor and Sub-Contractor(s). • Performs site visits and monitors progress of construction activities on a regular basis, and holds regular status meetings with all sub-teams. • Ensure construction activities move according to pre-determined schedule(s). • Draft and submit budget proposals, and recommend subsequent budget revisions where necessary. • Where required, negotiate with other departments for the acquisition of required personnel from within the company. • Develop and deliver progress reports, proposals, required documentation, and presentations. • Determine the frequency and content of status reports from the project team, analyze results, and troubleshoot problem areas. • Working with assigned Superintendent(s) proactively manages changes in project scope, identify potential crises, and devise contingency plans. • Responds to RFIs; process contract change orders. • Approves all invoices and manage the billing process. • Ensure compliance with contract specifications. • Represents Company in project meetings, client meetings, etc. • Proactively upholds all safety polices and standards. • Build, develop, and grow any business relationships vital to the success of the project. • Maintains strict adherence to Company policies and procedures.   Required Skills • Strong project management skills with ability to prioritize and manage multiple initiatives simultaneously. • Excellent verbal, written communication and presentation skills. • Strong interpersonal/human relations skills. • Proficient in Microsoft Office tools including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and MS Outlook Exchange. • Project Management Software (e.g, P6). • Demonstrated ability to build relationships, communicates effectively at all levels of the organization, and lead through influence – with the purpose of driving change and delivering positive outcomes. • Values and incorporates contributions of people from diverse backgrounds. • Winning attitude that motivates people, and a results orientation. Required Experience Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering or Construction Management or equivalent combinations of technical training and/or equivalent experience. 7-10 years of experience in heavy civil construction industry.  Experience as a surveyor, estimator, project coordinator, project manager and/or directly related equivalent role(s).    Knowledge of field concepts, practices, and procedures. Proficiency with HCSS Heavy Bid required.  *locations in San Antonio, Dallas/Fort Worth, and Houston*
3877:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	The District Spa Manager is responsible for driving sales and overseeing the execution/implementation of key business initiatives for their designated group of stores.  They oversee the execution of day-to-day activities of the spas in their geographical areas to ensure our customers are consistently treated to an impeccable customer service experience, and that the operations run smoothly, efficiently and profitably.   Ideal candidate must be skilled at Territory Management, managing profitability and emphasizing excellence.  District Spa managers are also an integral part of our relationship with the Airports and our business partners across all of our locations.     Schedule flexibility is key; this position is based in an airport and will require availability to work varied shifts (beginning before 8:00am and ending after 8:00pm), Holidays and weekends.   Duties Customer Experience •Lead team in creating an outstanding experience for the customer (pampered to perfection, customers are greeted  in a professional, friendly, and timely manner •Ensure spas in district are providing best in class customer service when greeting and assisting customers. Display excellent floor leadership skills—own and manage the sales floor. Role play and coach team members when desired behavior is not observed. •Protect employees and customers by providing a safe and clean spa environment. •Direct and supervise employees engaged in delivering best in class services for our customers.  Sales •Achieve district sales financial objectives by forecasting requirements; preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions. •Establishes sales objectives by creating a sales plan and quota for districts in support of national objectives. •Host weekly conference call with Store Manager in district to track progress toward sales goals  Brand Ambassador •Maintain new and ongoing relationships with airport leadership and liaise with corporate office staff. •Attend monthly Concession Meetings at Airport  Team •Review schedules to ensure optimal staffing levels for the Spas in their districts.  Partner with Spa Manager by interviewing, selecting, training, scheduling, evaluating, assisting with career development, and redirecting associates, as needed. •Accomplishes human resource objectives for spas in their districts by recruiting, selecting, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees in assigned districts; communicating job expectations; planning, monitoring, appraising, and reviewing job contributions; planning and reviewing compensation actions; enforcing policies and procedures. •Maintain positive employee relations by keeping open lines of communication with team. •Schedule monthly touch base calls with Spa Manager to provide individual coaching and development  Operations •Recommends product lines by identifying new product opportunities, and/or product, packaging, and service changes; surveying consumer needs and trends; tracking competitors. •Ensure availability of merchandise and services throughout district by monitoring of appropriate inventory levels. Follow up with appropriate personnel at Store Support Center. •Conduct Spa visits and complete Spa Audits at least one time per month for each location •Maintain professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies. •Administrative and computer skills that support accurate and timely reporting, cash collection/reconciliation, payroll management, service and retail inventory management, record keeping, and operation of POS System.  Work Experience Requirements •A minimum 5 years multi store management experience in spa, retail, hospitality, wellness, airport or beauty industries •Demonstrated ability to maximize all sales opportunities and achieve/exceed sales goals in given territory •Strong organizational qualities and confidence, with sound communication and customer service skills.  •Previous experience in recruiting, training and motivating commission based staff members. •Proven ability to foster a spirit of teamwork and camaraderie while achieving business goals.  •This position is based in an airport and will require flexibility and availability to work varied shifts, including Holidays, evenings and weekends.  Education Requirements  Bachelor’s Degree   Key Competencies • Decision Making • Leadership • Results Driven • Integrity • Quality • Productivity  • Dependability  • Customer Focus  • Teamwork  • Adaptability • Negotiation • Influence
3882:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Hopper’s Management Inc. is a restaurant franchising company based in Las Cruces New Mexico.  We are currently seeking general managers and assistant mangers to join our growing company with our IHOP locations.  Title:  GENERAL MANAGERS/ASSISTANT MANAGERS  Location: Opportunities in  Alamogordo, Artesia, Carlsbad, Deming, New Mexico  Duties & Responsibilities: •Understand completely all policies, procedures, standards, specifications, guidelines and training programs. •Ensure that all guests feel welcome and are given responsive, friendly and courteous service at all times. •Ensure that all food and products are consistently prepared and served according to the restaurant’s recipes, portioning, cooking and serving standards. •Achieve company objectives in sales, service, quality, appearance of facility and sanitation and cleanliness through training of employees and creating a positive, productive working environment. •Control cash and other receipts by adhering to cash handling and reconciliation procedures in accordance with restaurant policies and procedures. • Continually strive to develop your staff in all areas of managerial and professional development. • Prepare all required paperwork, including forms, reports and schedules in an organized and timely manner. • Ensure that all equipment is kept clean and kept in excellent working condition through personal inspection and by following the restaurant’s preventative maintenance programs. • Ensure that all products are received in correct unit count and condition and deliveries are performed in accordance with the restaurant’s receiving policies and procedures.  • Schedule labor as required by anticipated business activity while ensuring that all positions are staffed when and as needed and labor cost objectives are met. • Be knowledgeable of restaurant policies regarding personnel and administer prompt, fair and consistent corrective action for any and all violations of company policies, rules and procedures. • Fully understand and comply with all federal, state, county and municipal regulations that pertain to health, safety and labor requirements of the restaurant, employees and guests.  Qualifications: • General Managers must have 3 + years restaurant management experience, Assistant Managers must have 6 months + restaurant management experience or supervisory experience.  Have knowledge of both front of house and back of house operations. •Possess excellent basic math skills, basic computer skills, and have the ability to operate a cash register or POS system. •Be able to work in a standing position for long periods of time. •Be able to reach, bend, stoop and frequently lift up to 50 pounds. •Must have the stamina to work 60 hours per week  Important Notes •Shift work.  Required to work weekends, holidays, and overtime. •Benefits include vacation time after one year, insurance, competitive pay, and employee meals.
3892:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	First Resource, Inc., an Association Management Company - AMC, is seeking a high energy, creative, and well-rounded executive to serve as Managing Director for multiple manufacturing based Trade Organizations.  Responsible for assisting in the development and hands-on execution of strategic plans, the Managing Director will report directly to the President.  As part of this exciting, multi-faceted position, the Managing Director will provide guidance and leadership to multiple non-profit boards while working constantly to increase the value proposition that each Trade Association offers to its members.  The Managing Director will strive to maintain and grow programs with lead vendors and dynamic partners while creating strategic relationships.  In this position, the Managing Director will be responsible for the Associations’ iconic annual conventions and events with full Profit & Loss responsibility.   ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS • Assist the President in the long term strategy for the AMC involving the evaluation of competitive data, market intelligence and industry trends to develop implications and recommend winning strategies and tactics. • Direct, communicate and implement effective processes and procedures to improve organizational efficiencies. • Develop and executive organizational strategies enabling Trade Associations to successfully meet short and long term goals and objectives. • Mentor or coach staff to achieve individual and organizational excellence.  • Train, develop and motivate employees to peak performance and growth in their knowledge and responsibilities  • Manage and coordinate the successful delivery of multiple events, conferences, and other professional gatherings. • Develop of technology strategies and evaluation of emerging technologies to assist AMC.  • Develop / maintain relationships with key program vendors while continually evaluating new business opportunities. • Experience in developing and closing business development relationships • Prepare budget(s) and forecast(s) based on operational requirements.  • Maximize profitability of the AMC through superior customer service, problem solving, effective and prompt communications and follow-up on all pending matters with the member company executives.  • Plan and monitor daily staffing schedules, and adjusts accordingly to ensure adequate staffing levels that support operational demands and business objectives.  • Assist in sales opportunities and joint calls with sales executives. • Proven experience managing Projects in a collaborative approach, working across business units, to drive results from conception to completion • Additional responsibilities as assigned.  QUALIFICATIONS  Education: • Bachelor's degree in, Business, Management, or related Leadership field required  • Master's degree preferred    Work Experience: • Minimum ten years of general business experience required  • Minimum seven years of event management experience • Minimum five years serving in a professional association environment • Previous strategic planning experience required   Management Experience: • Minimum five years supervisory leadership required  • Working knowledge and experience with a boards of directors and cross functional teams   Knowledge: • Marketing, branding, communication methods • Strategic planning process and the use of SWOT methodology • Budgeting and financial management issues and activities  • Principles, practices, and administration processes • Microsoft Office Suite  (Full knowledge of Access and Excel) • Database Management / Customer Relationship Management Systems • The selling process • Relationship building with corporate clients • Event management process including negotiations, hotel and speaker contracts, food and beverage planning, and more.   Skills: • Presentation and public speaking skills  • Ability to analyze raw data and convert to industry reports • Organization and systems thinking • Ability to think strategically and execute tactics  • Project management of multiple functions, events, and activities • Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including the confidence and poise to routinely interact with an executive level audience  • Full understanding of customer service excellence   • Excellent project management skills and ability to prioritize among competing priorities • Ability to motivate, relate, and develop people and cohesive teams • Analytical and strategic thinking  • Negotiation    Abilities: • Lead stakeholder groups  • Engage board of directors  • Develop and measure goals, long-term strategic plans and programs   • Grasp technical concepts quickly • Collaborate with experts to solve complex problems affecting member companies • Develop long-term plans and programs and evaluate work accomplishments  • Apply and adapt practices and techniques to a variety of projects  • Establish and maintain effective relationships with employees • Establish and maintain effective relationships with board members • Establish and maintain effective relationships with vendors  • Present facts and recommendations effectively in verbal and written form   Personal Attributes Required - Level of Importance (Very Important, Important, Needed) • Attendance Very Important • Dependability Very Important • Decision Making / Judgment / Problem Solving Important • Communication Skills Very Important • Continuous Improvement Mentality Needed • Teamwork/Cooperation/Attitude/Adaptability Very Important • Energy / Enthusiasm / Positive Approach to Work Important • Strong Work Ethic Very Important • Integrity / Trustworthiness Very Important   ABOUT FIRST RESOURCE, INC. First Resource, Inc., an Association Management Company (AMC) representing over 950 U.S. contract manufacturing facilities accounting for over $9.0 billion in annuals sales covering the plastics, machining, rubber products, foil stamping and mold making industries.  As an Equal Opportunity Employer, First Resource brings a unique blend of services to each association client including by not limited to:  • Benchmarking and Information Services • Group Purchasing / Cost Reduction / and Affinity Programs • Networking and Connectivity Programs that Unite Industry Executives • Education and Professional Development Programs
3915:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	The RK Group is looking for enthusiastic, dedicated individuals to be a part of our team in Houston. These individuals will have the opportunity to work for a  high-end event company that is the exclusive food provider for multiple location in Houston and Galveston. These venues include an elite property in the City Centre-area, one of Houston's newest and most talked about special event venues in the Reliant Center-area and numerous others.     For 65 years, Rosemary's Catering, an RK Group Company, has carefully built a reputation of quality and service . We are expanding our catering division at a rapid rate though out Houston. Our employees are the core of our team and we expect the best of the best from them when working any event. We value dedication, attention to detail, professionalism and a great attitude. Rosemary's Catering provides tremendous opportunities for growth and advancement within the company as well as flexible hours and competitive pay.    We are currently  looking for a Director of Sales who realizes the most important elements of a successful business include building relationships with customers and the sales team. Our ideal candidate needs to be a highly self-motivated individual with strong leadership qualities and must have proven sales and supervisory experience in the hospitality and catering industry. Excellent communication skills and the ability to work with minimal supervision is a must.    The Senior Sales Manager is specifically responsible for maintaining standards of sales operations in the following areas:    POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES:  Provide leadership to the day-to-day operations of the sales department, while maintaining focus on the company's strategic goals;  - Book group events for off premise catering.  - Enter bookings and sales activity into Reserve, the group event software.  - Seek out and target new customers and new sales opportunities, initiate action plan to approach and secure new business for the company.  - Maintain established business relationships with clients and partnerships.  - Follow up and service bookings / submit confirmation in return in a timely manner.  - At completion of functions, follow up with client for possible future business.  - Maintain timely and effective communication with operations and sales regarding events / functions. Daily and weekly BEO meetings along with weekly sales / activity reports.  - Responsible to submit weekly sales and activity reports.   Responsible to meet established sales goals.  - Responsible to meet established weekly sales calls and appointments.    SALES RESPONSIBILITIES:  - Establish and meet yearly sales goals   - Maintain contact with local meeting, civic and convention centers or venues.  - Maintain contact with area hotel sales departments, and convention services departments through presentations and cold calls in order to obtain referrals and promote current programs.  - Establish and maintain contact with local Convention & Visitors Bureaus (CVB) in order to obtain group leads and referrals and build relationships.  - Participate in professional organizations and associations based on membership needs (MPI) determined for your restaurant/store in order to network and promote the restaurant.  - 50% of time being spent in outside sales.  - Responsible for cold calls, prospecting new business and qualified appointments, presentations, networking, entertaining, trade show participation and conducting site inspections.    REQUIREMENTS:   - Minimum five years sales experience in the Hospitality/Catering industry.  - Computer skills (word processing and spreadsheets) including Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, catering software.  - Excellent written communication, verbal communication and organizational skills.  - Ability to spend at least 50% of job generating outside sales.  - Ability to work extended hours including nights and weekends, as needed.  - Must have a valid driver's license
3916:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	Catering Warehouse Manager  Off-site Catering and Event Company seeking experienced Warehouse Manager.  Job Description: Manage warehouse staff including scheduling and direct supervision; work with kitchen and operations to strategize logistics, monitor receiving, storage, and distribution of equipment for events ensuring a smooth and consistent operation. Ordering and reconciling of rental equipment. This position oversees the receiving, storage loading, unloading & cleaning of equipment ensuring accuracy and timeliness of all job functions. Responsible for the upkeep of equipment and facility. Hours are based on the needs of the business and is event-centered.  Must have clean driving record and schedule flexibility.  Must be a self –starter as this role is a major contributor to overall event operations team.  Basic Functions:  Loading and unloading trucks, checking in equipment Sort and place materials or items on racks, shelves or in bins Ensure warehouse is accessible and safe for all persons. Pull equipment based on pull lists for events from stock and load on trucks. Mark materials with identifying information using appropriate method. Record inventory Facilities maintenance duties Maintain Stock of equipment and ensure all equipment is packed appropriately. Organize, clean warehouse and work area for orderliness at all times. Lead training classes for safe driving and safe loading or unloading procedures Performs other related duties as required  Skills Communication Proficiency●Management Skills ●Organizational Skills●Vehicle Maintenance●Mechanical Skills●Technical Capacity●Thoroughness●Time Management Skills  Job Requirements Candidate Possesses three years of experience in Warehousing, Receiving, Inventory Control, or Materials Management with two years Supervisory experience. Compensation Commensurate with Experience
3919:associate-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	*Commercial Construction Superintendent* needed immediately (Interior Buildout/ Renovation) (Chattanooga, TN)   WellSpring Builders, Inc. has an immediate opening for a qualified Construction Superintendent for their East Tennessee (Chattanooga, TN) division projects.  The ideal candidate should be able to work with a great deal of independence and authority, using their problem solving skills to successfully manage the completion of a variety of fast paced construction projects.  This superintendent should be particularly skilled in interior buildouts/renovation projects at a rapid pace.    *Candidate MUST live in or within 50 miles of Chattanooga*  This position is for a *Construction Superintendent*.  Please reply to this ad, attach a copy of your resume, salary requirements and references along with a valid email address and contact number.  Must be able to … • Understand and manage the complete construction cycle. • Provide excellent communication skills for all invested parties. • Manage subcontractor timelines, requirements, and quality. • Identify design gaps, errors, and unexpected problems and create quality solutions. • Administer the required documentation of all paperwork and reporting for the project. • Manage personnel, productivity, training, and development. • Ensure the effective use and maintenance of all jobsite equipment, and jobsite security.  • Schedule inspections as necessary throughout the project, meet with inspectors and track inspection progress through issuance of certificate of occupancy  Knowledge Base: • 5-10 years supervisory experience, managing various construction disciplines, commercial  • 2 year trade or 4 year relative college degree or equivalent combinations of technical training and/or related experiences. (Construction Supervision) • Knowledge of building material costs and wages and the ability to manage such costs • Thorough knowledge of all aspects of construction (technology, materials, tools, equipment, and methods) • Technical knowledge of Engineering (Civil, electrical, mechanical and structural systems) • OSHA Certification, 10 Hour Minimum, 30 Hour Desired • CPR/First Aid  Other Requirements: • Must be able to work in the U.S. and possess a valid driver's license • Willingness to travel  No phone calls please.  Please visit our website to learn more about WellSpring Builders online at www.example.com
3920:hourly-wage supervising-job part-time-job	MRCI's Thrift Shop in Mankato has an opening for a *PT Shift Supervisor* to manage production, receive donated goods, price items and delegate production tasks.   *Hours:* Part Time, 20-25/week with some flexibility. Evenings and weekends are required. _This position offers paid holidays plus vacation and sick time._   *Requirements:*  * High School diploma/GED  * Excellent customer service, orginization and interpersonal communication skills  * Must be able to lift 30 lbs. on a continual basis and operate a cash register  * Hold a valid MN Driver's License with reliable transportation  *Compensation:* $9.90 - $13.20 Hourly DOE   *TO APPLY:* Please visit www.example.com (Career Tab)  _Questions: Please call example@example.com
3922:supervising-job salary full-time-job	Internet Sales Director  Have you always had a flare for business? Do you know how to get the consumer’s attention? If you’ve been building a successful career in the automotive industry and you feel it’s time to take the next step, then you’ll be pleased to know that an industry powerhouse is extending an invitation to the best and the brightest; Come Grow with us!  We are seeking a bold and exciting individual to lead our Internet Sales Department to greatness. As our Internet Sales Director, you will have the chance to help shape the future of the automotive industry. Our dealership offers excitement, growth potential, competitive pay, a great benefits package, and much, much more! Now, why don’t you let us know what you’re bringing to the table?   Responsibilities:  • Motivate and Drive your department to success using our Innovative training procedures • Deal with clientele, both face-to-face and over the phone. Offer solutions to any issues and guarantee THE ABSOLUTE BEST customer service. • Project and Forecast department numbers based on analysis of current and prior averages.  • Navigate, manipulate, and train team members on the Dealership CRM. • Candidates MUST be able to SELL vehicles!!!!  Abilities: • Fluid communication skills in all mediums • Tech/Internet Savvy • Driven, aggressive and positive personality • The ability to Multi- task is a MUST • The ability to work evenings and weekends is a MUST • Bilingual (Spanish/English) a plus   Applicants without salary requirements will not be considered.   Equal Employment Opportunity  Nazareth Ford is an Equal Opportunity Employer (EOE). Qualified applicants are considered for employment without regard to age, race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, disability, or veteran status.
3923:bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Sr. Engineers/Managers - Mobile Zoom Lens Optics and Opto-mechanics Needed!  We are the profitable start-up with 50 patents in the pipeline. Company offers competitive salary and stock options for the two positions as below. If you are the right persons, please contact us at once!    1. Senior Engineer/ Manager of Mobile Zoom Lens Optics: Santa Clara CA or Shenzhen China       1.1. Optics Engineering degree required, MSc/Ph.D. Preferred;      1.2. 8+ Years optics design experiences, at 3 years in Zoom lens design;      1.3. At least 2-years working experience/relationship with lens factory;      1.4. Some Travel to Asia;      1.5. Knowledge and experiences with non-spheric lens design and manufacturing.      2. Opto-mechanics Engineer/Manager：Santa Clara CA or Shenzhen China       2.1. Opto-mechanics degree or working experience required, MSc/Ph.D. Preferred;      2.2  5+ years opto-mechanics design experiences, at least 2 years in Zoom Lens design;      2.3. At least 2-years working experience/relationship  with lens factory;      2.4. Some Travel to Asia;       2.5. Knowledge of miniature motor or magnetic mechanics is a plus;   The above jobs are for a revolutionary mobile zoom lens project that will change the mobile phone industry. Please contact us immediately! We are an equal employment opportunity employer.
3924:full-time-job salary ms-or-phd-needed supervising-job	Dynamic large-scale new medical office in Williamsburg section of Brooklyn, New York, is looking for a full time board certified pediatrician with a NYS medical license. Medical office is EMR based and paperless. Highly trained support staff with experience on site.  Competitive Salary and Excellent Benefits
3927:supervising-job	Skill set expectations are that the candidates who are strong with SQL Servers should also have experience and working knowledge of how it interacts with other networks, servers, Active directory, etc.  Additionally, this person should be familiar with the entire process \"soup to nuts\" of SQL Server. Recommends tools and resources to monitor SQL Server activity and provide key statistics and performance measures.  Researches and evaluates new technologies to improve SQL Server functionality.  Analyzes and troubleshoots problems related to SQL Server Environment.  Knowledge and experience with managing, securing, troubleshooting and administrating SQL Server 2005 or above.  Knowledge and experience with SQL Server connection protocols including Kerberos and NLTM.  Create, Write, Trouble-shoot and Deploy SSIS packages.  Creates triggers, stored procedures, and query optimization plans.  Creates normalized database objects.  Creates SQL Server maintenance plans for DR planning and business continuity.  Installs SQL Server as per best practices.  Practical knowledge of SQL DBMS objects such as system databases and recovery models.   Required skills:  Backup and restore methodologies. Experience architecting, setting up, configuring and administrating failover clusters, mirroring, replication and other high availability strategies.  Experience troubleshooting bottle necks in SQL Server.  Experience creating, deploying and managing SQL Server Auxiliary features such as SSRS. SSAS, SSIS.  Skills in Microsoft Office Suite.  Candidate must be able to communicate clearly with the development team, project staff, and the user community.   Preferred skills:  Strong project skills Self starter Time management Analytical thinking Minimal management required  Skills:   Database Platforms - backup/recovery - Expert  Database Platforms - failover clusters - Expert  Database Platforms - Load Balancing - Expert  Database Platforms - MS SQL Server 2000 - Expert  Database Platforms - MS SQL Server 2005 - Expert  Database Platforms - MS SQL Server 2008 enterprise server - Expert  Database Platforms - MS SQL Server 2008 R2 - Expert Database Platforms - MS SQL Server 2012 - Expert  Database Platforms - SQL Server - Expert  Database Platforms - SQL Server Analysis Services ( SSAS) Expert  Database Platforms - SQL Server Dynamic Management Views (DMV) - Expert  Database Platforms - SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) Expert  Database Platforms - SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) - Expert Networking & Directories - Active Directory - Advanced Protocols - Kerberos - Expert  Protocols - NLTM - Expert   Additional Skills:   Advanced skill set for building and administering high availability environments with load balancing.  Ability to train Jr. DBAs. Must be organized, focused, and ability to communicate well to superiors, peers and customers.  Must be a conceptual and analytical thinker with ability to logically process steps and communicate action plan.     VIVA USA is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to maintaining a professional working environment that is free from discrimination and unlawful harassment. The Management, contractors, and staff of VIVA USA shall respect others without regard to race, sex, religion, age, color, creed, national or ethnic origin, physical, mental or sensory disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or status as a Vietnam-era or disabled veteran.     VIVA USA INC. 3601 Algonquin Road, Ste 425 Rolling Meadows, IL 60008 www.example.com
3942:5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job salary bs-degree-needed supervising-job	WeatherTech is an industry leader and one of the most respected brands in the design and manufacture of Automotive Accessories serving Aftermarket and OEM Suppliers as well as retail customers. We are seeking a Production Supervisor to oversee our Injection Molding and Thermoforming Operation team. This position is for 1st and 3rd shift, but 2nd shift applicants will be considered as well.   We are a mid-sized, privately held, financially stable, fast paced, and growing corporation offering an environment dedicated to continuous improvement, cutting edge technology and lean manufacturing principles with a firm belief in American manufacturing. We are poised for significant growth in 2014 and beyond, both globally and locally. This is a unique opportunity for an experienced professional to build and develop a team that utilizes the latest technology to make top quality products in a safe and clean manufacturing environment.  *Qualifications* • Experience in Injection Molding setup, processing, and troubleshooting is essential. • Experience in Thermoforming setup, processing, and troubleshooting is essential. • Must have experience supervising a diverse staff that includes temporary personnel. • Experience with robots and packaging equipment is important. • Ability to manage, lead, coordinate, and discipline quality and process technicians, machine operators, packers, trimmers, set up, and other employees. • A strong safety background is critical, along with a solid quality focus. • Strong problem solving and leadership skills are required. • Computer literate in Microsoft Office and inventory/manufacturing software. • Attention to detail, consistency, and accountability are required.  *Duties and Responsibilities* • Manage your shift, keeping safety, quality, and productivity goals in mind. • Enforce and enhance policies and procedures to meet and exceed our goals. • Manage and create reports for other departments as required. • Ensure customer/vendor/supplier-related corrective actions are carried out in a timely and proper manner and that they are effective. • Initiate, recommend, and provide quality, manufacturing, and maintenance procedures. Implement, train, and verify that they achieve intended results. • Oversee and direct the full inspection process to ensure all requirements and standards are complied with. • Provide continuous training for inspectors and plan functions requiring quality training. • Improve manufacturing efficiency through employee development and equipment; allowing us these improvements to help fuel our growth.  *Experience* • Minimum 5 years experience in manufacturing REQUIRED. • BS Degree or equivalent desired.  *Benefits*  We offer a competitive salary and benefits package including Health, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, and 401(k) matching.  -Resumes without salary history/expectations will not be considered-  MacNeil Automotive Products Limited is an Equal Opportunity/Drug-Free Workplace Employer.
3944:supervising-job	Regional Director Massage Envy – Denver, CO Massage Envy is currently hiring a Regional Director to manage multiple locations within the Denver Metro Area.  Position Summary  Responsible for driving sales, service, and operational activities within an assigned region. Develop and implement long and short-term business strategies to effectively achieve regional profit and growth initiatives.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities  • Conduct regular sales and service strategy meetings with management staff to communicate expectations, recognize positive behaviors and provide solutions for opportunities. • Supports the implementation of company programs to ensure the success of the Company • Ensure that clinic staff receives appropriate training relating to their job requirements. Maintain ongoing training programs and courses for further education and training.  • Ensure that each clinic meets financial and operational goals, consistent with the company objectives. • Responsible for setting monthly sales and service goals for each clinic, and ensuring that each unit meets the monthly and annual performance goals.  • Resolve high level member and customer service disputes in a positive manner to the highest satisfaction of the member and guest. • Provide guidance to Mangers on strategy, people development, coaching and profitability through monthly reviews and annual performance reviews.  Requirements • Experience in building and leading field teams. • Experience within a Management role in the spa/hotel/resort industry. • Sales management experience, including employee management experience. • Strategic and tactical planning experience in customer services industry.  • Excellent communication, analytical, and organizational skills • Ability to multi-task and prioritize projects
3946:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	Read this before you go any further – Please do not submit your resume unless there’s a good match between your background and work experience to the below position!   Job Function: The deployment engineer works in the field installing Panoramic’s hardware at various customer locations and configuring the system to work with the hardware. This activity requires some understanding of commercial electrical systems and requires decision making which system and electrical circuit to monitor. When not performing field work, the specialist assists in reporting tasks, analyze and interpret analytical electrical data to identify energy and operational inefficiencies and provide recommendations and cost savings to our customers. This position requires additional dialog with customers to gather additional data to explain or highlight some of the analysis results. The position requires working in parallel on multiple projects and meeting deadlines. This position requires extensive traveling of up to 80% both domestic and international.  Qualifications: 1. Technical degree in electrical practical engineering or BSc in engineering (electrical or mechanical preferred) 2. Excellent analytical, interpersonal, and client communication skills.  3. 2-5 years of proven experience in energy efficiency service - preferred 4. Able to present analysis in understandable and compelling formats 5. Ability to travel domestic and international about 80% of the time.   Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: 1. Familiarity and background with electrical engineering concepts and electricity basics is a plus 2. Experience with analytical and analysis tools 3. Experience with business intelligence packages is a plus. 4. Experience with MS Office Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint.   5. Strong experience with MS Excel reporting and pivot tables 6. Ability to grasp new concepts and topics quickly 7. Strong customer focus. 8. Self-starter with ability to work independently supporting customers and partners globally 9. Ability to lead projects, manage multiple tasks involved in meeting deadlines and deliverables. 10. Comfortable in speaking English with customers and partners, and being able to handle small size group meetings. 11. Ability to clearly communicate thoughts and ideas in person, over the telephone, and in written correspondence. 12. Familiarity with database management systems (DBMS) preferably My SQL is a plus.  The company reserves the right to review and amend job function description and requirements from time to time according to needs at its sole discretion
3955:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	*PROPERTY MANAGER / COMMUNITY MANAGER / COMMUNITY DIRECTOR*  APARTMENT COMMUNITY:  Deep Creek Crossing, Chesapeake, VA  Harbor Group Management Company is a growing real estate investment/property management company headquartered in Norfolk, Virginia with over $ 3.6 billion in assets in multifamily residential, commercial, retail, hotel and industrial properties throughout the United States and abroad. We are looking for an experience, well-qualified Multifamily Apartment Manager.  *Requirements:*  To be considered for this position, candidates must have a minimum of 3-5 years experience as a Multifamily Apartment Property Manager. Candidates who do not have the minimum experience required will not be considered.  The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skills, and abilities required.  • Oversee the day-to-day operations of the property;  • Maintain customer service standards and resident relations;  • Meet the financial goals of the owners;  • Prepare monthly and quarterly operational reports;  • Review vendor contracts for competitiveness;  • Insure all pertinent information is entered into our accounting and management system for billing and tracking purposes;  • Reconcile operating costs;  • Prepare the budget package for property operations;  • Meet the needs of residents and enforces their lease agreements;  • Hire, train, coach, supervise and counsel all on-site employees;  • Work with all members of the staff to maintain the property’s curb appeal and maximize exposure and occupancy of the property.  *PROPERTY MANAGER / COMMUNITY MANAGER / COMMUNITY DIRECTOR*
3963:full-time-job supervising-job	Great Careers start with NPC International and Wendy's Old Fashioned Hamburgers. NPC has recently become a Wendy's Franchisee, and are looking for GREAT Assistant Managers, Shift Leaders and Team Members. If you like being part of a winning team, developing new leadership skills and being part of an organization with EXPLOSIVE Growth, which provides fantastic Career Opportunities, then your job search is over.  The successful candidate will: • Train, monitor and reinforce Company Standards in Guest Service and Product Quality • Be part of a winning team that focuses on Guests, People and Profits • Assist in building a team and culture in their assigned unit that is best in the industry  The Successful candidate must: • Follow direction and established company policies • Be able to work in a fast paced environment • Have a High School Diploma or GED • Previous restaurant or supervisory experience  The Successful candidate receives: • Career growth and opportunities for high performing managers • 401(k)  • Vacation benefits for full time employees • Health Benefits
3964:supervising-job salary	Now hiring Multi-Unit Managers for the Kansas City Region. Great Careers start with NPC International and Wendy's Old Fashioned Hamburgers.  NPC has recently become a Wendy's Franchisee and are looking for GREAT Multi-Unit Managers for our 91 unit, and growing, franchise .  If you like being part of a winning team, developing new leaders, and being part of an organization with EXPLOSIVE growth, which provides fantastic Career Opportunities, then your job search is over.  The successful candidate will: * Develop Restaurant Managers to drive Operations Excellence in their assigned units * Be part of a winning team that focuses on Guests, People and Profits * Build a team and culture in their assigned Area that is best in the industry * Ensure brand standards are executed at each of their assigned units * Ensure profitability in each of their assigned units  The successful candidate must: * Follow established company policies * Be able to work in a fast paced environment * Have previous multi-unit experience  The Successful candidate receives: * Career growth and opportunities for high performing Area Managers * Competitive base salary PLUS monthly bonus based on sales, profits and Guest satisfaction * Fixed Automobile Reimbursement PLUS variable payment based on miles driven * 401(k) * Major Medical / Dental / Vision * Vacation based on tenure  NPC is an Equal Opportunity Employer
3967:2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job bs-degree-needed salary supervising-job	We are an iconic 110 year old Milwaukee manufacturer growing our business and continuing to improve operational productivity.      We are seeking to add a highly motivated Buyer to our management team.    This person will exercise independent judgment to manage procurement of all assigned commodities. This person will support company goals for OTD, quality, inventory, and COGS for all assigned commodities. This person will support manufacturing with timely flow of goods and services.    ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  Daily MRP analysis required (A basic understanding of MRP logic is necessary to properly evaluate system demand)  Identify, select and develop all suppliers for all assigned commodities that will minimize cost, maximize quality, minimize lead time and inventory.  Negotiates pricing, discounts, quality, quantity, delivery date, etc.  Identifies, negotiates, and implements changes to harvest opportunities to reduce cost, improve quality, reduce inventory and improve responsiveness for outside service suppliers.  Manage capacity/capability of suppliers to ensure uninterrupted supply and alignment with business needs.  Executes daily transactions to support the purchase of all products and services within assigned commodities in an accurately and timely.  Participates in daily customer service meetings. Communicates delivery status for all assigned commodities daily to operations team as appropriate.  Maintains integrity of purchasing and supplier data in the CMS operating system including, pricing, terms of payment, freight terms, standard cost, lead time, lot size, minimum orders, and vendor information.  Audits, investigates, develops and implements corrective actions to resolve all discrepancies related to assigned commodities including: inventory integrity, price, quality, freight, receiving, purchase orders, and work orders.    *****We are seeking a highly motivated individual who has completed a 4-year college degree and has a minimum of three successful years as a buyer in a manufactured goods environment. We offer an excellent salary in the $55-70,000 range along with a performance bonus on top.  We provide an exceptionally strong benefits program as well.
3973:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	Job Duties:  Use the defined resource model and Workforce Management (WFM) to forecast staffing needs based on projected work volumes and resource attrition.    Responsible for developing the 2-day to 4-week rolling scheduling horizon and ensuring this work is in line with the overall priorities defined by the Manager of Logistics and other department managers.    Analyze upcoming planned work volumes and compare against yearly trends in planned capital  work.     Analyze Validation, Editing and Estimation (VEE) and exceptions from Meter Data Management (MDM) and Customer Care and Billing (CC&B) to understand work volumes.  Allocate out high priority exceptions to field crews to ensure critical issue areas are addressed first.    Oversee the creation of the daily and weekly work plan and monitor and prepare performance reporting to management.    Supervise the workload of all staff to ensure timely completion of daily work requirements and coordinate training and cross-training of staff to promote departmental efficiency and staff development. Approve and schedule overtime as required by the business units.    Provide exceptional communication skills and maintain strong relationships with field supervisors and management staff to ensure field department objectives are being met.      Qualifications: Education Required: Bachelor degree in Business or related field and minimum 2 years planning / scheduling experience, or a commensurate combination of education and experience required.    Skills: Excellent communication skills required, both verbal and written, to ensure effective and accurate information sharing, assignment of work, etc; Analytical ability to ensure efficient and accurate review of reports, system exception, issues and/or errors; Ability to complete concurrent projects to ensure timely, efficient and accurate deadlines are met.    Physical Requirements: Normal office environment.
3974:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	The Territory Sales Manager will be responsible for developing sales for lighting products specifically designed and manufactured for retail environments through multiple channels.  In addition, this team member will raise product awareness, support the marketing strategy, contribute to product development efforts, and perform customer service functions. This hands-on position will fill a critical role on our long-term commercial plan.  Success will be measured by the timely execution of the go-to-market strategy including revenue and other performance targets.  Responsibilities Direct Sales (National Retail Chains and OEMs) • Develop and execute direct sales strategy  • Build customer relationships and understand requirements  Channel Partners (Regional/Local Retailers) • Manage and support network of distributors and manufacturer representatives  • Recruit, train and develop additional channel partners   Internal • Manage the forecasting process • Contribute to marketing strategies (trade shows, promotions, and pricing) • Execute new product and product upgrade roll-outs • Communicate customer feedback for product development and improvements • Maintain updated CRM records (ACT)  Required Skills • History of positive collaboration on technical projects in a team environment  • Effective communication and decision making abilities • Ability to travel internationally without restrictions (Canada, European Union and China) • Initiative to work remotely, prioritize, multi-task, and stay motivated while away from headquarters  Required Experience and Education • Ten plus years of work experience, preferably related to lighting in retail environments • Five plus years of sales and/or channel management experience  • Experience in commercial lighting sales, design, requirement specification, and LED systems  • BS required or related degree or equivalent work experience  Preferred Skills  • Experienced l with lighting decision makers in the grocery and/or convenience store industries • Experience in making sales visits, customer service calls, and presentations • Experience with Federal, State, and/or local energy rebate programs • Proficient in Microsoft Office suite • Familiar with CRM systems    SloanLED is a rapidly growing industry leader in energy saving, solid state LED (Light Emitting Diode) lighting systems. Drawing on our experience and expertise with LEDs we have developed a broad range of products for use in a wide array of industries.  Key markets include commercial signage, architectural projects, retail space illumination, refrigeration illumination and lighting for spas. Our LED-based products provide high reliability, energy efficient, maintenance free and cost effective lighting solutions to our customers. SloanLED is widely recognized in the markets it serves for high-quality products, excellent customer service and strong technical support.
3979:2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Summary Purpose of Customer Service Supervisor:  The Supervisor provides day to day leadership and direction to a diverse team of associates who have a responsibility to deliver premium customer service in an inbound call center environment.  Essential Accountabilities and Responsibilities of Customer Service Supervisor:  The Supervisor will be expected to manage multiple functions and processes throughout the department with the focus on project management, problem diagnosis / resolution, and process improvement. Managing and developing a team that provides excellent customer service.   •Assigned various management duties including, but not limited to: Scheduling staff, tracking attendance / PTO, new associate access requests, I/T requests.  •Communicating information to associates and also receiving feedback from them on topics. •Implementing and communicating processes, procedures, and policies. •Communicate on any disciplinarily actions taken with any associates based on performance, attendance, actions, etc. As well as keeping records of all documentation. •Provide suggestions and recommendation as to the hiring, firing, advancement, promotion on direct and indirect reports. •Responsible for participating in associates annual reviews. •Policies and procedures –assure associates have current information and are following policy. •Monitor daily activities of associates to make sure they are following company policies. •Training – Responsible for associate receiving efficient and effective training. Also following up on associate’s progress and administering training materials, if needed.  Other Additional Tasks:   •Working knowledge of current office products (MS Office, Notes, and Web browser).  •Has good understanding of the client company culture and business practice.   Decision Making Responsibilities:  •Must possess basic organizational, communication and time management skills.  •Associate must participate as an active leader, practice effective listening skills and effective collaboration skills.  •Have the necessary leadership, team building, motivation, and delegation skills to efficiently coordinate the efforts of a team toward accomplishing a common goal.  •Can assess skills, anticipate development needs, and promote learning.  •Recognize, evaluate and establish change initiatives to meet business needs.  •Excellent relationship building and customer service skills in order to provide exceptional service.  •Strong analytical and problem solving skills.  Minimum Qualifications, Education and Certifications for Customer Service Supervisor:  •Bachelor’s Degree strongly preferred.  •2-5 years experience in a call center environment. •Extensive customer service experience required. •Actual experience leading, mentoring and/or supervising associates in a fast paced environment.  Keywords: team leader, supervisor, manager, customer service, call center
3986:supervising-job salary 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed	*GENERAL MANAGER: Indianapolis, IN*    *WHO WE ARE AND WHAT WE NEED*   Everything But The House (EBTH) is a revolutionary online personal property and estate sale service provider based out of Cincinnati, Ohio (see www.example.com). EBTH has experienced rapid growth since 2006 and will be expanding to Indianapolis, IN and other markets across the country this fall.    We are seeking a *General Manager* for *Indianapolis, IN* as we open EBTH in this important new market. EBTH is a vibrant, game-changing company looking for an all-out team player that can thrive in a startup culture, lead a team, and help us grow this exciting business.    The *General Manager* position at EBTH is the most exciting and challenging position that EBTH has to offer. As the leader of EBTH Indianapolis, the General Manager is ultimately responsible for the development and growth of our business in this substantial U.S. market – a truly vital role – that requires an intricate skillset as well as unique and distinguishable personality traits. Sound like you?     *WHAT WE’RE LOOKING FOR*   We’re looking for an organized \"people person\"... someone that's a strong marketer who will focus on growing EBTH in any number of ways, all while providing compassionate, world-class customer service. While an outgoing and charismatic personality is essential, this role also requires that you are analytical, detail-oriented, and focus on the bottom line... people like this are really hard to find! Still sound like you?   *WHAT YOU’LL DO*   * Launch EBTH in Indianapolis with the help of EBTH’s New Market Team (from Cincinnati). * Oversee all operational and personnel functions of EBTH Indianapolis. * Oversee all personal property, estate, and consignment sales in the Indianapolis market. * Hire, train, and manage a team of EBTH Sale Coordinators and Sales Consultants.  * Manage and regularly report on the location’s budget and profitability – managing to the bottom line. * Sell, sell, sell! While this isn’t advertised as a sales position, selling will be a part of your role and responsibility – no doubt about it! Networking will be key in this role. Communication skills are a must! * Represent EBTH at local events, gatherings, trade shows, etc. * In coordination with EBTH HQ, develop and implement market-specific marketing plans to GROW REVENUES. * Work directly with your Sales Consultants to land sales and fill the EBTH Indianapolis Online Sales Calendar. * Help grow EBTH nationally by developing and sharing expertise, experience, and best practices. * Have a blast working alongside a vibrant crew of EBTH-ers who like to work hard / play hard!     *REQUIREMENTS*  * Bachelor’s degree.  * 4+ years of operations management and / or marketing experience.  * Entrepreneurial DNA.  * An appreciation for and / or knowledge of all things vintage!  * Drive (A.K.A. “Hustle”!)! Once established, this business is fast-paced and challenging. We’re looking for a self-starter who is motivated to lead and take EBTH to the masses.  * An appreciation for rock-solid customer service and a desire to foster it.  * A team player mentality with an ability to work independently. Like any new operation this location will start small but, with your help, will grow quickly!  * Microsoft Excel proficiency is essential.  * Familiarity with e-commerce and social media (Facebook, Twitter, Foursquare, LinkedIn, etc.).  * Financial analysis skills are a plus.  * A sense of humor. No, really!     *COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS*   * Competitive salary and benefits package based on experience  * If you are motivated by competitive incentive compensation, which is linked directly to your ability to increase business within your assigned territory, then this is the job for you!    *TO APPLY*   * If you think you’re the perfect fit for this position and can’t wait to join the EBTH team, please click the link below to submit your resume and contact information.
3991:supervising-job	We are NOW hiring for the position of office manager for our Austin location. We are looking for individuals who are self starters, knowledgeable, results-driven, detail-oriented and very organized. We will offer training on all programs required to complete job tasks. We also offer full benefits, competitive salary packages and great opportunity for advancement.   Eligible candidates must:   Be able to work without direct supervision   Promote and support sales team and environment   Be proficient in MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook   Experience in finance preferred (but not required)   If interested, reply to this ad and attach resume.
4001:salary supervising-job	IT Business Analyst (Salesforce CRM), Global IT Leader Burlington, MA (near Boston) Circa $110k-$120k + comprehensive benefits  An opportunity for a senior level Business Analyst to work for a dynamic, global IT leader and play a key role in the development and delivery of high profile, enterprise-scale software projects that push the technical boundaries and enhance how the company operates internally and transacts externally with customers and partners.   Sophos (www.example.com) is a highly respected leading provider of IT security solutions to businesses around the world. Strong year on year growth has led to increased investment in world class IT systems, innovative software product development and exceptional career opportunities for staff.   As a high profile and senior member of the globally dispersed Business Intelligence team, the Senior Business Analyst will play a key role in delivering large scale IT programmes that will significantly impact business and customer success. These include cloud-based SaaS projects, the integration of Salesforce CRM with core business systems, the enhanced access of BI information to underpin decision-making and the development of new software products.  Based in the Burlington office near Boston, MA, the Senior Business Analyst will be ideally placed geographically to liaise closely with and visit a range of internal/external stakeholders, including a key customer on the West Coast and the UK-based IT development group. This will largely entail eliciting, analysing and clarifying robust and unambiguous business requirements from key stakeholders and creating functional specifications that allow IT developers to propose appropriate solutions that best meet user’s needs.  The Individual  • A senior level Business Analyst with a solid track record of delivering large-scale IT projects in a dynamic, matrixed business environment (ideally including CRM solutions such as Salesforce) • Ability to operate seemlessley across multiple departments including Finance, Sales and Marketing, with a strong understanding of the underlying processes • Exceptional interpersonal, relationship-building and active listening skills – able to lead analysis and design sessions, gather requirements, adapt communication to differing internal/external audiences, mitigate conflicting requirements and influence at all levels  • Able to write clear and unambiguous functional specifications for software developers • Analytical mindset, a natural problem solver,  evaluative and able to work autonomously, whilst also playing a key role in and contributing to the wider global IT team • Flexible to travel approximately 20% of the time to the West Coast and the UK  Why you should consider this role   This newly created Senior BA position affords stimulating technical and business process challenges, the opportunity to further develop (or pick up) highly marketable skills such as Salesforce CRM and the chance to make a significant and visible difference to how the Sophos conducts its business around the world. We can offer an unrivalled peer group, a commitment to personal development, and opportunities for rapid career progression that comes from being part of a global group. There is a dynamic and strong delivery-focused culture that values openness, innovation, team work and fun.   Company overview  Established in the 1980’s with 1600 staff across offices around the world, Sophos is a leading global provider of innovative IT security solutions to small and midmarket enterprises and is trusted daily by over 100 million users in over 150 countries. Our mission is ‘to be the best in the world at delivering complete IT security to small and midmarket enterprises and the channel that serves them’. We’re a company that believes solutions to complex security problems should be simple; and as a result, deliver benefits to customers & partners that no one else can.    Benefits  Comprehensive benefits include medical, dental, vision, life and long-term disability insurance; 401k plan, vacation time and gym membership compensation   Recruitment  Sophos is an equal opportunities employer. To be considered please apply online to our retained recruitment partner, SDC Resource, or email your resume
4013:bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Explore the incredible opportunity of being a State Farm insurance & financial services agent.    State Farm, the number one insurer in the nation, is seeking successful, motivated professionals to join its dynamic agency force. Are you an outstanding performer in your current field? Do you enjoy leading a team, helping people, and being involved in your local community? Are you interested in driving your own financial future? If so, the State Farm Agency opportunity may be perfect for you. As a State Farm Agent, you will enjoy:  * Unlimited income potential; * $30,000 signing bonus; * Worldwide travel incentives; * Affiliation with a Fortune 50 company known for its Good Neighbor philosophy and financial strength; * Brand recognition as a trusted leader in your community; * Opportunities to lead, inspire, and develop your team; * Minimum of 8-9 months paid training, including salary, benefits, and licensing; * Ongoing retirement payments and benefits after completion of training; * Extensive resources to support you throughout your State Farm career; * Immediate revenue on assigned policies from existing book of business.  Desired Skills & Experience:  Our Agents come from a variety of backgrounds including but not limited to: Business Owner, Vice President, Sales Manager, Sales Representative, Insurance Sales, Personal Banker, Financial Services Representative and many more.   Our top performing State Farm Agents all have the following skills and abilities:   * 4 Year Degree Desired * Integrity  * Entrepreneurial spirit  * Strong sales and leadership skills  * Strong work ethic  * Ability to pass a background and credit check  You can find additional information about the Agency opportunity on the State Farm Careers site.  www.example.com   If you are interested in finding out if this opportunity matches your unique skills and abilities, the first step is to complete the Sales Leadership Career Profile questionnaire.   Please contact me if you would like me to send you information on how to take this 30-minute assessment. I would welcome the chance to help you pursue this unparalleled business opportunity.    Thank you!
4014:supervising-job bs-degree-needed salary	Electric Vehicle Charger Channel Sales Managers -   Tellus Power is the US based subsidiary of Tusai Holdings a worldwide leader in the manufacturing of capacitors, automotive solar, energy storage and electric vehicle charging with branch offices around the world, including United States, Berlin, Germany, and Beijing, China. Marking its 20 year anniversary this year, Tusai has grown into an international business, providing renewable energy solutions with a commitment to delivering innovative products that exceed user’s expectations.  Tellus Power offers end-to-end solutions and services including a Home Level 2 and commercial Level 2 charging stations, DC fast Chademo and SAE combo charging stations, network management system, building integrated photovoltaic and analytical applications.    Reporting to VP of Sales, the successful candidate in this position will be charged with planning, directing and coordinating EV charging station sales activities toward the attainment of established sales and company profit goals.  This individual will work closely with the rest of the executive team to develop and implement strategies that lead to continued growth, market development and profitability.    The Channel Sales Manager is responsible for sales channel strategy and new business development of Tellus Power’s charging station products nationwide.  This individual will work closely with associates in marketing, engineering and operations to ensure that the Company is supporting and delivering its customer value proposition. The position is responsible for recruiting, leading and coaching a team of Regional Sales Managers, Independent Sales Representatives and Distribution Channel partners.  Primary responsibilities include:   • Develop and lead execution of domestic sales channel strategy. • Lead the new business development activities and tactical plans of regional sales managers, independent sales representatives and distribution channel partners. • Work with the other executive team members to develop the Company’s strategic plan, initiatives and integrated activities to support that plan. • Develop recommendations for product pricing programs and practices that align with channel strategy and companies financial goals. • Develop annual sales plans & budgets.  • Work with distribution partners to lead market development plans and annual sales plans. • Continuously evaluate the performance of sales reps and distribution partners. • Contribute to the development of new products by providing insight into customer requirements and business opportunities. • Work with marketing resources to ensure that the marketing materials support the customer value proposition as well as the needs of the sales channel. Desired Skills and Experience The Channel Sales Manager must be a proven highly effective leader with well-honed business skills and a demonstrable track record of meeting or exceeding sales goals and building market share.  This position requires a minimum of 5 years of technical sales management experience in a related industry with a manufactured product with similar market dynamics and distribution channels.  Experience directly in EV charging equipment industry is an advantage but is not required.  Qualified candidates will possess a sufficiently strong technical background to communicate effectively on technical product matters and needs, both internally and with customers.  The ideal candidate will have a broad business background with an understanding of customer relations, product specifications and market conditions that affect the competitive nature when dealing with technical products.    The successful candidate will have a proven track record of successfully developing and implementing both strategic and tactical sales plans, ideally in an organization known for growth and charting new directions in their industry.  An undergraduate degree (engineering a plus) is required; advanced degree desired.  Additional qualifications include:   • Distribution channel sales experience, including developing and managing regional distributors and manufacturer’s representatives, with a demonstrated expertise in developing sales channels. • Prior experience with, and affinity for, an independent representative sales organization. • Thorough understanding of the sales cycle; a closer as well as a manager who can help others close opportunities.   • Strong project management skills and a proven ability to execute quickly and effectively. • Background working with and supporting a team in a fast paced, results oriented environment. • Proven track record in leading cross-functional teams to achieve business results. • Strategic approach to understanding customers and their needs and positioning the company’s products advantageously with regard to those needs. • International experience is a plus. • Background in equipment costing and price setting in an environment with orders that are engineered and custom-built; solid understanding of product margins. • Strong computer skills, including both the Office suite of applications as well as CRM systems.  COMPENSATION: Base salary, plus commission package. Benefits include health care and 401k.  TO APPLY: Send cover letter, resume, and salary history.
4031:supervising-job	*Terminal Manager* needed to run a fleet of 25-40 trucks.  We are a very large and growing company with many terminals throughout the U.S.  Our facilities are located near major rail and port terminals.  We are looking for an experienced *Terminal Manager* to join our team.    Successful candidates would possess the following skills or basic requirements: • Must be Solutions Driven and Results Oriented • Creative and able to “think outside the box” • Owner operator following would be a plus • Basic computer skills are necessary, including knowledge of MS Outlook and Excel, being familiar with *TMW* or Turnpike is also helpful • Able to efficiently multi-task in a fast-paced environment • Solid attention to detail • Must be customer focused • Possess a positive attitude • Promote a team environment with other team members, including all drivers • Excellent communications skills, both written and verbal • Experience running a large trucking fleet in the Intermodal, Railroad, Steamship Container industry is a must • Flexibility to work as needed  We offer an outstanding compensation package and offer the following benefits:  401(k) plan, paid time off, medical, dental, life insurance and potential annual bonus.  For immediate consideration, please submit your resume, including your salary history and/or requirements.  ** MUST BE AN EXPERIENCED MANAGER WITH INTERMODAL TRUCKING BACKGROUND **
4062:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed	Augusta Sportswear, Inc., based in Augusta, Georgia is a manufacturer / distributer of team sportswear, athletic wear, outer wear, and accessories with multiple divisions within the United States, is seeking a Director of Customer Care.  The primary role of the position is to direct and manage activities of the Customer Care Department by performing the following duties:    Duties and Responsibilities:  • Prepare and implement standardized procedures to improve efficiency of the department.  • Prepare and manage departmental budgets.  • Analyze and address department reports provided by Supervisors.  • Issue written and oral instructions.  • Interview, hire, and dismiss department employees as necessary.  • Address any employee grievances.  • Address any unsatisfied customer complaints/issues.  • Monitor Customer Service Representatives to assist in responding to customer inquiries and complaints.  • Build and maintain business relationship with customers by providing prompt and accurate service.  • Solicit sales for additional merchandise.  • Support Sales in product and literature department.  • Support Sales in trade show and customer visits as necessary.  • Communicate with other departments any product or sales trends from customer calls.  • Ability to communicate expectations and hold individuals accountable to established performance metrics.    Supervisory Responsibilities:  Manage subordinate supervisors who in-turn supervise approximately 40 employees in the Customer Care Department.  Responsible for the overall direction, coordination, and evaluation of this unit.  Carry out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization’s policies and applicable laws. Responsible for interviewing, hiring, and training employees; planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding and disciplining employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems.    Skills/Qualifications:  Bachelor’s degree or equivalent from four-year College or technical school; or three to five years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.     Computer skills:    Familiar with ERP software.  Proficient in Microsoft Office application.     Teamwork: Exhibits objectivity and openness to others’ views. Gives and welcomes feedback. Contributes to building a positive team spirit. Able to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives. Supports everyone’s efforts to succeed.       We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and a Drug-Free Workplace.  Qualified candidate must be able to pass a Criminal Background Screening.     Qualified applicants forward resume, salary history, and salary requirements.
4070:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Through your passion of front end development you will turn mock ups into working web pages.  *Local Applicants only*  -3+ years PHP experience -CSS experience -Wordpress/Content Management System experience -Excellent attention to detail -Appreciation for design
4092:supervising-job	Capital City Club Brookhaven is an exclusive, private country club located in Buckhead. Our club offers our membership the use of an exquisite Grand Ballroom as well as several other smaller private function rooms that can support lunch or dinner events, meetings, rehearsal dinners, cocktail receptions, wedding receptions, or business meetings,as well as several dining rooms.   The Banquet Supervisor (Captain) will be responsible for supervising our staff during banquet functions and ensuring the event is executed according to the BEO.  Our goal is to exceed our member's expectations each and every time they enter the club.  Qualified applicants will have previous experience in a large hotel or private club's banquet/dining room department and a desire to lead a team and motivate them daily to perform at the highest service level.   We offer an excellent benefits package including paid vacations and holidays, health, life, dental, and vision plans, and a 401(k) with a company match.    The ideal candidate will have:  • Previous banquet club or hotel experience, preferably in a supervisory role • The ability to communicate effectively • Excellent customer service skills with emphasis on attention to detail • Be available to work varied shifts, weekends, and holidays • Proficiency in Microsoft office software  If you would like to join our team and become part of our rich tradition serving our members for more than 130 years, please send your resume now.
4102:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job salary full-time-job	Sales Representative PMAUSA – Oklahoma City, OK Sales Representative Territory Accounts Manager -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Washington National's largest American marketing company, PMAUSA, is looking for 1 or 2 Territory Accounts Managers who have the desire to earn a good living, work a flexible schedule, and help our current customers (local farmers, ranchers, and small business owners) at the same time. This is an outside Consumer Consultation/Sales position with rapid advancement to Management. STABILITY: In business since 1911 LARGE LOCAL CUSTOMER BASE: For servicing current accounts, marketing our products, and gaining referrals to grow the rural area in North Oklahoma. You will also be involved our process of expanding the current territory's clientele ultimately resulting in a District Manager opportunity for qualified Account Managers within the next few months. 4 DAY WORK WEEK: Monday through Thursday in the field with Friday through Sunday off WE WILL TRAIN YOU: Insurance/financial planning experience preferred but not required for consideration $60,000 - $80,000+ 1st year depending on experience and ability to follow our very successful consultant/sales system QUALIFICATIONS: Must be able to pass drug and background check - no misdemeanors or felonies.  *Stable work history Management potential within 3-6 months *Leadership ability *Excellent interpersonal skills *Ability to train others *2+ years sales experience *Professional demeanor  *Willingness to learn  *Strong work ethic - this is a full time position requiring 40+hrs a week; Mon.-Thurs.  *Self-motivated  *Reliable transportation, valid drivers license The details concerning position responsibilities, compensation and our current clientele will be thoroughly discussed in detail in your first interview with our State Manager.
4105:supervising-job	RAN CDMA Manager (Technical Lead) for Samsung:  The position will report to Director RAN Management in the Engineering organization.  Position is located in Herndon, VA office.  ________________________________________________________________  JOB REQUIREMENTS:  •Leadership experience with RAN design & development.  •Detailed knowledge in CDMA/EVDO air interface, NW architecture, protocols and procedures.  •Self-motivated, ability to identify and drive customer issues with least supervision.  •Excellent communication skills to interact with customer representing Systems engineering team.  •Strong troubleshooting skills to actively lead commercial network escalation calls in front of customer.   •Ability to understand commercial network performance, KPIs, parameters and feature impact on performance.  •Introduce creative solutions, enhancements/fixes to address NW issues and enhance NW performance.  •Experience in Systems Engineering to analyze requirements and guide teams to do high level designs.     EMAIL resumes to shabeen.j ATworldlink-us.com
4112:supervising-job	Beyond the Stars Performing Arts Academy is brand new positive, upbeat & family friendly performing arts school located in Willowbrook, IL. Beyond the Stars provides quality dance, theatre and voice to many Chicagoland suburbs including Willowbrook, Hinsdale, Oakbrook, Downers Grove, Burr Ridge and other surrounding areas. We’re proud to offer a full schedule of dance classes, theatre classes and voice lessons!  Beyond the Stars is searching for theatre instructors!  Theatre Instructor Candidates • Instructors will teach theatre classes that range in age from 7 to 18 • Instructors needed to teach theatre camps and build a class syllabus based on the skill set of the students • Instructors needed for afternoon and evening classes • Instructors are needed for summer as well as more permanent positions in the fall • Must be able to teach theatre techniques & fundamentals • Must have prior theatre experience  Further qualifications include: • All employees must pass a criminal background check before hire. Safety is our #1 priority! • Must have a great personality • Must be dependable • Must have good team working abilities  We look forward to hearing from you!
4116:bs-degree-needed full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	General Manager  We are looking for an outgoing, experienced individual to join our team as the General Manager of one of our Subway restaurants. This position will be responsible for directing the daily operations of the restaurant, and operating it in accordance with prescribed policies and practices. The individual we hire will make the key decisions for the restaurant they manage.  Principal Duties and Responsibilities General Manager:  Plan and ensure the professional growth & development of the Management team and crew members. Assess all restaurant employees’ performance via regular performance reviews and ongoing training and coaching. Demonstrate and train superior customer service skills to guarantee guest satisfaction. Coordinate and lead restaurant-level meetings, and attend managerial meetings and courses for continued development. Understand the restaurant’s budget in planning, staffing, marketing, and sales objectives. Complete full weekly inventory and food orders, as well as daily cash management functions (cash reports, deposits etc., in its entirety) Complete weekly schedule for all restaurant personnel, considering proper staffing levels for seasons and peak business periods. Know and manage compliance with federal, state and local labor laws and ensure the restaurant is completing regular safety / cleaning / operations checklists to guarantee guest satisfaction and readiness for restaurant inspections. Oversee daily maintenance of all equipment, stock areas, sales areas, building and grounds. Conduct random morning, afternoon, and evening visits to ensure compliance with store policies and procedures.  Job Specifications General Manager: Knowledge, skills and abilities normally required for successful performance for this position:  2+ years experience in a food service/retail environment 2 or 4 year degree, or equivalent work experience Strong interpersonal and leadership skills Judgment, tact, and diplomacy to effectively resolve conflicts as a General Manager Intermediate PC skills - ability to use basic word processing and spreadsheet software for internal communications and data analysis
4122:supervising-job full-time-job	JRINK Juicery is the first cold-pressed juice bar in Washington DC.  Our first storefront is now open in Dupont Circle.  We are seeking a strong team player to join our growing team.  The ideal candidate will have an entrepreneurial spirit and think and act like an owner when managing the business. He/she will be proactive and solutions oriented in order to drive continuous improvement in all aspects of operations.  If you love juice as much as we do and are interested in being a part of a growing team and company, you are looking at the right place.  A standard requirement, no matter the role, is that you must enjoy being and working around cool interesting people.   *RESPONSIBILITIES:* * Inventory management * Helping educate and inform the customers with their juicing needs. * Working in store and off site \"pop up\" events  *WORK HOURS* Monday-Thursday: 8AM-8PM Friday: 8AM-4PM Saturday-Sunday: 10AM-4PM We would discuss your availability and fit you into our schedule  *CANDIDATE PROFILE:* The ideal candidate possesses: * Leadership skills/great work ethic * Able to work in a fast paced environment * A passion for food and restaurant operations and a desire to make an impact on customers and team members. * Has a can-do work ethic and the ability to take initiative on projects. * Ability to champion a strong understanding and appreciation of fresh raw and unpasteurized juice, and reinforce this understanding to his/her team. * Ability to stand on feet for an extended period of time.
4125:salary 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Bluestone Properties is searching for a talented property management professional to join their team at their apartment community in Nashville. Ideal candidate must have 2-3 Property management experience, have amazing leasing skills and be able to provide top of the line customer service.  Yardi experience a plus!   Bluestone Properties owns 20+ properties across the Central/Midwest in 7 states and growing! We offer an excellent benefit package that includes paid holidays, paid time off, medical, dental and vision insurance, disability benefits, prescription drug coverage, employee assistance program and apartment discount available. Please send your resume with salary requirements to be considered for this position. EOE   **Please no walk-ins or phone calls. Please send your *resume and salary requirements* via this posting.  *Please ONLY qualified candidates with the required experience.*
4135:supervising-job salary bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job	Our Company is growing and we are looking to add a Senior Human Resource Generalist to our field operations team!    The primary focus of the Senior Generalist will be to develop and implement strategies, and be responsible for holistic Human Capital support of our current restaurant locations as well as implementation of our long-term plan for our New Store Openings.  Responsibilities:  Recruitment • Develops and executes regional staffing plan to ensure both internal and external pipeline of management and store candidates to meet the demands of projected growth • Analyzes local labor market and identifies special market dynamics to develop sourcing and hiring tactics, ensures all hiring decision makers abide to the Company hiring objectives  Employee Relations • Coaches and advises the leadership team on performance management  issues such as  hiring, associate performance, career and personal development, resolving associate concerns, and termination • Investigates associate complaints and disputes • Solves routine problems in HR; takes initiative to modify procedures and processes as appropriate • Partners in the facilitation of People Planning to evaluate internal candidates and identify high potential associates • Conducts field visits, interviews, and exit interviews to understand opportunities for improved retention • Conducts/facilitates local training and development sessions as needed • Follows up consistently with new hires to ensure adequate and proper training.  Qualifications: • Bachelor’s Degree or HR designation is a must • 5+ years of HR experience including strong recruiting and employee relations, preferably in a casual dining/Bar restaurant environment with multi-state experience • Knowledge of Federal regulations affecting hiring practices (OFCCP, EEO, and Affirmative Action) • Demonstrates solid understanding of employment laws • Professional presence; polished communication skills and proven ability to effectively deal with senior level management • Self-motivated and self-disciplined. Able to work independently with minimal supervision • Excellent listening and assessment skills • Confidence and ability to influence others, facilitate processes, and coach/advise managers • Ability to travel up to 25% of the time, if needed • Bilingual in Spanish preferred (but not required.)  We are an equal opportunity employer that offers a competitive salary and benefits package
4145:supervising-job ms-or-phd-needed full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	*Applicants must be NC licensed, provisionally licensed, or eligible for licensure in Area of Practice at time of hire.*    *RESPONSIBILITIES:*    * Under indirect supervision, provides, oversees, and/or administers a wide range of psychosocial evaluation/assessment, diagnostic, counseling therapy, crisis intervention services in a high intensity clinical environment which requires a high degree of independent decision-making.    * Position will provide clinical assessment, evaluation, and intervention skills to Mental Health consumers that are treated with individual, family, and/or group therapy in an outpatient setting; provide case management/supportive services for disposition of cases.  * Service delivery for MH and SA may also involve consultation with various community stakeholder agency staff, law enforcement, family members or support network as deemed necessary or clinically appropriate.    * Provides indirect services with a variety of stakeholders from whom services are received or needed by consumers to insure appropriate coordination for transition of services to or from another provider agency.     *EDUCATION, TRAINING & EXPERIENCE:*   * Doctorate degree in Psychology, or Master’s degree in Social Work, Counseling, or Marriage/Family Therapy from an accredited college or university.    * Two or more years experience working as a paid professional therapist.    * *Applicants must be NC licensed, provisionally licensed, or eligible for licensure in Area of Practice at time of hire.*   * LCSW and LCAS staff is expected to complete first evaluation training and provide first evaluations in the community.    * Psychologist staff is expected to provide first evaluations in the community.   * Fully licensed applicants preferred.    *WORK SCHEDULE:*  Monday – Friday; 40 hour workweek with flexibility to complete an voluntary/involuntary placement.  Center hours of operation:  8:00am – 5:00pm; M-F    *VALID (NC) Drivers License* and good driving record will be required.  Criminal and driving records checked.    Federal Loan Repayment Program Available    *All applicants must fully complete, sign and date a Daymark application. Handwritten signatures are required on our application pages 3 & 4.*    *Please Download a Daymark Application (Adobe PDF format) at www.example.com and fax it to  XXX  or email.*
4146:5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job	*Position Summary* Solution Architects work with our design team and clients to understand, document, scope, and execute projects.  They are adept at gathering and understanding requirements, proposing logical and physical architectural directions, able to do proof of concepts as well as be an individual contributor to delivering a project.   They are team leaders, mentors, and thought leaders in development best practices.  *Requirments* * Solution Architects have at least 8-10 years of development history with demonstrable experience in architecting and designing non-trivial systems * CS/MIS Degree or equivalent is a plus * 5+ years of .NET Experience using C# * ASP.NET MVC 3+ and WebForms  * Excellent Object Oriented (OO) Analysis and Design Skills * Database design/modeling/programming (SQL Server) * Test Driven Development, mocking frameworks, IoC, dependency injection  * Good understanding of creating service layers using both WebAPI and WCF * Front end development using HTML5, CSS, JavaScript and a responsive design framework like bootstrap * Client side JavaScript framework like Knockout, AngularJS, or Backbone * NServiceBus * Couchbase * MSBuild * VB.NET * NHibernate * MVC, LINQ, IoC / DI, Agile, Continuous Integration, previous consulting experience. * C# / .NET experts, we also do work in other languages (Ruby, Python, Java for Android, ObjectiveC for iOS)  *Primary Job Responsibilities* * Individual contributor (code) * Lead a team of developers * Perform Code reviews * Work with design team during discovery phase to understand project requirements * Supply architectural guidance and ensure best practices are being followed * Assist in scoping projects * Assist in writing statements of works * Assist project manager or have light project management duties * Assist with sales calls/business development   Local candidates please.  About the Company: As one of the fastest growing companies in the US, projekt202 is the world leader in applying design research to the development of mobile, web, and workplace software. The company is actively changing the way people interact with technology around the world. Recognized by Gartner for setting the standard for the way modern businesses develop software, projekt202 builds emotionally rich and intuitive solutions that enable customers and end-users to access the full potential of technology in today’s connected world.   projekt202 has spent the last ten years creating and bringing to market compelling experiences through Experience Strategy & Design Research, Interaction & Visual Design, Application Development, and Digital Marketing. For more information, visit www.example.com or find us on example@example.com
4147:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	*References Required*   *Requirements*:  * Bachelors in a relevant field of study (i.e. Marketing, Computer Science, Business, Design, Engineering, Liberal Arts) or proven experience as a Senior Digital Marketing Strategist *  Proven, large-scale digital marketing project experience * Consulting services experience and, or, significant external partner/client management experience * Level: Senior level, 7-10+ years * Positive attitude, proactive and helpful * Solid analytical, quantitative, verbal, written and listening skills * Impressive interpersonal skills * Outstanding organizational skills and ability to motivate people * Experience with online analytics tools (e.g. Google Analytics, Omniture, Coremetrics, Web Trends, ClickTracks, etc.) * Hands-on Search Marketing & Online Advertising experience with the ability to create, monitor and optimize campaigns based on analytical evidence  * Ability to multitask, manage multiple accounts, take direction and execute with precision * Ability to adhere to deadlines while managing multiple projects * Ability to cultivate meaningful relationships and work effectively with clients and internal teams * Proven results from working on lead generation/acquisition based clients  *Position Summary* The Senior Digital Marketing Strategist is responsible for creating, implementing, and managing all the key functions associated with projekt202's digital marketing service offerings.  Our core competencies include Paid Search (SEM/PPC), Search Engine Optimization (SEO), Content Marketing, Display, Social Media, Affiliate Marketing, Lead Generation, E-Commerce, E-mail Marketing, and more.   Our ideal candidate will have great account management skills, a strong analytical approach to digital marketing, hands on experience ideating and implementing digital marketing projects and most importantly, a creative and collaborative approach to getting work done.  In addition, familiarity with Design Research, User Experience Design, Conversion/Landing Page Optimization, and Reporting and Analytics are also required.   *Responsibilities* * Define, Create, and Manage our Client’s Digital Marketing Projects: * Assist with pre-sales to define and create digital marketing solutions. * Manage the complete lifecycle of projects ensuring they complete on-scope, on-time and on-budget. * Drive communications with internal projekt202 team and clients via regular status meetings, key milestone reviews and ad-hoc meetings and project escalations as needed * Constantly assess and evaluate project velocity, results, quality and expectations through the eyes of the client and coordinate course corrections to ensure high client satisfaction * Create clear role and responsibility understanding for each projekt202 and client team member to ensure alignment of work tasks, accountability and address key responsibility gaps with projekt202 and client leadership  * Document all key decisions, scope changes, personnel updates, risks and mitigation plans * Participate in internal training, communication, planning and update meetings  * Implement an effective escalation program to ensure high quality delivery by addressing concerns, removing obstacles and providing transparent and productive communication * Establish strong relationships with the client at multiple levels of the organization to ensure alignment, agreement and support across the companies * Create weekly reports to inform the client and the projekt202 team of the efficacy of ongoing campaigns and projects.  Key Relationships: • General Manager • VP Digital Marketing  • Director of Operations • Chief Experience Officer • Chief Technology Officer • Director of Digital Marketing   Reports To: General Manager and VP Digital Marketing  About the Company: As one of the fastest growing companies in the US, projekt202 is the world leader in applying design research to the development of mobile, web, and workplace software. The company is actively changing the way people interact with technology around the world. Recognized by Gartner for setting the standard for the way modern businesses develop software, projekt202 builds emotionally rich and intuitive solutions that enable customers and end-users to access the full potential of technology in today’s connected world.   projekt202 has spent the last ten years creating and bringing to market compelling experiences through Experience Strategy & Design Research, Interaction & Visual Design, Application Development, and Digital Marketing. For more information, visit www.example.com or find us on example@example.com
4151:salary 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Alliances Management is a U.S.-based professional services and consulting firm with staff around the globe. We work with world-class organizations such as Visa, eBay, EMVCo, and GlobalPlatform.   Alliances Management is currently looking to hire a full-time Web & IT Manager. The chosen individual will be based remotely and will support company and client personnel with website updates, IT management, graphic design, and implementation of technical policies.  Annual compensation for this opportunity will be in the range of $60,000 depending on skill level and relevant experience.  Responsibilities:   Website Design & Updates (50% of time) – Candidate will support Alliances Management clients by updating client websites, including text edits, addition or removal of documents, additions or removal of pages, and basic graphic updating. This also includes management of email distribution lists and sending HTML-formatted emails.  Member & IT Support (25% of time) – Candidate will support clients by establishing new user accounts, onboarding new participants, updating passwords, and more. Candidate will also be asked to provide basic-level IT support, including creating email accounts, establishing forwarding or aliases in various control panels, managing Company’s online backup policy, and troubleshooting PCs as required.   Graphic Design (10% of time) – Candidate will be asked to modify existing graphics, format documents, and assist both company and client personnel with graphical requirements. This may involve working with outside designers for more complex projects.  Strategic Projects (15% of time) – The Web & IT Manager will be responsible for implementing new Company policies, such as selection of collaboration software, selection of backup plans; making recommendations for future IT decisions; and producing documentation to summarize Company or client IT circumstances.  Requirements & Skills:  • Proficiency with HTML and CSS • Familiar with using FTP clients • Adobe Dreamweaver (or similar HTML editor) knowledge required • Knowledge of Wordpress, including template customization, and the ability to learn custom CMS’s • Experience with Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop • Nice to have: Knowledge of PHP, MySQL, ASP, and Adobe InDesign • 5+ years’ experience and success with web, design, and related responsibilities • Ability to work well in a “matrix” organization that requires answering to different managers and working with individuals across different parts of the company • Familiarity and experience working with business professionals from different cultural backgrounds • Extreme attention to detail • Positive attitude and a team player—both with managers and colleagues  How to Apply  In the body of your application, explain why you are the right candidate for the opportunity. Please be specific. Please also include salary history/expectations, any additional information you would like us to know, and any questions that you have.  As Alliances Management is a virtual company, all employees work from home. The Web & IT Manager will do the same while employed by Alliances Management, based in Silicon Valley, California. In order to meet company requirements to manage client projects, the selected candidate will ordinarily need to work U.S. hours (8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. U.S. Pacific Time); however, there will be times when it will be critical to work alternative hours in order to meet client expectations.   In everything we do, we place our clients’ needs first. Visit www.example.com to learn more.
4153:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed	*About the Company:* This specialty retailer has stores around the country and is opening new stores this year.  We sell big ticket hardline products in an upscale environment.  The Merchandise Planner position will be based out of our corporate offices in the DC market, but the opportunity exists to work at times from a home office.   *Position Overview:* The Planner is responsible for planning and tracking sales and stock levels of key items and providing purchase timing and quantity recommendations to the buyers.    *Duties and Responsibilities:* * Analyzes sales and store performance in order to determine inventory orders, replenishment priorities and stock allocation. * Analyzes inventory performance in order to place container product orders. * Develops, maintains and analyzes stock levels for stores and warehouses. * Manages new product launch inventory plans, including sales projections, floor model orders and back-stock orders. * Manages Open-to Buy plans, strategies and tasks to maintain inventory stock levels. * Executes merchandise strategy for stores, processes transfer requests and monitors inventory requests. * Generates reports including the rolling forecast report, inventory turns report, and inventory flow update report by store and by vendor.  Also performs ad hoc analysis and reporting as needed. * Ensures the merchandise system is effectively utilized and makes recommendations to improve analysis and reporting. * Assists in refining and implementing merchandise structure changes. * Manages the SKU creation process.  * Assists Buyer with assortment plans based on store profiles and recommends SKU reductions when appropriate. * Evaluates merchandise tests. * Reports on rebate status for all vendors. * Follows up with vendors on quantity issues (DOA) after delivery. * Processes inventory returns and exchanges for stores. * Identifies opportunities and communicates recommendations. * Assists with other corporate projects and functions as assigned.  *Position Qualifications:* * Minimum two (2) years in retail planning and allocation and/or merchandise analysis experience. * Superior attention to detail. * Ability to work independently, organize tasks effectively, think creatively, and address and resolve challenges. * Willingness to accept ownership of projects and take initiative toward their successful completion. * Extensive experience with planning tools, Microsoft Excel or Lotus Data query tool. * Effective verbal and written communication skills. * Ability to work effectively in a rapidly changing environment. * Ability to interface with all levels of associates in a professional manner. * College degree required.
4159:salary supervising-job	Lancaster based property management company, specializing in the management of homeowner and condominium associations, is looking to hire a property manager.    *Job duties and requirements:*  * manage a portfolio of properties located in South Central PA.  * possess strong customer service skills in dealing with the community needs and residents, board members, vendors; enforce regulations  * prepare budgets and process financial matters  * attend board meetings (day or evening)    *Candidate must:*   * work under little supervision  * be able to take initiative  * be well organized   * have strong computer skills  * be detail oriented  * be able to speak in front of large groups     *Prior property management or real estate experience is REQUIRED.*     Candidates should submit a resume/application with salary requirements.
4162:2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Looking for an person who has experience as a manager and also working in a kennel. YOU MUST HAVE EXPERIENCE IN A DOG KENNEL AND HAVE MANAGING EXPERIENCE TO BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS JOB.  Duties will include but are not limited to, managing kennel staff, scheduling, and keeping up a clean and safe kennel environment.  You will  be medicating dogs, exercising, cleaning and disinfecting kennel and watching the overall health and behaviors of our boarders. Must be able to work morning and evening shifts, holidays and weekends. This job requires a love for dogs, a willingness to work hard and fast and an ability to get along with animals and fellow team members.We have 80 indoor/outdoor kennels. Reliable transportation is a must. 4 years + experience preferred. Please contact us at  XXX  or stop by at  6741 Klein Cemetary Road Spring, Texas 77379  Ask for Kelli
4177:supervising-job full-time-job	Do you have exceptional administrative skills and want leadership responsibilities to grow your career?  Do you want to work in a culture of respect and caring where you are appreciated for the hard work you provide?  Do you want to be a part of the leadership team that sets the tone of caring?  If so, FirstLight HomeCare in McHenry might the right fit for you.    FirstLight HomeCare is an independently owned and operated franchise that provides non-medical care in the homes of seniors and disabled adults.  We are seeking an organized, bright, efficient, and compassionate individual with administrative experience in the home care industry.      We have a full-time growth opportunity for the right person whose main responsibilities would be:    • Handle incoming calls with clients, caregivers, candidates and vendors  • Responsible for A/R, A/P, payroll and all other day to day bookkeeping  • Hire and supervise caregivers  • Assist in coordination of care for client services  • Report changes in client condition to agency employees involved in client’s care  • Perform initial and ongoing in-home evaluation and supervision of services  • Facilitate orientation and training  • Participate in the quality assurance reviews and evaluations of the agency’s services    QUALIFICATIONS:    • H.S. Diploma or GED, college degree preferred  • Previous supervisory or recruiting experience preferred  • Prior scheduling experience, a plus  • Proven organizational skills  • Excellent computer skills including, but not limited to, MS Office Suite   • Have a sympathetic attitude toward the care of the sick and elderly  • Strong verbal and written communications  • Ability to work outside regular work hours at times    If you have a passion for excellence, driven to succeed, and looking for a career; submit your resume.
4187:2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job salary full-time-job	*Job Description*  *About Freddy Frozen Custard & Steakburgers*  Join the 5th fastest growing restaurant chain in the United States as recognized by Chain Store Guide and Technomics. In 2013, Freddy’s was again named among Entrepreneur Magazine’s “Franchise 500®” and repeated its recognition by QSR® magazine as one of four “Rising Stars” in the Best Franchise Deals issue. In 2012, besides Entrepreneur Magazine’s recognition for that year, Freddy’s was included among Inc. Magazine’s 500/5000 list of “Fastest Growing Private Companies”, Franchise Times® Magazine’s “Next 300 Franchise Chains” and Business Insider’s “8 Better Burger Chains Poised to Conquer America. Freddy’s, as it is affectionately called, offers a unique combination of cooked-to-order steakburgers, Chicago dogs, and other savory items along with its signature desserts prepared with premium frozen custard made fresh throughout the day. Find out more about Freddy’s by visiting www.example.com  *About HCI Hospitality*  You could be a part of one of the fastest growing restaurant management companies in the Midwest. This 700-employee company manages national, regional and local concepts for investors in Kansas, Nebraska, Iowa, and Texas.  HCI employees grow their career in an environment of solid investor relationships, low managerial turnover and high staff engagement. You can enjoy profitable restaurants to manage while having top shelf benefits, excellent base compensation, and a fair bonus program aimed at long term growth and security. Find out more about HCI by going to www.example.com  *Being a General Manager at Freddy's*  The General Manager position is the highest level of management within a single store. The GM is responsible for leading, mentoring, and advising the management team and staff to the successful execution of the restaurant. The GM teaches fellow managers restaurant fundamentals such as achieving objectives in sales, costs, hospitality, and employee retention. The GM oversees the entire operation, staffing, and financial performance of the restaurant including having an understanding of the store's progress and having strategic vision for its future development.  *Benefits*  As one of the fastest growing restaurant management companies in the mid-west we offer top benefits that help us retain quality mangers in the market.  It all begins with great training at the top store in the area.  There you will learn everything you need to know to run a successful restaurant the Freddy’s way.  Training starts with learning all the stations in the restaurant.  Then you will learn the necessary manager functions of your position.  Those may include interviewing, scheduling, making a food order, counting inventory, and understanding weekly reports.  We also offer a competitive salary that starts the first day you begin training.  Once you have completed training you will begin receiving quarterly bonuses that are 100% performance driven.  As well as a 401K program that includes a company match.  We know that time outside of work is important too.  At Freddy’s we are open from 10:30 AM to 10:00 PM during the week and 10:30 AM to 11:00 PM on Friday and Saturday.    This means no late nights or early mornings for our managers.  We also require our managers take 2 weeks of paid time off every year.  It is important to us that you get time to enjoy yourself.  Finally we offer great health and dental benefits as well as a life insurance policy and long term disability insurance.  We focus on offering you benefits that help you develop as a professional while still maintaining a great lifestyle away from the restaurant.    *Requirements*  * Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience * Minimum of 2 years of experience as salaried manager in full service, casual dining, or quick service restaurants * Record of maintaining high standards in restaurant cleanliness, sanitation, food quality, and guest satisfaction * Demonstrated leadership skills, including coaching, directing, and motivating a team * Some exposure to P&L and sales building highly desirable  Location:Durham, NC Employment Type:Full-Time Salary: $38,000.00 - $42,000.00
4189:ms-or-phd-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Partial Hospitalization Program Coordinator Education: Doctoral level clinical psychologist Experience: Five years experience treating trauma-related disorders utilizing evidence-based treatment protocols in an adult population. Experience with conducting groups. Management experience preferred. Certifications: Current Colorado state licensure, CPR & CPI per policy, Eligible for paneling with private, commercial, and other third-party insurances (TriCare, Cigna, Value Options, Military One Source, United Behavioral Health). Summary: Provides oversight and direction in the management of all clinical and operational issues for the Partial Hospital Program. Collaborates with the Medical Director, Managers and Directors to ensure coordination of treatment and compliance with policies and procedures. Provides directs behavioral health care services. Provide clinical supervision of the staff and program.  Participate in planning, development and implementation of programs and services.  Serve as a liaison between medical/professional staff and the CEO.  Submit reports to the governing body regarding clinical issues and critical events.  Develop and implement a peer review system.  Develop a quality assessment and improvement program, in coordination with medical/professional staff,  Assess staff learning needs and provide ongoing education/training. Coordinate with operations and billing staff to ensure appropriate billing.  Participate in the after-hours crisis line rotation.  Participate with the leadership team to ensure the program meets regulatory standards.
4190:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	Elite Waste Disposal is looking for a Fleet Manager who will manage the entire fleet, mechanic crew and all of the related paperwork in order to meet the growth and profit objectives of the company.  Applicant must have at least 5 years of experience as a Mechanic or Fleet Manager.  Please call  XXX  and answer the questions on the voice mail.  Subsequently, please forward your application and resume for consideration.
4200:supervising-job	Top Care Inc., a landscape management company, is looking for Lawn Care  Foreman for positions with our various branches across the St. Louis Metro Area. With Top Care you will be leading a crew of 3-5 men, mowing commercial properties with both zero-turn riders and walk-behind mowers. You will operate line trimmers, stick edgers, and backpack blowers. On the landscape side, you could be doing shrub pruning, cultivation, edging, mulching, and plant insalation. Compensation is based on experience. All foreman are required to have a class E license with a clean driving record. Experienced laborers with a class E license given consideration. Employment verification is required on all referrals. Applicants must pass a criminal background check. All drivers must pass the Authorization for Motor Vehicle Report (MVR). Applicants must have proof of legal authority to work in the U.S.
4208:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed salary full-time-job	Neighborhood pub serving a seasonal menu of local foods and craft beers is looking for a FOH/Bar Manager.  Will work with a small staff and a BOH Manager  Job Requirements  - A strong knowledge base of craft beer and well being well-versed in mixology.  - Strong passion for culinary excellence and guest service  - Working knowledge of Bar/Beverage Operations  - Proven ability to develop team  - Knowledge of systems, methods and processes that contribute to great execution  - Must have night and weekend availability  - Minimum 3 years experience in the restaurant industry  - Must be willing to work flexible hours  Salary+tips+ incentives
4209:bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	IMMEDIATE OPENING FOR THE FOLLOWING POSITION: EXPERIENCED  DIRECTOR OF NURSING - 3+ YEARS REQUIRED/BACHELORS DEGREE REQUIRED. The DON is responsible for upholding the standards of nursing care as established by the Nurse Practice Act, Psychiatric Standards of Nursing Policy and procedures and all other external governing and credentialing bodies.  Masters in Nursing Administration with previous Management and psychiatric is preferred. The minimal requirement is a Masters in Nursing or in lieu of a Master's degree, a Bachelors in Nursing and 3 years previous as a RN will be accepted. Competitive salary - Excellent Benefits - Health & Supplemental Insurance Options - 401k -Sign on Bonus. COMMITTED TO EXCELLENCE IN HEALTHCARE
4212:supervising-job part-time-job hourly-wage	Now Hiring a Manager to oversee, operate, and grow this local, well respected junk removal co.  This is not a desk job. In addition to administrative duties, you will be actively working on the trucks going into homes and business and loading and hauling their unwanted items.  Immediate opening. Avg. 32 hours per week.  This position starts at $11/hour plus tips. Incentives will be determined based on performance.  Traits we look for: Sales oriented. Leadership skills. Honest and reliable. Energetic. Customer service focused. Driven.  As manager, you will work on the trucks as well as perform office duties, marketing, truck management, sales and customer relations, hiring, and managing employee standards.   We go in to homes and businesses and remove furniture, appliances, household items, yard waste, and much more. We recycle, donate, and dispose of items removed.  We are looking for a clean cut individual with a good attitude and strong work ethic. Interacting with the customers is a BIG part of the job and great customer service skills are very important. We wear uniforms and pride ourselves on giving the customer the best possible experience.  Basic computer skills.   Clean driving record. VALID DL. Able to lift 75lbs+ repeatedly.  Non smokers preferred. No visible tattoos.  Visit our website to learn more www.example.com
4227:bs-degree-needed supervising-job full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	_Full Time – 1.0 FTE_  *Position Summary:*  * Assures that the hospital is provided with high quality, cost effective purchase, mail, print, distribution, transportation, warehouse, receiving and administrative services.     * Plans and implements processes in order to select and provide capital equipment and services in coordination with hospital administration.  *Position Responsibilities:* * Directs all activities of Material Management Department. * Directly supervises & provides a format for growth and development of hospital supply chain staff. * Oversees budget & procurement activities for both FWMC & Carolyn Boone Lewis Healthcare Center. * Directly manages capital equipment expenditures as determined by hospital administration and corresponding strategic plan. * Oversees hospital wide inventories of $80,000.  *Position Requirements:* * Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited college or university in Business Administration or related field.  * A Masters Degree in Business Administration or Healthcare Administration is preferred. * Five to seven years experience in hospital purchasing management REQUIRED
4228:supervising-job salary	Assistant Manager :  We are seeking an experienced professional restaurant manager with our established Sports Bar / Restaurant / Nightclub.   Arena Sports Bar-Grill-Nightclub is looking for an Experienced Sports Bar/Restaurant Assistant Manager    Part Time Experienced Manager   * Needed for high paced Restaurant & Sports Bar  * Excellent Customer Service Skills  * Good Leadership  * $30,000-$34,000  * Please forward Resume for this Position.  This is a great opportunity for the right person, our business is poised to continue to grow and we are looking for the right people to grow along with us.
4233:supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	company summary suki® skincare is creating a new consumer paradigm – a  shift toward a more conscious consumption of sustainable & healthful products. suki® is a multi-million dollar, international brand specializing in 100% pure, clinically-proven effective skincare products that embrace the philosophy of empowering people to define their innate beauty on their own terms & take their health & well-being into their own hands.  job summary the marketing manager will work closely with the director & manager of national sales, the CEO as well as the CSR manager, PR & our sales team to develop & implement the overarching marketing plan for suki® skincare. our successful marketing manager will bring experience, thoughtfulness & creativity with regard to digital marketing, retail & wholesale promotions & verbiage, social media, print & public relations including earned media, as well as develop highly structured & well-budgeted guerilla campaigns, while aggressively managing pr & publicity.   responsibilities • create & implement thoughtful, overarching & detailed marketing plan including retail & wholesale e-blasts & newsletters, owner & brand blog & all social media components, all consistent monthly, weekly, daily & on brand voice. • manage creative & content – marketing, promotions, blog, social networking, facebook, twitter, website, leaflets, creative brand writing of all types – working with brand founder & owner, designers & other in-house & commissioned staff • assist in creative events – promotions – including guerilla campaigns, trade shows assets & booth, product comparisons, in-store displays, events, press & editorial campaigns, ads, celebrity driven promotions & brand partnerships, catalog & product placement, photo shoot styling, brand & brand owner styling – anything creative to drive sales via /within the realm of marketing & design to web & brick & mortar, always with a targeted eye to budgets • review & vet promotional & marketing offers & coordinate cross-department for approval & execution – looking toward ROI • work within & track marketing budget; develop periodic reports / Google reviews • manage PR, ensuring deliverables, keeping them on track for brand & owner goals & providing them, as well as editorial with suki® assets (sometimes at a moment’s notice) • manage intern’s   • have holistic understanding of the web & be well-practiced in managing outside resources to complete web-related projects (much includes proof reading, looking for engineering errors, looking at usability, creative concepts for how to sell better, bring in new sales, VIP program, manage & motivate brand ambassadors, implement cutting edge digital, app & other programs)  • manage press reviews, imagery, organize FTP databases & websites, as well as varying levels of press management – for print, product sites, blogs, our books, trade shows, press releases, press book, digital & site.  • provide social media expertise that will expand brand presence in various channels • collaborate & complete research for owner’s blogs & print columns - including concepts, copy, headlines, product descriptions & names – as well as background for each article & fluff piece • copyedit & proofread  • delegation & prioritizing tasks is essential  qualifications: • minimum 5 years marketing management experience in beauty, skincare or related industry • excellent communication skills – verbal & written  • excellent organizational skills – excellent attention to detail & very well-organized • self-motivated—proven ability to set goals and meet them • proven ability to work under intense, definite timelines & deadlines with a strong sense of urgency & dedication • ability to work well with national & international partners • knowledge of computer platforms with proven experience in creative suites • professionalism, maturity & ability to work within a team & independently
4234:supervising-job bs-degree-needed	*Summary of Position:* Assures consistent quality of Ioxus Products by developing and enforcing the Quality Control Systems to be used in all phases of production. This includes management of the incoming, in-process and final inspection process.  *Essential Duties and Responsibilities:*  * Supervise and manage workers engaged in inspection and testing activities to ensure high productivity and high technical integrity. * Ensure that all policies and procedures are adhered to. * Achieves quality control operational objectives by contributing information and analysis to strategic plans and reviews; preparing and completing action plans; implementing production, productivity, quality, and customer-service standards; identifying and resolving problems; completing audits; determining system improvements; implementing change. * Meets quality control financial objectives by estimating requirements; preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions. * Manage the Incoming Inspection operations. Ensure Inspectors have all necessary tools for performing inspections and that inspections are done on a timely manner. Ensure that any non-conforming material is clearly identified and processed in a timely manner, including notification to purchasing and receiving personnel. * Develop and maintain a process for improved in-process checking at Ioxus. Work with Engineering and production to determine the necessary checkpoints for in-process checking, and develop the methods and tools to perform these measurements. Ensure recordkeeping of all in-process checks. * Manage the Final Inspection operations for all Product types. Ensure Inspectors have all necessary tools for performing inspections and that inspections are done in a timely manner. * Ensure that any non-conforming material is clearly identified and processed in a timely manner, including notification to Production Personnel. * Capability to perform all above inspections as necessary due to workload or attendance issues. * Monthly reporting on Quality Control Inspection results. * Oversee Gage Program. Develop plan for Gage program including all gages involved and frequency of Measurement Systems Analysis studies. Ensure that all gages used for production control have full Measurement Systems Analysis studies performed as required. * Perform other related duties as assigned by the supervisor.  *Education/Experience:*  * BS in Engineering, Science or related Discipline. * Management Experience in a manufacturing environment preferred. * Experience working in a Quality function.
4235:1-year-experience-needed supervising-job	As an Administrative Assistant you will be expected to act as part of the support services team and as such your job role may occasionally require you to help others complete their duties.  The organization has a computerized system that will require training for you to become proficient in its use.    Our company is growing and there is a great potential for growth. This is a great entry level position for a dedicated individual looking to grow within a company.    Qualifications  - Excellent Organization Skills - Professional Integrity - Proficient in Word and Outlook - Strong Excel Skills - Detail Oriented - Intelligent - Analytic  - Strong Customer Service - Self-Starter - Ability to Multi-Task   Requirements:  - 1 year of office experience -  Ability to successfully complete skills test (Math, Grammar, Typing & Excel skills) -  Microsoft Office Suite proficient -  Extensive knowledge of Excel (formulas and formatting a must)
4239:bs-degree-needed supervising-job	Payroll Coordinator Consigli Construction Co., Inc.  Consigli Construction Co., Inc, established in 1905, is a construction manager and general contractor serving academic, corporate, health science, federal, and institutional clients throughout New England and upstate New York. The Company, an industry leader in environmentally sound building practices, was recognized by the Boston Business Journal (2006-2011), the Boston Globe (2009-2011) and Maine Biz (2007-2011) as one of the Best Places to Work. The company has offices in Portland, Maine; Hartford, Connecticut; Williamstown, Massachusetts; with corporate headquarters in Milford, Massachusetts. For more information, visit www.example.com.  Summary of Position:   The Payroll Coordinator (Corporate) reports to the Assistant Controller and is responsible for processing all aspects of the Corporate Payroll in a timely, efficient and accurate manner.  Primary Responsibilities:  • Reviews and Processes the Corporate Payroll.  • Checks Corporate Timesheets • Cuts, Mails & Distributes Corporate Payroll Checks  • Maintains Corporate Personnel Files • Maintains & Tracks PTO Balances for Corporate Employees • Remits Weekly Taxes & Benefits • Produces & Remits Weekly Certified Payrolls  Additional Responsibilities:  • Produces & Remits Weekly & Monthly Union Reports • Produces Various Departmental Reports  Core Competencies:   Four Year Degree in Accounting or other Business Management  Proficient in Timberline Accounting Software (or equivalent)  Microsoft Office  Good Written and Oral Communications Skills, Strong Initiative, Problem Solving abilities  Measured By:   Customer Satisfaction  Accuracy and Timeliness of Payroll  Accuracy and Timeliness of Various Payroll Reporting  The Consigli Philosophy
4245:bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	We are looking for the best and brightest to join the team in Cupertino, California!  *Job Description* We are looking for an experienced Director of Marketing. Responsible for planning, development and implementation of ParStream’s marketing strategies, communications and public relations activities, both external and internal.  Directs the efforts of the marketing, communications and public relations staff and coordinates at the strategic and tactical levels with the other functions of ParStream.  *Scope of Role* * Developing and optimizing lead nurturing campaigns to ensure campaigns are executed on time and within budget * Ensuring all social media channels are in sync in terms of content, messages, and look and feel * Manage our presence at major conferences and industry events * Optimizing content for search engines and lead generation . * Writing instructional content including ebooks, use cases, fact sheets whitepapers, etc. * Tracking, altering and evaluating paid search strategies, reporting on paid search metrics, and tracking Google AdWords analytics  *Desired Skills and Expertise* * Demonstrated skills, knowledge and experience in the design and execution of marketing, communications and public relations activities * Knowledge and interest in SEO, SEM, blogs and analytics * Computer literacy in word processing, inbound marketing software, SalesForce * Minimum of 10-12 years experience in marketing, communications or public relations with demonstrated success in the tech industry * Bachelors degree in journalism, marketing, public relations preferred. Graduate degree in a related field is desirable  *We Offer* * Exciting and challenging position in a big data post-revenue startup * Attractive and competitive compensation package * International career opportunities in a lean organization * An attractive place to work in the very heart of Silicon Valley  *About Us* ParStream, the fastest real-time database for Big Data Analytics, provides immediate insights from massive, continuously growing amounts of data.  Based on unique, patented algorithms, ParStream, the #1 Big Data Company” (CIO.com) enables new types of applications and business model in ecommerce, telco, finance, retail and may other industries.  Based in Cupertino, and Cologne (Germany), ParStream is backed by prominent Khosla Ventures and other Silicon Valley investors and supported by leading database specialists (Don Haderle, Andy Palmer, Marie-Anne Neimat, Volker Markl).  For more information, visit www.example.com
4250:supervising-job	Pageant Recruitment Coordinator  Miss Sparkle Success Pageant – Lansing, MI   Miss Sparkle Success is looking for young and older women, student, parent, teacher, mom, grandmother, single or married to partner with us as Pageant Recruitment Coordinators in enhancing the image and potential in girls and young women ages 7-24. As Coordinator, one must have strong recruitment and leadership skills, passionate and able to inspire others to achieve their goals and dreams. Miss Sparkle provides teaching and training that enhances positive behaviors, confidence, character-building, personality, and etiquette practices. We focus on relationships, attitudes and educational stability in every girl who desires to make a difference in society.  Miss Sparkle Success Pageant is dedicated to changing the image of beauty by recognizing every girls inner beauty and potential. We target girls of all ages, ethnic backgrounds, abilities, sizes or religions. Our recruitment team of Coordinators are made up of students, parents, teachers, moms, and grandmothers. We believe it takes a village to inspire our young women to become their very best.   As Coordinator, one MUST be a Team Player; Must be able to work and motivate others; Must be able to Lead by example; Must be able to Recruit pageant participants; Must be willing to help coordinate the State Pageant; Must be able to distribute Pageant Information; Must remain active to keep her title as Pageant Coordinator; Must be willing to hold potential contestant gatherings. Coordinator will receive Monetary incentive for each girl who signs, and completes her registration in full. Please check us out on our Webpage, Miss Sparkle Success Pageant, click on our \"Calendar of Events\" page.
4277:salary 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job	Looking for a Store Manager with minimum two years experience with Dunkin Donuts or any other fast food chain , $52,000 a year + benefits . need to be early morning person.
4278:full-time-job supervising-job hourly-wage	looking for a few super friendly employees to be shift leader/assistant Managers for                  Dunkin Donut franchise stores Fort Lauderdale area.   50 hours a week at $10.10 in hour ( est. $555 weekly)
4282:supervising-job full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	JOB TITLE:  PRODUCTION MANAGER COMPANY:  Confidential LOCATION:  Metro Atlanta REPORTS TO:  OPERATIONS DIRECTOR DEPARTMENT:  MANUFACTURING  POSITION SUMMARY: Directs and manages production employees in a manufacturing and assembly environment. Coordinates operations for assigned department(s) to ensure manufacturing objectives are accomplished in a timely and cost effective manner. Supports and implements policies and procedures, recommends improvements in production methods, equipment, operating procedures and working conditions.   We are looking for an individual that has a passion for and experience leading people and managing processes through operations, and an individual that can gain credibility as a trusted leader and business partner. The right candidate has business acumen and a passion for making a difference in the business. He/She must have the ability to drive processes across a system, see trends and analyze data. Candidates for this role should be strong communicators who can act as catalysts for building organizational effectiveness and efficiency.    The candidate must have excellent leadership, project management, communication, presentation and interpersonal skills. The individual should have experience in dealing individuals at multiple levels of the organization. Key to success in the position and the company is to “live” the culture and core values of the Company.   ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS INCLUDE: • Ensures effective employee relations. Provides employee coaching and development. Makes employment decisions. Resolves employee issues through problem resolution. • Balances quality, productivity, cost, safety and morale to achieve positive results in all areas. Works to continuously improve in all areas  • Manages departmental performance measures, including visual controls and provides regular progress reports as defined.  • Owns safety performance of assigned areas and ensures safe working environments and adherence to company expectations for environment, health and safety programs.  • Maintains proper inventory levels. • Manages department priorities within scope of overall plant objectives. • Assure that operations are conducted in accordance with the Code of Ethics and Standards of Business Conduct and applicable law and regulation; take lead roles in corrective action necessary to restore conformity with ethical and compliance standards; serve as role model and actively foster employee awareness of and commitment to the Code. • Performs other various duties as may be assigned.   JOB SPECIFICATIONS: • High School diploma required; Bachelor's degree preferred in Management, Business Administration or a related field. • Minimum of 3-5 years’ of progressive manufacturing experience and responsibilities, experience must include supervisory experience in a manufacturing environment. • Leadership: a demonstrated ability to lead people and get results through others.  • Planning: an ability to develop and execute effective action plans to achieve results.  • Supervision, including employee hiring and retention, performance review and discipline.  • Employee training and development.  • Measurement of performance to goals and standards.  • An ability to balance and achieve positive results in the areas of safety, quality, productivity, inventory management, cost and employee relations.  • Literate in production scheduling and inventory control. • Systems and continuous improvement orientation.  • Quality orientation and attention to detail.  • Demonstrated ability to analyze problems drive to sustainable resolution.  • Strong interpersonal and communication skills.  • An ability to manage multiple priorities and adapt to changing situations..  • Strong team player.  • Strong interpersonal and negotiation skills, with the ability to establish and maintain effective working relationship with individuals at all levels within the organization. • Advanced skills in Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, and Outlook). • Ability to successfully manage multiple tasks and priorities and quickly adapt in a fast-paced high-energy environment.  EXPECTATIONS, KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES: Knowledge & Expectations – Requires a strong attention to detail and focus on management processes, high proficiency in reporting and data analysis. Candidate must have the ability to maintain confidentiality and professional decorum.  Must possess the ability to work and communicate effectively with others across all levels and functions of the business, and collaborate and establish strong working relationships with professional organizations and industry peers.  Mental – Requires a relatively high degree of concentration intermittently; periods of mental effort and concentration followed by other aspects of the job with lesser concentration and attention requirements. Physical – Requires walking/standing approximately 60%, sitting approximately 40% and lifting up to 40 lbs.; involves repetitive stooping, forward bending and crouching approximately 10% of time. Manual Dexterity – Requires use of hands, arms and feet for repetitive lifting; use of hands and arms to operate computers, time clocks, copy machine, other general office and plant tools and equipment, and to record written information. Audible Demands – Requires ability to communicate via verbal instructions and to communicate with outside sources and internal departments in person and via telephone. Visual – Requires the ability to read written instructions, correspondence and other documentation as well as operate office equipment such as computers and printers. Environmental – Requires capability of performing essential job functions in a manufacturing environment, with some exposure to environments with the presence of dust, fumes, noise, and fluctuating temperatures.  Available benefits include:  401K, paid annual holidays, medical coverage, life insurance, long-term disability insurance, tuition assistance and more!  We provide Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. We are a drug-free and tobacco-free workplace.
4292:bs-degree-needed supervising-job	*Imari's Therapy Services, PA* seeks motivated and enthusiastic therapists to join our growing private practice therapy clinic. ITS provides a flexible working environment within the home environment, school, daycare or clinical settings. This will allow you to directly serve a wide range of patients, including infants, children, and geriatric patients. Seeking part-time, energetic therapists with a strong desire to improve patient care.  _What are we looking for?_ We are currently recruiting for an Occupational Therapist to work per diem with our company. This position offers an exciting opportunity to join a team of dedicated and fun loving health care professionals that pride themselves in providing quality patient care to the families that we serve.  _Job duties include but are not limited to:_ Roles and Responsibilities: * Implements and administers therapy programs to restore and enhance performance using selected activities and special equipment * Performs evaluations to determine the client’s functioning level * Develops individualized intervention plans * Selects and implements therapeutic interventions to enhance client performance in developmental areas, based on the intervention plan * Modifies the environment as needed, based on the intervention plan * Monitors client’s progress through observation and consultation with other professionals to determine the effect of intervention and need for continuation, modification, or termination of services * Reviews outcomes and modifies intervention programs * Documents occupational therapy intervention services and maintains administrative records in accordance with state guidelines, clinic policy, and reimbursement standards * Participates in multi-disciplinary team meetings to communicate client progress * Maintains inventory of therapeutic equipment and projects for budget planning * Maintains, organizes, and prioritizes workload and treatment environments including inventories * Uses professional literature to make informed practice decisions * Uses good time management skills * Develops constructive and cooperative working relationship with supervisor and other staff, and maintains those relationships over time  _Job Requirements_  Valid and current Occupational Therapy license or equivalent, in the state(s) where services are rendered. Experience preferred with children and adults. *One year of experience as an occupational therapy in pediatrics or field experience in pediatric setting* * *Experience working with children and adults , preferably children with special needs Special Requirements* * *Initial certification as an occupational therapist by the National Board for Certification of Occupational Therapy (NBCOT)* * *Valid and current state licensure. * * *Must be Medicaid credentialed or have the ability to obtain credentials through state and local insurance agencies. (strongly preferred)*   Part time position, a few hours per week readily availably with the ability to build an active caseloads.  *Professional Liability Insurance will be provided to all employees*
4293:supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed	First Look Media seeks to re-imagine journalism for the digital age, combining the promise of technological innovation with the power of fearless reporting. Founded by Pierre Omidyar, the organization will pursue original, independent journalism that is deeply reported and researched, thoroughly fact checked, and beautifully told. We are driven above all by a belief that democracy depends on a citizenry that is not just highly informed, but deeply engaged. In all our work, we are committed to strict standards of accuracy and honesty, a willingness to report our own errors and inconsistencies as well as those of others, and a deep respect for the transformative power of true stories.  POSITION SUMMARY:    First Look is searching for a Head of Recruiting who will work closely with our executive team to attract and hire top talent at all levels.   Responsibilities include:  -Partner with the CEO and leadership team by being the thought leader responsible for First Look’s recruiting -Attract, recruit and retain the best people -Develop appropriate and consistent communications with hiring executives to ensure a customer and candidate centric recruiting experience -Organizational Design & Development for a rapidly growing company that ensures successful business results -Be a resource and “coach” for all hiring managers -Hire and lead a team of recruiters -Perform other responsibilities as necessary  EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS REQUIREMENTS:  -Bachelor's degree in human resources or related field -15+ years of human resources related experience with a concentration in recruiting -Exceptional interpersonal, negotiating, and coaching skills -A solid foundation in recruiting and talent management -Strong business acumen -Ability to solve problems in a systematic yet creative and scalable way -Ability to work in close collaboration with executive team members -Self motivated and highly driven -Bachelor’s degree required, advanced degree a plus -Experience working with aggressive start-up companies a big plus  If your interested in the role, please apply here: www.example.com
4302:full-time-job bs-degree-needed supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	The primary focus of the position of Development Manager is to secure corporate sponsorships and individual gifts to meet financial goals by executing events on behalf of the American Lung Association in Delaware. Implicit in that focus is the recruitment and retention of event participants as volunteer fundraisers.  This position reports to the Vice President of Development and is responsible for planning, developing, and executing special events in Delaware.    Essential Duties and Responsibilities • Recruits and organizes committees and volunteers needed to achieve financial goals of the following ALA events:  Fighting for Air Climb, annual Gala, and other events as assigned. • Coordinates, directs, and supports the activities of the event committees and volunteers • Oversees all aspects of the implementation of the events, including: o Recruitment of volunteer leadership.  o Recruitment of local sponsors and in-kind sponsors. o Coordination of committee meetings and activities. o Ordering of all materials needed for the event. o Development of a local timeline of activities. o All mailings key to event.  o All public relations relating to the program. o Completes and submits all related reports as required. o Maintenance of complete records relating to the events. o Responsible for creating draft expense budget.  Education • Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education and fundraising/sales experience.  Experience • Minimum of 2 years experience in fundraising and/or sales experience in a community-based organization  • Previous supervisory experience preferred. • Minimum of 2 years of ALA Fundraising and Development experience. • Experience recruiting and managing volunteers and committees preferred but not required.  Skills   • Effective communication and leadership skills coupled with a vision toward goal achievement. • Ability to motivate others toward established company directives. • Good conflict resolution skills • Must be flexible, detail oriented and have the ability to multitask. • The ability to effectively manage time and multiple priorities, meet deadlines, and respond to inquiries in a timely manner is essential. • Ability to work both independently and in a team environment. • Excellent communication and negotiation skills  • Good PC skills with working knowledge of Microsoft Office   Certificates, License, and Registrations • Maintain a valid Driver’s License  All American Lung Association positions (Mid-Atlantic) require a criminal background check.  Most positions require a valid driver’s license and proof of auto insurance.  A Child Abuse History Clearance is also required for some positions.   Comprehensive benefits package for full time positions includes medical, dental, and vision insurance.  Life Insurance and additional voluntary life products available.  Matching 403(b) and employer discretionary contribution available after 1 year of service. Generous amount of vacation, sick and holiday time.    Exempt Status: Salaried personnel are expected to work additional hours, including evenings and weekends as workloads and projects demand.
4304:salary supervising-job	$1500 GUARANTEED! ONLY TWO WEEKS OF WORK!  We are looking to hire a store operator for the upcoming fireworks season  • Store opens June 24th and closes July 7th. • Pay is $750 plus 8% of store sales. • Our average store does $25,000 in sales. • Operators are responsible for all store sales and operations. • Operators must ensure store is staffed all open hours. • Operators are responsible for paying their own assistants. • Expect long hours. Hours will be long, and hot. • The month begins very slowly and you will be required to be at your store, but you are allowed books, TVs, & radios to help pass the time. • From about June 30th through July 5th you will be very busy. • Operators are allowed to take time off as long as a trained assistant covers their store. • Operators are responsible for setting up, inventorying, and tearing down their store. • We will conduct a comprehensive training. • You will have a lot of independence in running your store. • Each store will have a regional manager. This person will help you and be your main contact person. • We believe in working hard & having fun. We would like for you join our team. • Smart phone, mobile hotspot, or equivalent required.  Store Hours  1. June 24th -- July 2nd Open-10 AM Close-10 PM   2. July 3rd -- July 4th Open -- 9 AM Close 11 PM  3. July 5th -- July 7th Open- 10 AM Close 10 PM  We are excited to begin the 2014 fireworks season. We would love to work with you this year. Please contact us to further discuss this opportunity. Please email us your resume and we will contact you for an interview.
4309:supervising-job salary 2-4-years-experience-needed	Construction Site Superintendent needed for an Atlanta based general contracting, design-build management firm.  Superintendent must have building renovation experience to be considered for the position.   Job Description:  Manage the day-to-day field activities to ensure that the project milestone dates and overall schedule completion date is met.  Creating and maintaining a culture that values safety, health and cleanliness  Ensuring all aspects of the project are compliant with all contract terms and legal requirements that govern the project and the community in which the project(s) takes place  Verifying that all work is installed in a workmanlike manner (i.e.: plumb, level, straight, etc...)  Obtaining all inspections and ensuring that the quality aspects of the physical work are fully documented   Requirements:  A demonstrated understanding of construction means and methods associated with the renovation and construction of single and multi-family residential, commercial and institutional buildings and site work related to these specific projets  Construction Management or similar or a Journeyman status in a building trade (i.e. Carpenter) AND no less than 2 years of progressive responsibility supervising construction  A working knowledge of civil, architectural, mechanical and electrical work  Familiar with HVAC work  Understands means and methods of construction associated with the renovation and construction of multi-family residential, commercial and institutional buildings and related site work  Has the ability to build effective teams, to inspire others to their best, and to coach and mentor  Interior Renovation Experience is a MUST.   Compensation: Starting salary is 50K to 65K for candidates with extensive experience
4311:salary supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed	DemoChimp’s Media Creation Services team builds product demo videos for our customers that plug into DemoChimp’s intelligent product demo automation platform.   ABOUT DEMOCHIMP DemoChimp is software that automates product demonstrations so salespeople can service more prospects and close more deals and so marketing can convert more website visitors to leads. DemoChimp automatically configures a demo in response to each prospect’s unique needs, just like an expert salesperson. On your website, conversions increase as prospects interact with personalized content. Salespeople can see what each prospect says is important, so they know how to meet their unique needs. Salespeople can also track the demo as people share it within their organization, to discover and engage the entire buying panel. Managers access rolled-up analytics through a dashboard to gain product insights.  DemoChimp is currently located in Orem, UT but will soon be relocating to American Fork, UT.  THE DIRECTOR OF MEDIA CREATION SERVICES: - Is a key member our senior management team, reports directly to the CEO, and will collaboratively contribute to the strategy and growth of our ground-breaking SaaS company - Is responsible for refining, growing, and scaling our content services team to meet the increasing pace at which we are selling our product. This will involve (among other things): - Defining and building repeatable project processes and content creation approaches (systems) that support scale - Acts as the content creation ‘product manager’, learning from customers and prospects and leading the decision making process for improving and offering enhanced options beyond what we currently offer - Recruiting, training, and managing team members - Maintaining healthy margins on client services while ensuring customer satisfaction Is one of the first points of contact with our customers after they purchase our solution - Manages dozens of projects simultaneously - Measures data points (such as time spent on script vs post production etc) and feeds that project data back into the system to ensure better financial and staffing estimates for future scale - Builds relationships with other resources in the industry to enhance a scalable, flexible solution  OUR IDEAL CANDIDATE: - Prizes the challenge and opportunity to help shape and mold the content creation part of our solution and the opportunity to help provide collaborative input and shape the rest of the overall solution - Is enthusiastic about opportunities inherent in being one of the early key employees in a fast growing technology startup - Is passionate about constantly learning and innovating to become the industry leader in product demo videos - Is pleasantly obsessive about measuring, innovating, and iterating around process - Is an experienced project manager (5+ years experience) with a proven track record of simultaneously managing dozens of media projects (examples include video production, website creation, or elearning courses) - Craves opportunities to ‘make a difference’ and ‘leave a mark’ - Leads assertively but accepts input and criticism skillfully and graciously - Proactively manages client expectations - Consistently leads with effective communication - Is skilled at resolving conflicts related to client expectations to help get the project back on track - Is confident interacting with high profile clients - Would most likely come across as ‘smart’, ‘professional’, and ‘very likable’ by even our most demanding clients in the most demanding situations - Understands how to exert leadership with both team members and clients effectively to make sure that projects stay on track - Understands how effective visual design and pacing leads to specific objectives - Has strong experience with creative content creation (doesn't have to be video) - Has strong experience recruiting, hiring, and managing team of content creators - Understands how to avoid common pitfalls associated with client approval cycles - Operates in a continuous iterative innovation cycle to improve processes to achieve extreme process efficiency - Thrives on collaboration, innovation, and the responsibility of leadership - Understands and is comfortable making quality, budget, time constraint tradeoffs to produce the best possible professional solution within given constraints. - Thinks ‘outside the box’ to come up with new ways of solving problems that don’t necessarily fit what other firms are doing - Likes to eat bananas (optional)  Compensation: - TBD based on experience, but will include a base salary + quarterly and annual bonuses based on performance achievement - Excellent benefits including health, dental, holiday, vacation, sick time included
4313:full-time-job bs-degree-needed salary supervising-job	VP Sales & Marketing  Reporting to: President/Owner  This is a salaried position with sales incentives and benefits.  You will work from our sales office in Vancouver WA or at the main office/manufacturing facility located in Salem, OR.    This is the senior position responsible for the sale of large capital equipment, processing systems, and replacement parts used in heavy industry. Industries include: bio-fuels, alternative energy / biomass, power, recycling, and wood products industries. Products are sold throughout North America and internationally.    Company  - West Salem Machinery (WSM) is a leading manufacturer of industrial machinery used for screening, size reduction and process systems. Founded in 1947, WSM is a well-established, family-owned company with a full engineering and manufacturing capabilities. We take pride in building our mill-duty machinery and in delivering a high quality and dependable product to our customers.    Summary  - To support our continued growth, WSM is seeking a talented and energetic individual to join our senior management team and lead our sales effort.  You must have demonstrated leadership and a proven track record in: sales management, technical sales and closing orders.    Qualifications  * College degree and relevant experience in an industrial sales management position.   * Mechanical/technical aptitude, excellent sales, communications, presentation and team building/management skills.   * Comfortable dealing with a broad range of customer contact (from millwrights to consulting engineers).  * Well organized and able to function in a fast-paced environment.   * Specific experience in capital equipment, processing systems and/or machinery sales is strongly preferred.  * In addition, the successful candidate must have knowledge and experience negotiating complex contracts and multi-level selling.  * Demonstrated capability to be successful in a high growth environment.   * Ability to work constructively in a cross-function team environment.      Duties and Responsibilities  * Member of the senior management team. Participate in developing and directing company strategies. * Responsible for the delivery of new equipment sales through direct calls with customers, support sales reps and developing new customers / markets.  * “Build” the sales function to include:            Development of a sales deployment model.            Implement a CRM and training program.           Hire staff against the approved plan as needed.   * Develop the next generation sales commission program for WSM. * Key day-to-day tasks include:          Managing / Training sales staff         Managing customer contact, customer follow-up         Generating sales proposals, negotiating contracts, and closing orders.         Performing customer site visits  * Travel - approx. 20-40% component for trade shows and customer visits, including occasional international travel. Travel load is shared within the         sales staff.   * Other duties as assigned.  If you like industrial machinery, processing systems, problem solving, diverse/ interesting work, and have a “hands-on” approach – this is an excellent opportunity to be a recognized contributor to the success of our company with opportunities for future growth.  To learn more about West Salem Machinery, visit our web site at www.example.com.  Qualified candidates should forward a cover letter highlighting their qualifications and accomplishments along with a resume.
4325:supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed	At KFC, we feed the world. But we do more than fill people up. We fulfill their life. Our meals matter, and when we serve them with southern hospitality, we make our customer’s day.  So our jobs are more than a paycheck – they’re about being independent, having fun, and making new friends.   If you’re looking to be a manager of your own business but don’t know how to get started, check out our Assistant Restaurant Manager position. As an Assistant Restaurant Manager, you are second in command of a $1 million+ business. Working with your Restaurant General Manager, you grow the business by making our customers’ day. And when you do, you get rewarded in a big way.   *What are we looking for?*  The good news is that your training will teach you everything you need to know to succeed on the job. But there are a few skills you should have from the get-go:  * A natural leader, you want to be co-captain because you can help bring together a winning team. You’re all about creating a great place to work for the team. * You want to make your customer’s day and it shows in the way you are maniacal about serving great-tasting chicken with a great big smile. * We have a GREAT culture and look for GREAT people to add to our family. You know who you are --honest, energetic, motivational and fun.  * You set high standards for yourself and for the team. * You’re up for a challenge. You love the excitement of the restaurant business and know every day is different. * And, you’re at least 18 years old with a valid driver’s license, reliable transportation (not public transportation – you may need to drive to make deposits for the restaurant sometimes) and a true desire to learn and grow.  *Additional Requirements:* * 1-2 years food service/quick service restaurant management * Computer literate * Strong work ethic * Enjoy working as a Team and interacting with Customers * Ability to lift 50 lbs.  At KFC, what you do matters! So if you want to be part of a winning team, find out now why Life Tastes Better with KFC. Apply today!
4332:supervising-job licence-needed salary	Enhance Your Career!  Seeking leader interested in successful management career.  Skills in sales and agent development are required.  We offer sales management training, career development program,  fixed base, benefits, commissions and bonuses.  Requirements:  Health/Life License (Or willing to obtain Health/Life License)  Must own/have access to a vehicle.  For consideration, please forward resume'.
4340:supervising-job salary	*Manager Trainee* *Location: Fond du Lac, WI (558 N Rolling Meadows Dr.)*  *Job Description*  The primary focus of a Manager Trainee is to fine tune the abilities needed to fill the position of the Store Manager.  This requires properly managing daily business priorities, providing quality customer service, developing the skills of all store personnel and to act with the authority of the Store Manager in his/her absence.  Daily business priorities consist of sales, collections & customer service.   *Requirements*  * Previous sales experience is preferred * Detail oriented * Superb customer service skills * Communicate effectively with customers & coworkers * Clean driving record * Lift, carry, pull or push up to 50 pounds  *Benefits*  * Salary - $520/wk * Paid Holidays * Paid Vacation & Personal Time * Simple IRA with a 3% match * Discount on merchandise for you & your immediate family members * No late nights or Sundays  *What is Lebakkens Rent-to-Own?*  Lebakkens is a dynamic company that was founded on the simple premise of providing each customer with the best possible products, at the best possible rates and with the best possible service. We truly believe our success as a company is directly tied to our success in staying true to our founding premise.  In 1975, Loren Lebakken opened a Curtis Mathes Showroom in Rochester, Minnesota, at the time it was more retail then Rent-to-Own and consisted solely of electronics in its product line. In 1978, Rochester was devastated by a flood and the store was moved to La Crosse, Wisconsin.  It was shortly after the move that the realization was made that the business to be in was Rent-to-Own. The Curtis Mathes line was dropped in favor of a broader and more diversified product line. More stores were soon to follow, and currently there are eleven different stores open in Wisconsin with more stores planned for the future. Currently we have stores in La Crosse, Eau Claire, Schofield, Rhinelander, Tomah, Wisconsin Rapids, Shawano, Appleton, Green Bay, Rice Lake and Fond du Lac.  As family owned business with multiple store locations we are able to offer advancement opportunities.  *What is Rent-to-Own?*  The rental-purchase transaction is different from a retail credit sale in the following ways: * There is never any interest charged to the consumer * There is never any credit needed * There is no long term financial obligation  _Rental Options_  Lebakkens provides all customers with free replacement, free local delivery and free repair to defective items. Customers normally rent for one week, two weeks or one month at a time. At the end of each rental period, the customer always has three options to choose from:  1. They can terminate the rental agreement without any cost or obligation by simply returning the product. 2. They can renew the rental agreement by making another advance weekly or monthly payment 3. They may buy the item outright to save the most money.  _Purchase Options_  After a specified number of rental payments, ownership of the rented property is conveyed over to the customer. Lebakkens provides all customers with an early purchase option. This option allows all customers the choice to buy the rented property early and save valuable income.  *Facts About the Rental-Purchase Industry* Rent-to-Own has been an identifiable U.S. industry for close to 40 years The rent-to-own industry serves an average of 3.3 million customers per year. There are approximately 8,000 rent-to-own stores in the U.S.  www.example.com
4347:salary supervising-job	ADVANCE YOUR CAREER WITH BURGER KING - QUICK SERVICE RESTAURANT MANAGERS  If you possess great customer service and leadership skills and team spirit and are looking for an opportunity to showcase your talent. We want to hear from you! We are a Burger King franchise operating 18 restaurants located in New York City. We are looking to hire Hardworking and Results oriented General Managers and Assistant Managers.   Quick Service/Fast Food restaurant experience is preferred  The successful candidate will: • Lead and motivate the restaurant team • Optimize sales and profit performance and deliver outstanding customer satisfaction • Build a strong team and create a comfortable working environment  The Successful candidate must: • Manage company operational standards to the highest level • Communicate regularly with employees and upper management • Train and develop new and existing employees • Assure that all safety and security procedures are followed within the restaurant • Enforce company policies  Benefits: • Competitive salary • Bonus program • 401(k) • Vacation • Health Insurance/ Medical and Dental • Career growth and opportunity for rapid advancement
4369:5-plus-years-experience-needed salary supervising-job bs-degree-needed	This is an amazing opportunity for an experienced Executive Assistant to work in a creative environment. This role will support the SVP of Finance. The ideal candidate will be organized, articulate, and motivated.  Responsibilities:  Heavy scheduling and calendar management Coordinating projects and maintaining work flow Rolling calls; properly relaying messages Coordinating complex travel itineraries Expense reports Handling confidential business matters in a discreet and professional manner Helping/managing budgets  Requirements:  Bachelor's Degree required Minimum 5 years of administrative experience preferably in a creative environment Must have proven experience working with very demanding executives Must have excellent communication skills, both written and verbal Strong computer skills with Excel and Microsoft word Able to multi-task and remain calm under pressure Must be a team-player with a positive attitude Must be polished and professional This is a temp-to-perm assignment  COMP: Up to $55k DOE (once converted to perm)
