Education: BA/BS in Engineering or Natural Sciences     Description:  Candidates applying for a position as a Munitions Response Project Manager should have demonstrated experience working on Military Munitions Response (MMR) projects to include CERCLA site investigation, feasibility studies for site closure, and munitions removal and range clearance activities as applied to munitions and explosives of concern (MEC) and munitions constituents (MC); and operational range assessments.    Munitions Response Environmental Project Managers provide leadership to groups of scientists and engineers working on the investigation and cleanup of MMRP sites located CONUS including scheduling of project assignments, monitoring of deliverables, overall professional development, and mentoring. They also maintain and improve upon existing methodologies, techniques, and procedures both technically and administratively, and are involved in the proposal/planning stages of projects    Duties and Responsibilities:    Serves as primary contact for client counterparts and manages projects to meet client expectations. Performs project management administrative activities including project setup, earned value analysis, completion cost estimates, and adjusts approach based on key project indicators. Performs external project delivery functions including submission of deliverables; supervision of field activities, and oversees project quality and safety. This position requires independent evaluation of information in complicated and dynamic situations, has the authority to commit company resources, and plans and directs projects, and supplies technical leadership and consultation to professional co-workers. Additional activities may include representing the organization in outside discussions, planning sessions, and technical forums.    Requirements: Minimum Qualifications: Candidate must possess a B.A./B.S., or M.S. degree in geology, engineering, or other natural sciences. Professional certification is preferred (e.g. PE, PG, or PMP).   •Demonstrated experience managing CERCLA-related projects for federal customers.   •Experience in conducting and assisting in regulatory negotiations and conflict resolution in a professional manner to the satisfaction of clients.  •A minimum of three to five years of applied/progressive experience working on MMRP projects.  •Directly related relevant experience with CERCLA/RCRA projects involving MEC and MC; in particular projects involving the preliminary assessments, site inspections, remedial investigations, and feasibility studies for ordnance items and chemical constituents of ordnance items, projects involving the development of RCRA S-X Permit Applications and closure plans for OB/OD units and/or project involving environmental assessments of operation DoD ranges.  •Current OSHA HAZWOPER and ability to pass an OSHA physical required. Desired: Recent completed Government Background check   






2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed