UI Engineer – Medallia    “JOIN US IN THE FIGHT AGAINST MEDIOCRITY!”    Right now we have massive amounts of data with very little structure, which is why we’re putting together a core team of software engineers who just happen to work on UI.  This team is going to redefine our user experience and at the same time set the standard for how the world interacts with big data.  We’re really looking to create custom real-time interactions through amazing visualizations using the latest web technologies.    Medallia is the global leader in SaaS Customer Experience Management and Enterprise Feedback Management.  We build technology that captures and analyzes ridiculous amounts of structured or unstructured data for our customers in real-time.  Basically, we help businesses better understand their customers which leads to customer loyalty and market dominance.  We were recently named a Leader in EFM Satisfaction and Loyalty Solutions in the first-ever Wave Report by Forrester Research.    As we expand our User Experience team at Medallia we’re looking for an experienced front-end engineer with a solid background in computer science with a passion for proper software abstractions, systems architecture, performance and testing.  You’ll help redesign an implement UI’s, and pick up Java as necessary to bridge the gap between the back-end and the front-end.    Responsibilities:  • Collaborate with visual and experience designers and engineers to implement new features  • Define and develop reusable and efficient JavaScript components and data bindings  • Write tests to monitor and ensure the performance of front-end code  • Continually research, recommend, and implement front-end best practices    Qualifications:  • Expert AJAX, XHTML, JavaScript and CSS skills; Flash/Flex a plus  • Deep experience designing modular, object-oriented JavaScript  • Minimum of 5 years industry experience  • Experience programming scalable web applications  • Self-starter with the ability to work under pressure and handle multiple simultaneous tasks  • Strong verbal and written communication skills    Join the team  If you love working on products that ship, apply to join our team!    UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer UI Engineer.....






5-plus-years-experience-needed