Chambers Group Inc. is an environmental consulting firm headquartered in Santa Ana, CA with regional offices in San Diego, Redlands, El Centro and Palm Desert, California as well as Reno, Nevada. The firm was recently recognized by The Zweig Letter Hot Firm Award, placing it No. 33 on its national list of 150 fastest growing firms, as well as No. 19, in the Business Journal's list of Fastest-Growing Private Companies in Orange County.   We provide environmental planning, regulatory permitting, technical studies that evaluate impacts to biological, cultural and marine resources, air quality and noise analyses, construction mitigation monitoring and GIS.   Currently the firm is seeking an experienced WORD PROCESSOR to work from its corporate office in Santa Ana, CA, reporting to the Director of Marketing on a full time basis.  Position Requirements:  Document formatting and print production: - Format company documents (letters, reports, proposals, employee resumes, etc.) to conform to company style guidelines, or other style guidelines as instructed. Proofread company documents as part of the formatting process - Print production and binding of company documen - Duplicate CDs/DVDs containing company documents for clients - Enter CRM data into Deltek Vision including client, contacts, opportunities, descriptions, etc.  - Serve as resident Microsoft Office specialist - Assist marketing department with other duties as needed including data entry, document updates and other tasks as required  Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:   - Extensive experience with formatting and styles in Microsoft Word (2003 and 2007) is a must. - Extensive experience using: Microsoft Office- Excel; Access; Adobe Acrobat; Adobe Photoshop; PowerPoint. - Experience using Deltek Vision (6.1). - Excellent grammar, language, and communication skills; ability to check documents for grammatical, usage, spelling and clarity errors. - Ability to manage multiple tasks simultaneously with short deadlines. - 2+ years of experience, preferably in A/E/C/ industry. - Degree in graphic arts or liberal arts preferred.  Company provides excellent benefits and opportunities for growth. Please submit cover letter and resume. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V.   






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed