Part Time Field Representative  Register to become a Field Rep Today! Start Earning in as little as two-business days!   GET STARTED NOW!!! Visit: www.example.com   Go to (Services) Click (Requirements) Click & Print out (A & B Vendor Packet)  Review the reading material for testing to aid in completing the A & B Vendor Packet.  Call our office  XXX  with any questions, with help in filling out the packet, or with the testing.   FIELD REPRESENTATIVE:  Reconnect lenders with their borrowers by going to the borrower’s home or work to encourage the borrower to communicate with their lender to help resolve the delinquent account. Field Representatives are Independent Contractors representing our clients in the field and are paid per completed assignment. The Description of Services provides a list of the different assignments.   DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES   One-Run Field Call:  Service involves the attempt to make face-to-face contact with borrower and the delivery of a client letter. Additionally, an inspection is performed. The inspection involves taking photos of the property and/or collateral, as well as, documenting various elements of the property. Following a Field Call visit, complete and submit a secure online Field Call Report. These take just minutes to complete.  Three-Run Field Call:  Service is similar to the One-Run Field Call; however, the representative is required to make up to three attempts at contacting the borrower. Some of these assignments have a goal of placing the customer on the phone with the client (like a field call), while the majority involves picking up documentation from the borrower and sending it to the client.   Letter Delivery:  Service requires representatives to deliver a letter in a sealed Personal and Confidential envelope. Take photographs of the residence, number on the residence, and neighborhood; if applicable, collateral. Upon making contact with the borrower, encourage them to immediately contact client.  COVERAGE:  It is important to our clients that work is completed on time. We prefer representatives cover a 25 to 30 mile radius from either their home or work. This enables representatives to attempt assignments within 24 to 48 hours of receipt. There are times when reps may be asked to complete assignments outside of that radius for additional pay.   PAY:  A & B Field Services pays representatives based on their coverage area, assignment type, and reported results. Our pay range is from $10.00 to $40.00 per assignment. We pay you weekly. The above fees are subject to change by mutual agreement. The fee schedule is intended to reflect typical circumstances and conditions, fees are negotiable for special circumstances.  As an independent contractor or vendor, our clients require all Field Representatives to obtain an Employer Identification Number (EIN). It is free to obtain online through the irs.gov website. We also recommend you register your business (DBA, LLC or Corporation), but it is optional for the first three months. If you do not have a business, you will be asked to obtain one if your work increases five work orders a month for three months.  Representative’s requirements:   Have access to a computer with a printer and internet  Own a digital camera with date/time stamp capabilities and cell phone  Have access to reliable transportation  Availability to work nights and weekends  Ability to pass a basic background check  Be professional with strong oral and written communication skills  Be comfortable with face-to-face “interviews” with consumers  Be at least 21 years of age   Interested visit: www.example.com   Go to (Services) Click (Requirements) Click & Print out (A & B Vendor Packet)  Review the reading material for testing to aid in completing the A & B Vendor Packet.  Call our office  XXX  with any questions.






part-time-job