Full or Part-time Social Worker / Therapist Position  We are seeking a licensed clinical mental health counselor, marriage and family therapist, or social worker.  If you are you a self-starter with energy, have the desire to learn, and want to dig in and see the progress of your work, and you have the organizational skills to get your documentation in on time, then we want to talk to you!   This is a fast paced, action oriented, client centered, cutting edge, and evidence based practice.  If you can engage your clients from the very first session and have the ability to keep them engaged throughout the treatment process, you will succeed with us. If you want to be a part of  increasing the scope of your craft, and creating your own niche, then send us your resume today!  Choices Counseling Services is a rapidly growing for-profit outpatient mental health agency that delivers its services to clients in Northern Indiana.  We work with all diagnoses in the DSM, although we do not tend to have as many chronically ill clients with psychotic disorders.  We specialize in the areas of substance abuse, physical, psychological and sexual abuse, trauma, mood and anxiety disorders, as well as childhood and geriatric onset type disorders.  In working with the family, we also offer parenting classes, therapeutically supervised visitation, and we work with court orders requiring assessment, planning and follow up for the court with final reports for a decision maker.    We provide many specialized services, such as mediation, child custody evaluations, program planning and report writing on various issues.  We provide business training and workshops in areas such as team building, visionary planning, sexual harassment in the workplace, and negotiation work.  We offer multiple assessments and evaluations, such as bonding, parenting and social assessments, and psychological and substance abuse evaluations.   Requirements: Master’s degree in Social Work, Mental Health Counseling, Marriage and family therapy,  or related field Adequate prior internship hours (1000) Participate in a quarterly in-service training Have a laptop Have reliable transportation for home visits Provide evening availability  Have a consistent schedule each week Meet at the central office (Valparaiso) as needed. Ability to work without support in the Satellite offices Licensure preferred but not required We would also prefer a EMDR training, or someone who is considering it in the future.   To apply for this position, please forward a resume and cover letter to our office in one document through this link.






full-time-job ms-or-phd-needed