SF Police Credit Union is a growing organization honored to serve the Bay Area's First Responders' (Law Enforcement, Fire, Emergency Medical Technicians and their families) since 1953.   SFPCU is seeking self-starting Marketing Coordinator who shares our commitment to provide excellent service and education at every opportunity. We offer generous benefits, competitive compensation, and career development opportunities throughout our organization.  Benefits Include:  • HMO, PPO Medical & Vision Plan  • Dental Plan including orthodontics • 401k (Employer Matching & Profit Sharing Contributions) • Group Life, Accidental, Short and Long Term Disability Insurance • Pre-Tax Commuter Benefits  • Paid Time Off (PTO), holidays • Employee Loan Discount Program • Work/Life: Employee Appreciation Events, On-site Health & Wellness Fairs, Holiday Parties and Community Support Events • Educational and Tuition Reimbursement Programs • Professional Development Programs  The Marketing Coordinator is responsible for day-to-day support, maintenance and administration of various Marketing projects, programs and events. Provides support to execute plans and facilitates and coordinates communication internally and externally to our membership.  Must be able to:  • Assist in the production of materials for member communication and advertising/sales promotion materials and update and maintain marketing collateral library. • Structures and manages marketing materials for branches  • Coordinate all monthly statement files (Ads, Mailings lists, messages) and monthly targeted mailings. • Create and maintain internal communications, such as SharePoint content and employee-focused messaging, and calendaring documents. • Assist in writing and proofreading projects, including story creation for the APB Newsletter • Assist in the maintenance of SFPCU web presence (social media, web). May include generating and managing content, and interacting with  Members online. • Stay up to day on financial products/services, industry competition and trends • Utilize MCIF software for targeting and tracking as needed • Support member events (Annual Meeting, financial seminars and some community relations) • Maintain day-to-day operations and provide general department support  • Adhere to the policies and procedures of the SF Police Credit Union, including regulatory requirements of the Bank Secrecy Act  • Other duties not limited to those stated herein requested by the SVP Marketing and Strategy, COO, and CEO.  Education: •BA/BS in Marketing, Communications, or related field or at least 1 year marketing/advertising and/or financial organization experience  Skills & Qualifications: • Highly motivated and results oriented • Must be an innovative thinker • Creativity, flexibility, personable demeanor are a must • Ability to manage and coordinate multiple projects simultaneously in a deadline-driven environment  • Ability to be self-motivated and organized, and to work independently and also function as an integral member of the Marketing team  • Excellent oral, written and verbal communication skills • Strong computer skills, including MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, and Internet), required • Knowledge of HTML, Illustrator or other design programs desired • Current driver's license, proof of insurance, safe driving record and able to provide your own transportation  Physical Requirements: • Regularly required to use hands to finger, handle, feel, write and type on a computer keyboard and other standard office equipment.  • Frequently required to sit, stand, walk, reach, and stoop.  • Vision and hearing within corrected range.  • Must occasionally lift up to 10- 25 lbs.  *The job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by this employee. He or she will be required to follow other instructions and to perform other duties as required by the COO/EVP/CEO. SFPCU is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V*






1-year-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job