Inwood Academy for Leadership Charter School (IAL) is a free, family-oriented, “tough love” public school. We are committed to excellence in public education and offering educational choice to the families of Inwood and Washington Heights (NYC). Founded by a diverse group of community leaders, educators & parents, our mission is to “empower students to become agents for change through community-focused leadership, character development and college preparedness.”  We believe a college degree is absolutely vital in our modern society. IAL provides an academically rigorous educational program, while offering an engaging, supportive learning environment that prepares students for college and beyond. We will serve 440 middle school students (in grades 5-8) in 2013-14. Essentially 100% of our student population is Black or Hispanic, 85% are eligible for free/reduced lunch, 40% are classified as English language learners and 25% receive special education services.   Fundamentally, we believe that great teaching matters. That’s why we:    Recruit the best – our average tenure is 8.5 years, and 48% of staff have a graduate degree   Invest in professional development  – $4000 per teacher/year, plus extensive coaching support   Incentivize great practice - robust teacher evaluation process, coupled with performance bonus   IAL is currently seeking a Speech & Language Pathologist. The ideal candidate will have 3-5 years of experience in urban middle or high school education and have demonstrated success with a broad range of students.  Our Speech & Language Pathologist will work with students, parents, and teachers to help achieve the highest degree of academic and behavioral success for our scholars. Working in a highly collaborative environment, he/she will act as a liaison between parents, students, and school support staff.  This position will be full-time.   *Responsibilities:* • Planning and providing high quality speech and language therapy services to students with IEPs, addressing areas such as receptive and expressive language, articulation, auditory processing and pragmatic language. • Writing session notes, progress reports and IEP goals for students with mandated speech services. • Conducting individual student evaluations and reporting results. • Providing classroom strategies and intervention level services for at risk students. • Regularly updating leaders, teachers and parents on student progress.   *Qualifications:*  • Valid NY State Speech & Language Pathologist license. • Valid NY State TSHH/TSSLD certification. • Experience with a variety of speech and language evaluations, including assessments of articulation, pragmatic language, auditory processing, and expressive and receptive language skills. • Ability to collaborate with teachers and parents to ensure carryover of therapy techniques in the classroom and at home. • Excellent listening and communication skills. • Ability to align therapy sessions to school curriculum to support students in meeting their classroom goals.  Commitment to the mission and vision of IAL  Minimum of three years teaching experience in an urban environment   Masters degree or higher required  Fluency in Spanish a significant plus






ms-or-phd-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed