Looking for an office all rounder to assist in the day-to-day operations of a busy church office.  Chatham United Methodist Church in Chatham, NJ is looking to hire a part-time Communications Administrator. Working with the church secretary and reporting to the pastor you will produce worship materials for Sunday services, coordinate service participants, update online calendars, website and Facebook account, collect information for weekly bulletins and monthly newsletter, assist in the production of promotional materials, maintain member database, send out email blasts and provide administration support for church staff.  Detailed Job Description Internal Communications •Responsible for preparation, and compilation of Weekly Bulletins through coordination with Worship Leaders (weekly). •Responsible for associated Worship visuals and/or Announcement visuals  •Responsible for gathering articles, formatting, printing, posting, and mailing of Circuit Rider (monthly). •Responsible for gathering content and contributing clear, concise messaging in Weekly Email Push to DL.  External Communications •Update online calendar to reflect church activities. •Coordinate, create and push content for newspaper articles and online news forums (e.g. Chatham Patch). •Actively pursue opportunities with press •Maintain communication with committee leads on agreed upon press calendar. •Work closely with Public Outreach committee lead in implementing outreach activities. •Maintain Facebook page  Administrative Duties •Telephone coverage M-Th from 1:00 – 3:00 (back up Church Secretary as needed) •Maintain Membership Database •Lock example@example.com p.m. as needed •Order supplies & maintain inventory •Office equipment maintenance   SKILLS AND REQUIREMENTS •Strong interpersonal skills •Strong time management skills, self-motivator •Basic secretarial skills •Social media skills and expertise •Strong proficiency with MS Office, MS Windows, graphic / web design •Ability to synthesize information and write clear and compelling messaging •Ability to work with a wide range of people (abilities and style) •Church background desirable but not necessary •Hours 10-3 Monday through Thursday 






part-time-job