Aggressive high volume Nissan dealership on Florida's Gulf Coast seeks highly experienced, motivated, talented and competent Sales Manager for our dealership.     *EXPERIENCED AND/OR CERTIFIED WITH NISSAN AND FAMILIAR WITH NNANET DEALER PORTAL?* We want YOU! Please read on...       Must love to work! Must be a Monster Closer! Must be Goal Oriented and a Leader! Must be process oriented; one who pays close attention to detail. Must be big on accountability, procedure, punctuality, customer service and retention and very big on obtaining and holding high CSI scores.    We are the cutting edge premier digital dealership in our area with full E-commerce/BDC department. We are the area's only Official Buying Center for Autotrader and advertise extensively on traditional media as well. We have two franchises (Nissan and Mazda) plus a very busy pre-owned lot, two service centers and a collision center.    And our store is minutes away from the pristine waters of the Gulf of Mexico!    Our compensation and benefits packages are the best in the region. As such, we want and expect only the best. If you are second best, please do not apply.    Job Duties, Responsibilities and Skillsets:    • Sales training (group and one-on-one)  • Vocal participation in sales and management meetings  • Strong closing abilities  • Desk deals and cooperate with Finance Director to assure all procedure is followed  • Customer Service oriented (not afraid to talk to customers before during and after the sale)  • Strong enforcement of company policy  • Assure proper delivery including service walk for all sales  • Keep up all sales personnel certifications  • Monthly forecasting, goal setting and tracking for store and individual sales personnel    • Motivate and encourage the sales team on daily basis beginning with morning review of previous day business and setting action plan for the current day's business  • Enforce all human resource and labor policies  • Appraise trades  • Make recommendations regarding marketing and advertising initiatives  • Close attention to OEM incentive programs  • Participate in pricing of vehicles  • Review all commission sheets  • Maintain clean and orderly lot and showroom  • Computer literate with typing skills  • Attention to detail a priority  • Knowledge of ADP a plus    Other requirements:    • Minimum 5 years experience in automotive sales management  • Drug free workplace (drug test required)  • Clean motor vehicle record   • High level of integrity (background check required)  • Must have minimum of 3 work and 3 personal references    *(Personal and work references will be contacted & verified.)*    IF you've got what it takes, then please take a moment to forward your resume and be sure to include your compensation history and requirements.      Equal Opportunity Employer.






5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job