We combine the Wedding Industry along with the Weight Loss Industry and this position is perfect for the person who wants a career in Health and Wellness.  Not just a job, but a career.  We am looking for someone to run your State.  You see, we are part of a 7 Year Old Company that in 2011 did over 231 Million Dollars in Sales and is projected to hit over 1 Billion in 2012!  What have a specific marketing method that we at our corporate office have put together that target markets our prospects in a very deep, emotional way.  You see, we market to Bride's to Be that are getting married within the next year that need to lose between 15-50 pounds.  There are over 2.2 Million Women in the USA alone that are engeged and over 72% of them fit into this category.  These Brides to Be have a specific need and time frame to meet their weight loss goals and eagerly await your call after they have come to our Website.  Best of all our product saves them money, they can easily get their product for free and we have a program that actually rewards them for their referrals.     So your job will be to take the leads and contact them, give them enough information over the phone to set an appointment and then you will go see them.  Here are our stats;    -First and foremost we can help create as many leads as you can handle.  5 a day is what we recommend as a start.  Leads will depend on your production  -You will get in contact with 60% of your leads...every 3 out of 5  -You will go see 2 out of those 3 (so 2 out of 5 total)  -You will close 75% of your appointment and the commissions range from $300 to $750 per sale and that does not include overrides from the referrals or your team we will help you create -So if we create 30 leads a week, you will talk to 18, see 12 and close 9.  The average sale is $175 towards Volume so $1575 in volume would produce $385 in commissions, between $450 and $4500 in weekly Bonus' and annual remewals of $385 monthly (that is only 3 of our 9 streams of income)    We have 9 streams of income;  3 that pay weekly, 3 that pay monthly and 3 that are part of a Bonus Program.  We offer monthly residuals on renewals    If we bring you on and you join us i will come stay in your city for one week and train you from A to Z and you can start today    Immediate Openings in your state  Training Provided    To apply call us at  XXX  ex 381






