If you are looking for a company where you can grow, your work is valued and you are always learning something new, then this is the job for you. A dynamic and fast paced Quick Service Restaurant Company is looking for an energetic, motivated, extremely organized, qualified and dedicated individual to join our team. The ideal candidate should inspire by possessing all the qualities and skills listed below:    REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:     • Ability to work well with a range of personalities   • Excellent customer service and people skills  • Works well under pressure   • Must be a team player  • Helpful attitude   • Punctual and responsible   • Meet deadlines  • Strong sense of accountability and integrity  • Well-organized, efficient and detail-oriented   • Knowledge of Microsoft Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Word)       RESONSIBILITIES INCLUDE:     • Quality assurance & customer service.  • Act as liaison between corporate and franchisees  • Address problems franchisees may have with corporate, vendors, and multiple other factors  • Communicate corporate requests to franchisees  • Monitor project status and take initiative in solving any issues that may arise  • Track the progress of multiple projects through several phases of development  • Lead the planning of projects.   • Implement and manage project changes and interventions to achieve project outputs.  • Coordinate with and communicate to various parties.  • Track project deliverables using appropriate tools.  • Constantly monitor and report on progress of the project to all stakeholders, most notably  COO, CEO, and franchise support.  • Present reports defining project progress, problems, and solutions.  • Constantly finding ways to improve, implement, and organize projects and overall job & daily tasks better, faster, and cheaper.  • Experience with Real Estate, Construction, Franchise Systems is advantageous.    Please submit the following in separate documents marked \"exhibit 1,\" \"exhibit 2,\" and \"exhibit 3\"    •Exhibit #1: Cover Letter  •Exhibit #2: Resume   •Exhibit #3: Salary History & Salary Requirement           






