Physicians Endoscopy, a nationally recognized leader in ASC management, development and billing, is looking for a Full-Time Billing Representative!  Our CBO is located in Jamison, PA and provides billing services for various healthcare facilities throughout the US.  Our unique structure provides growth opportunities for employees who demonstrate excellence in all aspects of their job requirements. Qualified candidates will have 2-3 years experience with processing healthcare claims and possess excellent customer services and organizational skills.  Responsibilities include:  • Responsible for billing claims on assigned schedule (currently every day). • Accounts Receivable follow up. • Perform month end closing procedure within established timeframe. • Communicate with Billing Associates and Assistant AR Representative (when applicable) to ensure that appropriate actions are taken to prepare and mail patient statements, process refunds, research unapplied accounts, and check delinquency report prior to being sent to the collection agency.  Consistently send patient delinquency letters for accounts that qualify at 30, 60, and 90 days in a timely manner. • Comply with schedule of patient phone calls in order to collect on delinquent or unresolved accounts.   • Monitor accounts for other opportunities to collect payments at time of service (i.e. co pays, deductibles, and coinsurance). • Enter all appropriate comments in Advantx clearly and concisely for tracking documentation. • Effectively communicate any relevant information to the Billing Department to either seek help in extraordinary issues or to help another team member resolve an outstanding issue.  Qualifications include: • High school diploma or equivalent  • Previous Healthcare billing and/or Healthcare accounts receivable work experience.   • Must be a team-player with excellent customer service, interpersonal, organizational and computer skills.  This important position with PE requires a team player with excellent interpersonal skills and professionalism.   Physicians Endoscopy offers attractive compensation and benefits and a pleasant working environment. For more information on our company, please visit our website at www.example.com.  EOE






full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job