Instructional Video Content Creator    Minimum Required Skills:  Expertise with one or more of the following Camtasia, iMovie, Adobe Premier  Final Cut    Once in a lifetime opportunity to join at this stage…we are a vibrant, well-funded start-up company working on a new, cutting-edge self-service platform to help small businesses better utilize online marketing. No one approaches this fast emerging market quite like we do and this gives us a huge competitive advantage. We are going after a multi-billion opportunity and are well positioned to gain huge market share based on our technology, market strategy and traction in the industry. Our executives, board members and founding team are made up of startup veterans who have successfully lead previous companies to profits, Billion+ IPO and other significant liquidity events.     You would be responsible for creating short videos (30 seconds to 5 minutes) that explain how to use our web based platform.  As such this will require:    - Understanding our technology platform    - Ability to simplify and explain complex tasks and concepts    - Ability to create high volume of short videos using video screen capture and voice over    You will work with developers, executives, and marketers, helping to innovate this new product from the ground up. If you are looking to join a growing, energetic company with a fun, work-hard, play-hard environment, then this may be the opportunity for you!    If you have expert experience creating instruction how-to videos for software or other online systems using Camtasia, iMovie, Adobe Premiere and/or Final Cut, please read on!    What's in it for you?    Job satisfaction from building and deploying cutting edge massively adopted service that will dramatically help small businesses and have measurable impact you can point to  Room for growth, challenge, & additional leadership & growth opportunities.  Competitive compensation, medical, dental & Pre-IPO Options(no relocation assistance)  Opportunity to join a firm that is making huge strides in technology and how local businesses interact and monetize the internet and reach a new client base    What you need:    BA/BS Degree   Expertise with Camtasia, iMovie, Adobe Premiere and/or Final Cut (sample videos necessary)  Background writing/scripting instructional videos  Experience with online media and technology  Excellent communications skills  Start up Mentality & energy    If you are a video content creator with this experience, please apply today!    Must be authorized to work in the United States on a full-time basis for any employer.    Looking forward to receiving your resume and going over the position in more detail with you.    Looking forward to receiving your resume!    Reach Pros    Reach Pros is an equal opportunity employer






bs-degree-needed