Westview Services – Oxnard, CA  We Believe In Creating A Better World...One Person At A Time...One Day At A Time And we've been doing just that for 25 years.  *Immediate Opening: Employment Specialist* The main responsibility of the Employment Specialist is to market Westview's services to potential employers and build business relationships with employers who have work opportunities for our disabled clients. The successful candidate is a sales driven, goal oriented person who will get great satisfaction in finding wonderful opportunities for our clients. The word \"no\" doesn't bother this person!  *Requirements:* Must be at least 25 years old. Be able to work closely with people with disabilities. Proven ability in sales, marketing and customer service skills, using these skills to passionately advocate and find jobs for people with disabilities. Must have the ability to work flexible schedules. Must have a reliable car, a valid California Drivers License, insurance, valid registration, and a good driving record. Must be able to pass post offer health physical and TB test, and criminal record clearance. Must be able to read, write and communicate in English.  *Compensation:* The Employment Specialist position offers flexible, full time hours, expected annual base pay plus commission of $30,000, mileage reimbursement, and a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, life insurance, EAP and 403b plan.  *INTERESTED? Please call  XXX  for more information.*  About Westview Services, Inc. We began as an adult center for people with disabilities, and have grown into one of the largest organizations of its kind. More than 500 employees serve about 2000 clients in 26 programs, each driven by our mission of enriching the daily lives of people through services designed to realize their potential. Through Westview Services, Inc., people with disabilities meet the challenges of daily life, gain the tools to be contributing members of the workforce, and ultimately lead more fulfilling lives.






salary full-time-job