Hastings Water Works, based in Brecksville, OH, the largest swimming pool service, maintenance and management company in Ohio, seeks a leader who always operates from the highest levels of integrity to be their new Service Manager.  This open and approachable person is self-motivated, one who encourages others, and is clearly a coach and mentor to others.  Highly focused, he/she has a sense of urgency and works effectively under pressure.    This exceptional communicator will be responsible for a division of the operations of the Service Department. This supportive person is open and approachable; he/she is self-motivated and encourages others to always do their very best.  This person is always courteous to others, caring and sensitive and responsive to the needs of others.  A smart person, he/she wants to work and always uses common sense and good judgment in problem-solving, planning, and relationships with others.  An exceptional communicator, both verbally and in writing, he/she is an active listener.    This employee is also detail-oriented and able to multi-task.  Well organized, and always prepared, he/she embraces technology and uses it to beneﬁt the total organization.  While valuing structure, this person is also ﬂexible and adaptable, able to make changes for the good of the organization.  Being a team player, he/she recognizes the values and traits of high performing teams and strives to always be a positive contributor. This excellent problem-solver, who uses common sense, must have a 4 year college degree.  It is preferred that this courteous and responsive person have at least 2 years of work experience in the Service Industry.  It is desired that this well organized and prepared person have 1 year of work experience in the Swimming Pool Service Industry.    If you want to join our Service Team, work for a fast growing successful company, appreciate being responsible and accountable, and describe yourself as focused on achieving positive results; you are invited to submit your resume and/or detailed work history via email to this job posting or US Postal to:    Hastings Water Works  10331 Brecksville Road  Brecksville, OH 44141  Attn: Human Resource Manager  






bs-degree-needed supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed