Who we are looking for  You’ve been an achiever all your life. You never needed training wheels. You are the clever type who likes an audience. You are always early. You expect to be successful in whatever you do.  You like to be challenged. Usually, you are one of the smartest people in the room. You wish you would have had the maturity to stay in school longer. Life was calling.   You are a straight shooter with a love for family and friends. You are trust worthy and loyal. You play fair, but you play to win.  If this describes you; you might have what it takes to be an executive recruiter.   Bio-Brain, a search firm located in Sarasota, FL, is hiring recruiters. We will train you for success. This is an inside sales position, which means a lot of phone work. We teach you who to call, what to say, and how to say it. We help you close your deals. But, you must be ready to give this job the biggest push of your career. We’ll put you in recruiter boot camp. You’ll learn from seasoned vets, and work one on one with other recruiters in the office.  Executive Recruiting is a high paying commissioned position. Our recruiters who have had one year experience in the business average 80K. This is a profession. It takes time to learn.  we provide a minimum base of 20K, plus commission.  You must be able to sustain yourself through the first six months of training. Don’t expect to make a good living until the seventh month. You are going to have to pay your dues. It’s not easy to be an executive recruiter, and you are going to have to go through the paces. But, if success is important to you, you know it’s worth it.   Bio-brain has been in business for ten years. Our clients are hospitals in 48 states. We place director level nurses, nursing executives, financial execs and medical directors.  If you are smarter than the average bear, and truly desire an opportunity to work with nice people for a six figure income after training, call us: Bio-Brain    XXX  ext 7013    You must live within a commuting distance from our office in order to apply. If you are moving to Florida, please contact us when you get here.






