Background  This consultant is responsible for the day-to-day administration, maintenance and support of the server infrastructure including backup services, disaster recovery, Active Directory (AD) services, Group Policy, and lifecycle management. Responsibilities include adhering to hardware standards, planning and implementing an equipment lifecycle, monitoring the infrastructure, capacity planning, and securing standard software configurations.   Minimum Qualifications • Bachelors' degree in related field and 5 years of experience in server administration and architecture or 8 years of experience with server administration and architecture. • 5 or more years experience in developing and managing server system lifecycles. • 5 or more years of technical experience with   o VMware vSphere 5.x including installation, configuration, monitoring and capacity planning; experience with distributed switching is preferred.  o Microsoft Windows Server 2003, 2008, 2012 experience a plus.  o Active Directory 2008R2, 2012 experience a plus.  o Microsoft Windows PowerShell.  o Physical server hardware, Dell and HP blade and rack-mount preferred. • Several years experience with  o Architecting and planning for disaster recovery.  o Developing and working within service level agreements.  o Patch management, monitoring, and automation tools such as SCOM, WSUS, PowerShell scripting.  o Data protection (backup and disaster recovery) tools and planning • Familiarity with   o NAS and SAN storage, NetApp experience preferred.  o Server Service Models a plus  o Microsoft SQL and Microsoft DPM a plus  o Linux experience a plus • Must be able to lift 75 pounds.    Duties and Responsibilities • Server environment review and recommendations, including lifecycle management • Develop service level agreements. • Architect and create plans for disaster recovery. • Server deployment, both physical and virtual • VMware performance, capacity, and upgrade review and planning • Troubleshooting server alerts and warnings • CIFS file share security, management and monitoring • Server (both physical and virtual) monitoring andg, day-to-day operations • Backup (tape and disk) report monitoring • Antivirus and patch management • Assists with high priority service calls/tickets • Ability to work well with cross-functional teams






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed