Fantastic Opportunity for a Nurse Practitioner or Physician's Assistant who takes pride in providing superior patient care and support.    *STATE-OF-THE-ART AMBULATORY CENTER * -  *NO NIGHTS*  - *NO WEEKENDS*  - *NO HOLIDAYS*   The *Manager of Clinical Operations* is responsible for the delegation and direction of clinical duties and radiographic duties (as applicable).  Serves as a liaison and coordinator working with the staff, physicians and patients to effect a smooth operation.  Controls time management, patient experience and wait time reporting.  Designs and implements efficient patient flow in the clinical area as well as the radiological areas through utilization of structured scheduling tactics.  Available for decisions and supports administration, as appropriate, in decisions that directly affect patient care. Practices as an PA/NP in accordance with training and licensure. Job # 1287.   Tasks may include, but are not limited to the following:  Practices as an PA/NP in accordance with training and licensure. Managing clinical, administrative, clerical personnel, as well as others assigned Direct patient flow in a fluid, fast paced environment Making sound, effective decisions regarding patient care Ensure efficiently run operations Establish and maintain work schedules Develop and implement organizational policies and procedures for assigned areas of responsibility Maintain awareness of advances in medicine, diagnostic and treatment options to ensure positive patient outcomes Manage change in an integrated health care delivery system using work restructuring, technological innovations and shifts in focus of care Prepare and analyze activity reports to inform management of status of implementation of programs, services and quality initiatives Maintain communication between internal and external clients by coordinating and/or attending informational sessions and meetings Responsible for utilizing theory based practice, infection control standards and clinical evaluations in providing care to clients in clinic setting, as evidenced by following established protocols. Other duties as may be periodically assigned by senior management.  Required:  *Physician Assistant*  Education: Graduate of an accredited Physician Assistant Program.    License/certification: Current licensure as a Physician Assistant in the State of practice Current PA Certification (NCCPA) Current registration with the United States Drug enforcement Administration (DEA) in the state of practice (if applicable in practice state) Maintains all required certification, licensures and documentation with the applicable state Medical Board on an ongoing bases CPR certification Preferred: ACLS certification  *Nurse Practitioner:*  Education: Graduate of an accredited Advanced Nursing Program. License/certification: Current licensure as a Nurse Practitioner in the State of practice Current NP Certification (AANP, NCC, ANCC) Current registration with the United States Drug enforcement Administration (DEA) in the state of practice (if applicable in practice state) Maintains all required certification, licensures and documentation with the applicable state Board of Nursing on an ongoing bases CPR certification Preferred: ACLS certification  You can find out more information about Laser Spine Institute and other job openings we have please visit our website at www.example.com     






licence-needed