 PROPERTY MANAGER JOB DESCRIPTION    Company Overview:  Oldham Goodwin Group, LLC is headquartered in Bryan/College Station, Texas. It has approximately 300 employees and serves real estate owners, investors and occupiers through Central Texas offices. Oldham Goodwin offers advisory services and execution for property sales and leasing, property and REO/project management, valuation, development services, investment management, and research and consulting.     Oldham Goodwin executes strategic, integrated and comprehensive commercial real estate brokerage services for tenants/occupiers, property owner and focused vertical industries in the office, industrial, retail, multifamily, and hospitality sectors.      Position Overview:   This is a full-time Property Manager position, located in College Station, Texas. This person will be responsible for assisting the Regional Manager in the day-to-day operations of the community. The Assistant Manager must also contain a thorough understanding of the competitive market and high standards for customer service.  Candidates should be very organized and strong in marketing, resident retention, and resident relations. Experience with student housing is preferred.     Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:  • Greet prospective residents, qualify, determine needs and preferences, and professionally present community and specific apartments while providing features and benefits.    • Answer incoming calls and handle accordingly, whether they are prospect calls, resident issues, service requests, etc.     • Accept service requests from residents and route to maintenance for prompt processing.     • Correctly complete all lease applications, assist with application verification, and notify prospective residents of results.     • Maintain accurate resident records in property management software and resident files.    • Deposit all monies in the bank and property management software prior to bank closing each day.    • Properly code and enter all invoices into property management software for payment.    • Update daily reports and submit to Regional Manager and Corporate daily.    • Organize and file all applicable reports, leases and paperwork.     • Maintain awareness of local market conditions and trends.     • Contribute ideas to Regional Manager for marketing the property and improving resident satisfaction.     • Be aware of community goals relative to resident satisfaction and resident retention.     • As a member of management, maintain a professional appearance, demeanor and interaction with co-workers and residents at all times.    Job Requirements  • One to two years of property management experience required.      • A high school diploma is required.    • Proficiency in Microsoft Office, including Word, Excel, and Outlook.     • Excellent customer service skills, time management, and ability to perform in a changing, multi-tasking environment.    • Availability to work weekends.  






full-time-job 1-year-experience-needed