Hotel Support Specialist Coach is responsible for the development of an RFP process and develop and maintain a database for hotel information to be use by the customer coaches along with developing a system for establishing and maintaining communications with hotel vendors. This position will also advise and assist the Operational Manager as to hotel industry update and trends and other duties as assigned.   ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS & RESPONSIBILITIES  Book hotels for flight crew ; Book hotels for WHQ Meetings & Events for small groups  Send out hotel promotions/updates/information and update Hotel BARS  Acts as a liaison between the Hotel Reservation Agent, Sales Representative and Accounting Department of the customer and customer coaches.  Responsible for assisting customer coaches with time-consuming hotel bookings, modifications and hotel cancellations.  Responsible for ensuring preferred hotel vendors are confirmed according to hotel rate guides.  Responsible for maintaining accurate block space allotment for specified hotels  Maintain courteous and professional relationship with all internal and external clients  Responsible for reviewing and running hotel reports on a daily, weekly, and monthly basis.  Ensure the savings data is properly entered into database.  Work with team of customer coaches to ensure associates are booked at preferred properties.  Maintains and tracks waivers and favors.  Create and maintain a database to monitor preferred hotels and assist with ongoing negotiations.  Create and maintain a system for communication with hotel vendors ; schedule & execute vendor visits   EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE  1+ years in corporate travel environment  College preferred  Intermediate level on Microsoft Office and Internet  MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS (REQUIRED SKILLS)  Excellent verbal and written communication skills  Strong interpersonal skills  Ability to work independently with control and organization  Strong attention to detail






1-year-experience-needed bs-degree-needed