The SysAdmin / Engineer is responsible for maintaining, engineering and providing thought leadership across the company’s pc’s, network, infrastructure, application data center and assisting with facility management and other responsibilities as required.  This position has a peer where all of the above responsibilities will be shared.  Essential duties and responsibilities: - Analyzing system logs and identifying potential issues with computer systems. - Introducing and integrating new technologies into existing data center environments. - Performing routine audits of systems and software. - Performing backups. - Applying operating system updates, patches, and configuration changes. - Installing and configuring new hardware and software. - Adding, removing, or updating user account information, resetting passwords, etc. - Answering technical queries from staff and attending to hardware/software related issues. - Responsibility for maintaining network and server security. - Responsibility for documenting the configuration of network and server systems. - Troubleshooting any reported problems. - System performance monitoring and tuning. - Ensuring that the network infrastructure is up and running. - Performing builds and deployment of the app for the development team. - Technology Experience - HP Proliant Servers, HP Laptops - ProCurve switches - Server OS (Windows Server 2003, 2008 R2, and some Linux) - Client OS (Windows XP, Windows 7) - MS SQL Server 2008 - Web Server Technologies (IIS 7 and 7.5) - Network Load Balancing (Microsoft NLBS) - MS Clustering Services - Virtualization - Hyper-V and VMWare - Firewalls (Palo Alto) - Storage - HP SAN (fibre channel) - Various RAID configurations - Wireless (802.11a,b,g,n)  Minimum Qualifications  - High school degree or equivalent with a higher education degree/certification in the technical fields. - Microsoft or related industry certifications a plus (MCSA, MCSE, MCITP) - Strong time management skills; able to prioritize projects to meet deadlines - Ability to effectively communicate with all levels of employees - Excellent analytical and organizational skills - A ‘whatever it takes’ attitude (high energy, friendly, professional integrity, humble, positive, confident)






supervising-job