This role is responsible for the coordination and administration of Quality Management System and Documentation to ensure compliance to the ISO 9001 & ISO 13485 International Standards.  • Monitor and maintain the controlled documentation for Quality Management System Quality Manual, Quality Procedures, Work Instructions and Controlled Templates/Forms included in the scope of the ISO 9001 & ISO 13485 Quality Management System.  • Conduct internal audits as assigned and prepare all documentation associated with the assigned internal audit. Monitor and maintain the Internal Audit Program per the Internal Audit Schedule to continually improve the QMS and ensure compliance to the ISO 9001 & ISO 13485 Standards.  • Compile and prepare the Bi-Annual Management Review Meeting documentation on the current status of the Quality Management System for approval by the President and formal presentation to Senior Management per procedural and ISO 9001 & ISO 13485 International Standards requirements.   • Maintain and continuously improve the Corrective and Preventive Action System to ensure the corrective/ preventive action and root cause analysis are effectively addressed, documented and closed in a timely manner.  • Maintain and revise approved changes to a controlled document included in the scope of the Quality Management System per the Document Control procedural processes.  Ensure all staff members affected by the change are notified per the Document Control procedural requirements.  • Facilitate all external audits.  • Perform other duties as assigned    *Education, Skills and Requirements*  • Bachelor or Associate degree is strongly preferred or equivalent experience in a technical or related quality field.  • A minimum of 3-5 years experience in an ISO 9001 & ISO 13485 Quality Management System environment.   • A minimum of 3 years experience conducting internal audits as a certified ISO 9001 Internal Auditor.  • Must be able to revise and maintain an Internal Audit Plan, Audit Schedule and conduct Internal Process Audits per ISO 9001 and ISO 13485 Standards.  • Must have excellent communication, written, verbal, and organizational skills and have working knowledge of formatting documents using the compliment of Microsoft Office Suite; (Microsoft Word 2007, Excel and PowerPoint).  • Experience working with an ERP system is a plus.  • Must have experience coordinating initiatives for projects, functions and/or organizations.    Our Company is growing in dynamic new ways and we recognize that the combination of talented people with great ideas plus the freedom to utilize their experience and expertise to deliver outstanding results to our clients are key components to our future success.     Omni Components offers an exciting and challenging work environment with a comprehensive benefits package including health, dental, life, short term disability, career development, employee referral program, tuition reimbursement, 401k, vacation, paid holidays, tool purchase program and more!    Please send resume with salary requirements.    






associate-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed