Modern free-standing emergency room is seeking an experienced laboratory technician for the evening shift (7p – 7a)…full and part-time beginning September 1.  Summary  The Medical Lab Technician shall perform, collect, maintain and interpret quality control data to insure accurate patient test results.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities • Ability to multitask and work efficiently independently. • Ability to work and function cohesively with other departments. • Collect blood specimens and process a variety of body and non-body fluid specimens for analysis. • Collect specimens following policies and procedures published by the Clinical Laboratory. • Follow established laboratory procedures for specimen handling, processing, test analysis, and reporting. • Perform routine and complex testing on patient specimens and review said results for appropriateness using the published regulatory guidelines and regulations. • Examine patient's specimens for discrepancies in collection, appearance, handling, and reject those samples that are unacceptable. • Ensure patients/specimen identification and number of specimens corresponds with request forms. • Review patient's results for obvious errors relating to specimen handling, specimen integrity, and instrument function. • Utilize the laboratory information system to input and extract patient and laboratory test data. • Prepare quality control products for analysis, perform quality control testing, evaluate and correct inaccurate reports, and document quality assurance information. • Document function checks that may include refrigerator, temperatures, centrifuge speed, and instrument maintenance. • Repeat and report critical values according to published regulatory guidelines.  • Perform proficiency and competency testing, such as hematology, coagulation, chemistry, urinalysis, and microscopic testing, as required by law and regulation. • Investigate obviously erroneous calibration data and refer all unresolved problems to the Technical supervisor. • Perform and document calibration instruments according to operator's manuals.  • Perform and document scheduled maintenance, basic troubleshooting, and function checks as described by operator's manuals.  Minimum Qualifications  • Associate degree in a laboratory science or medical laboratory from an accredited institution. • 2 years of experience within the past 2 years working as a Medical Laboratory Technician. • Working comprehension of the technical and procedural aspects of laboratory tests and clinical laboratory procedures. 






associate-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed