Paralegal  Embarcadero Center, San Francisco  Boston Properties  www.example.com    Boston Properties, Inc. (NYSE: BXP) develops, acquires, manages, operates and owns Class A office properties with locations in Boston, Washington DC, Midtown Manhattan, San Francisco and New Jersey.      The incumbent will provide legal support to Vice President, Regional Counsel with regard to leasing, property management, acquisitions and dispositions, real estate financings, real estate development, real estate joint ventures, various commercial landlord/tenant matters, litigation and other real estate related matters.     The successful candidate will possess:     High school diploma or equivalent educational certificate required. Bachelor's degree preferred.   Paralegal certificate from an accredited university or significant experience as a real estate paralegal preferred.    A minimum of 3-5 years of experience in a paralegal position, including at least 2 years of progressively responsible, related and relevant experience in the real estate industry and hands-on experience in drafting, negotiating and interpreting legal documents.   Working knowledge of real estate.   Ability to produce the quantity of work necessary to timely complete assigned tasks.   Ability to interact with co-workers, contractors, tenants, outside counsel, or vendors in an articulate, courteous and business-like manner at all times.   Ability to work under pressure and within time constraints.   Ability to work independently as well as part of a team.   Effective problem solving skills.   Strong verbal and written communication skills.   Attention to detail.   Proven initiative and demonstrated skills for organization and multi-task prioritization.   Proficiency in Microsoft Word and Outlook required.  Proficiency in Microsoft Excel preferred.    To apply, submit resume and salary requirements and reference “Paralegal” in the subject line of the email    No agencies please    Boston Properties is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer      






2-4-years-experience-needed