Columbus, OH oil refinery plant is currently seeking a Refinery Mechanic to be a part of the Maintenance department, working within the realm of equipment maintenance, troubleshooting, preventative maintenance, an instrumentation/electrical support.  *SUMMARY*  The Refinery Mechanic will function as a member of the Maintenance department, reporting to the Maintenance Supervisor. This person will work a Monday-Friday (night) shift, on call over weekends, and will work to ensure that the plant is operating efficiently within the realm of equipment maintenance, troubleshooting, preventative maintenance, and instrumentation/electrical support. Individuals must have strong mechanical aptitude, excellent communication skills and the ability to work well independently or in a team environment.  *ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES (This is not an exhaustive list of all duties that may be assigned.)*  • Disassemble refinery machinery and equipment to remove parts and make repairs. • Repair and replace broken or malfunctioning components of machinery and equipment. • Repair and maintain the operating condition of industrial production and processing machinery and equipment. • Examine parts and equipment for defects such as breakage and excessive wear. • Troubleshoot, repair, and perform preventative maintenance on test apparatus and peripheral equipment. • Assist in training Refinery employees of proper procedures to avoid equipment malfunctions and breakdowns. • Reassemble equipment after completion of inspections, testing, or repairs. • Observe and test the operation of machinery and equipment in order to diagnose malfunctions, using voltmeters and other testing devices. • Operate newly repaired machinery and equipment to verify the adequacy of repairs. • Clean, lubricate, and adjust parts, equipment, and machinery. • Analyze test results, machine error messages, and information obtained from operators in order to diagnose equipment problems. • Record repairs and maintenance performed. • Other activities as required  *QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS* The selected candidate must have demonstrated knowledge and mechanical expertise in refineries or chemical plants and equipment, industrial safety and environmental rules and regulations, and procedures for using and handling various chemicals.  The ability to work independently or in a team environment is essential. Prior experience in process-based systems preferred.  Has excellent organizational skills and is able to follow through and complete tasks as assigned.  Must be a United States citizen to be considered.  The successful candidate will have excellent interpersonal skills, communicating well with peers and superiors verbally and in writing. These interpersonal skills also relate to contacts outside the company, domestically and globally.  *EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE*  A minimum of a high school diploma required.  Excellent mechanical aptitude with 5-7 years of previous mechanical work experience.  Working knowledge of safety in a process environment.  Must possess significant knowledge of industrial equipment, both mechanically and preventative.  Basic knowledge of electrical and instrumentation in an industrial environment.  Proficiency in using computers and PLC systems preferred.  LANGUAGE SKILLS Ability to effectively read, write, and speak the English language.  MATHEMATICAL SKILLS Ability to use basic algebra to run calculations, solve problems, and create reports as required.  REASONING AND DECISION MAKING ABILITY Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to exercise judgement and assume responsibility for decisions, consequences, and results having an impact on people, costs, and/or quality of service within the refinery operations.  PHYSICAL DEMANDS Must be in good health and be able to pass all physical requirements for refinery workers, including drug tests, and such physical capability testing as required by company policies.  WORK ENVIRONMENT The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee may be occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles and toxic or caustic chemicals.  The employee will be required to wear the appropriate protective and safety equipment, such as :  Safety glasses, Face shields, Full Face and/or Half Mask Respirators Gloves, Hard hat, Hearing protection, as the situation calls for it.  The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate to loud.  $23/hr non-exempt position. Hours 11pm-8am M-F.






5-plus-years-experience-needed hourly-wage