Our client is a leader in the design and manufacture of air distribution products for the HVAC industry. They have a new opening for an exp'd Turret Punch & Break Press Operator due to increased business and are seeking an innovative, dynamic individual ready to grow with their team!  *Responsibilities* 1. Set up and operate a hydraulic Brake press or Turret Punch Press for routine established work. 2. Select correct tooling for the job task with setup documents or supervisor/lead assistance. 3. Load, install and correctly set up the tools required with some assistance from supervisor/lead. 4. Perform assigned work to time standards and quality expectations. 5. Account for time and work completed via online computer data collection system. 6. Safely operate a forklift to handle materials and completed work. 7. Make routine decisions and use problem solving to resolve basic manufacturing issues or seek assistance. 8. Report and document basic material, production and quality control issues. 9. Maintain performance log books on assigned area equipment, report deficiencies to the maintenance team. 10. Participate in equipment preventative maintenance at the operator level.  *Requirements* Must have strong metal Brake press forming and basic fabrication background.  Minimum 2-3 years experience in a manufacturing environment is strongly desired.  Basic knowledge and understanding of fabrication, hydraulic press and/or punch operations including basic set up is desired.  Competent at basic dimensional measuring and able to quickly learn the use of precision measurement tools.  Demonstrated competency in basic shop math.  Basic ability to read and understand blueprints and other shop drawing aids.  Ability to work with various types of metal forming constraints with guidance.  Flexible and responsive with a strong teamwork orientation.  Good verbal and written communication skills.  Desire to learn new skills and improve technical knowledge.  Strong orientation toward quality, safety and continuous improvement.  Ability to work well in a fast paced environment to meet team expectations.  Commitment to quality and accuracy of work performed.  Demonstrated ability to effectively implement or respond to change.  Understanding and support of Company policies and procedures.  Safety conscious behavior.  Excellent attendance.  $15-18/hr DOE. Direct hire with benefits.  *About HirePrinciple:* HirePrinciple was founded by a team of experienced executive recruiters with more than 50 years of combined experience serving clients ranging from start-ups to the Fortune 1000.  HirePrinciple, a division of LSI Staffing, knows building a qualified team is critical to achieve superior results. We also understand that the goals of each organization and individual are unique.  Accordingly, HirePrinciple's search process is customized to provide superior executive recruitment solutions and staffing needs to employers while matching qualified candidates with the career opportunities that fit their needs.  From our headquarters in Wichita, Kansas, we serve progressive employers and talented professionals throughout the United States.  Visit our website for more job opportunities at www.example.com.






full-time-job hourly-wage 2-4-years-experience-needed