Candidate MUST have experience in either the Sign or Print industry or franchise operations experience.  FASTSIGNS International, Inc. is one of the largest and most successful franchise organizations the US. As a result of our continued expansion and achievements we are looking to add support personnel. We are searching for a proven professional to fill the role of New Center Business Consultant.  Ideally this will be a Dallas, TX based position, but we are willing to consider other locations if you are near a major airport.    The New Center Business Consultant will be responsible for the direct support of new Franchise Partners as they enter the system through the opening of their center until transitioned to the Regional Business Consultant.  They will work on a variety of projects including: sales building activities, business management, operations, financial performance, hiring and training of staff and resource planning.  The ideal candidate must have:  • Prior franchise consulting experience. • Proven business management and sales growth track record. • Analytical understanding of small business financial statements and recognize trends, opportunities and successes. • Ability to travel depending on business needs. • Excellent written and verbal communication skills. • Communication skills to influence diverse groups effectively. • Multi-unit management experience. • Ability to manage simultaneous projects effectively.  Candidate MUST have experience in either the Sign or Print industry or related franchise operations experience.  In this position, you will have the opportunity to work with one of the strongest franchise organizations and develop acute professional skills.  To become part of this progressive and growth oriented organization forward your resume including compensation.   FASTSIGNS International, Inc. offers competitive salary and benefits package that includes medical, long-term disability coverage, vacation/paid time off.






supervising-job salary