SUMMARY:    Drivers deliver freight and final goods to our service centers and customers' businesses safely, efficiently and free from damage. They are also involved in unloading and distributing the freight. M & S Truck Drivers are also a key part of our customer service team, as they frequently interface with customers, forging our relationship with them and driving future business.   ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: • Able to work a flexible schedule and as many as 12-14 hours in a day, including any of the shifts (day, evening, night and weekend).  • Unload & load freight off/on trailers  • Safely operate tractor-trailer combination, including doubles (and triples, where applicable).  • Perform vehicle inspections required under section 396.13 of the Federal Motor Carriers Safety Regulations.  • Maintain a current Class A CDL with Hazardous Materials and Doubles/Triples endorsements.  • Operate and maintain records in accordance with Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regulations (FMCSR), Department of Transportation (DOT) and company policies as required.  • Provide service excellence to customers including generating sales leads to appropriate personnel.  • Prompt, daily attendance at assigned work location.  • Perform other duties as assigned.   QUALIFICATIONS:    The qualifications listed are representative of those required to successfully fulfill job responsibilities, but may include duty-specific qualifications not listed.  Contact a human resources representative for additional requirements.   Required:   Education:   High School Diploma or equivalent   Experience:   3+ years in this field or related area   Licenses & Certificates:  CDL Class A with Hazardous Materials and Doubles/Triples endorsements   Preferred:   Education:    Associates in a related field   Experience:    5+ years       License & Certificates:      None  RELATIONSHIPS:   Reports To:      Director of Operations Interfaces To:      All departments, employees, vendors, and customers   Supervises:     None    SKILLS:     • Possess and maintain a valid Class A Commercial driver's license.  • Hazardous materials endorsement required.  • Doubles/Triples endorsement required.  • Must be 21 years of age or older.  • Forklift experience preferred.  • Safe driving record and history.  • Pass DOT drug test and have no prior positive tests or refusals.  • Pass a company paid DOT physical.  • Pass a company paid Post Offer Pre-Hire screen (physical essential functions) test.    PHYSICIAL DEMANDS:    Physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform essential functions of this job.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions. Employees will lift freight and other objects of various shapes, sizes and weights (up to 50 lbs frequently and greater than 75 lbs occasionally); safely operate heavy equipment; move, position and connect/disconnect a converter dolly with an average weight/pull force of approximately 128 lbs; safely climb in and out of a tractor cab and trailer; sit for extended periods of time in a truck tractor and/or forklift; safely walk and stand for extended periods of time on various surfaces that may be uneven or slippery; operate a tractor/trailer combination up to 11 consecutive hours, in all types of weather, while safely transporting hazardous/non-hazardous materials; and safely walk, reach (including above your head), bend, climb, push, pull, twist, squat & kneel as necessary to perform the job duties.    WORK ENVIRONMENT:    Work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing essential functions of this job.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions.       While performing duties of this job, the employee frequently works near moving mechanical parts and in outside weather conditions; and is frequently exposed to fumes and gases, electrical and chemical hazards, and vibrations/turbulence.  Pre-employment and annual physicals will be provided to include appropriate immunizations as required, and a back screening.  The noise level in the work environment can be loud, possibly necessitating the use of hearing protection, and at a moderate noise level when in the office environment.  Pre-employment and annual audiograms will be provided to monitor for hearing loss.  Noise attenuation devices will be provided to all employees, but it is the employee’s responsibility to utilize these devices to prevent hearing loss.  






full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed