We are looking to hire Physical data Modeler. It's a Long Term Role.  Synechron is a recognized leader and expert in building business value for global financial services and Fortune 500 companies. With offices in USA, Canada, UK, The Netherlands, UAE, India, Singapore, Hong Kong and Japan, we provide strategy, architecture, BPM, design solutions and professional services for the implementation of enterprise level data warehouses, data delivery and transactional systems. Our clients include JP Morgan, Bank of America - Merrill Lynch, Deutsche Bank, Morgan Stanley, Bank of New York Mellon, Royal Bank of Scotland, Barclays, ING, Credit Suisse, AIG, American Express, TIAA, Citigroup, GE, BP, CIBC, and Goldman Sachs, to name a few. Our staff of 4000+ employees includes industry-recognized and published experts in Enterprise Architecture, Information Management, Data Warehousing, Integration Architecture, Web Services and Business Intelligence.  RESPONSIBILITIES • Review logical model/UML designs with business analysts and other data modelers. • Produce intermediate physical data models from the logical model designs.  REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE • Hands on working knowledge of ERwin 7.3.10 • Experience of the complete/compare function in ERwin. • Use of transforms to produce a physical model from a logical data model/UML. • Experience of generating DDLs (Data Dictionary Language). • Strong analytical and problem solving skills. • Good background working with complex data schemas. • Excellent oral and written communication skills. PREFERRED KNOWLEDGE • Experience of SAP Sybase PowerDesigner software • DB2 database software • Teradata enterprise software • Investment banking functions e.g. Trade Capture, Valuation and Counterparty Reference Data. • Investment banking asset classes e.g. equities, fixed income, foreign exchange, credit.   Thanks & Regards:  Parag Bhargava SYNECHRON -  - 4,000+ professionals globally. - USA | Canada | UK | The Netherlands | UAE | India | Singapore | Hong Kong | Japan 






