$20m and growing Apparel and Accessory Retailer seeks IT Specialist/Network Administrator. Reporting to the Global IT Director, this position will oversee the daily performance of computer systems for corporate and store operations.  Principle Duties and Responsibilities   •Responsible for network administration and support •Support basic applications, POS, PC and Server and project development. •Maintain network access, integrity and accuracy. •Install and perform minor repairs to hardware, software, and peripheral equipment, following design or installation specifications. •Set up equipment for employee use, performing or ensuring proper installation of cable, operating systems, and appropriate software. •Maintain record of daily data communication transactions, problems and remedial action taken, and installation activities. •Read technical manuals, confer with users, and conduct computer diagnostics to investigate and resolve problems and to provide technical assistance and support. •Confer with staff, users, and management to establish requirements for new systems or modifications. •Develop training materials and procedures, and/or train users in the proper use of hardware and software. •Refer major hardware or software problems or defective products to vendors or technicians for service. •Prepare evaluations of software or hardware, and recommend improvements or upgrades. Modify and customize commercial programs for internal needs. •Answer users' inquiries regarding computer software and hardware operation to resolve problems. •Enter commands and observe system functioning to verify correct operations and detect errors.  Requirements  Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience, plus 3-5 years experience in computer support and network administration, preferably in a retail operation. Comprehensive, working knowledge of computer networks, POS systems, Navision, MS Office/Outlook/Exchange/Sharepoint, Cisco IOS and other computer programs as needed. Client server configuration, active directory, TCP/IP, terminal services knowledge Attention to detail and accuracy, organization and prioritizing skills Ability to work various hours as required by retail calendar Excellent verbal/written communication, critical thinking and analytical skills. Confidentiality, judgment and problem-solving skills   No Agencies Salary history required for consideration. Fluency in Spanish and English required






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed