Experian is the leading global information services company, providing data and analytical tools to clients in more than 90 countries. The company helps businesses to manage credit risk, prevent fraud, target marketing offers and automate decision making. Experian also helps individuals to check their credit report and credit score and protect against identity theft.    Experian plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange (EXPN) and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 index. Total revenue for the year ended March 31, 2010, was $3.9 billion. Experian employs approximately 15,000 people in 40 countries and has its corporate headquarters in Dublin, Ireland, with operational headquarters in Nottingham, UK; Costa Mesa, California; and São Paulo, Brazil.    For more information, visit www.example.com.      *Position Details:*  The Strategic Account Executive will have sales and account management responsibility for a top 5 financial institution. You will be responsible for developing and maintaining close alliances with senior client management personnel, offering recommendations through formal sales presentations and written proposals, negotiating annual and individual pricing contracts and agreements.    *The Strategic Account Executive will be responsible for:*      * Developing and maintaining knowledge of client goals and critical success factors to develop Account Strategies to identify and execute applications for Experian products and services that deliver consistent quality performance to revenue goals. Identifying solution cross-sell and up-sell opportunities.      * Maintaining knowledge and awareness of key industry trends and best practices.      * Providing customer intelligence to sales and marketing management in order to position our offerings effectively. Regular client engagement that will increase client loyalty which will result in expanding revenues of Experian solutions. Applying basic business principals to manage the assigned territory in order to meet revenue goals, enhance client satisfaction, and continue building revenue base.      * Communicating client needs and requests to appropriate personnel in a manner that helps Experian justify the investment of resources and time to meet client's needs or resolve problems.      *Requirements:*      * Minimum 5 years successful sales experience with a proven track record of overachievement selling complex solutions and non tangible business value in competitive environment.      * Background in Financial Services specifically with emphasis on risk management and credit would be ideal.      * Demonstrated ability to sell at the executive level.      * Ability to effectively position complex ideas and concepts through verbal and written communication.      * Demonstrated business acumen.      * Good customer service skills and ability to adapt to different personalities.      * Ability to develop and maintain client relationships and establish loyalty at all levels within client organizations.      * Ability to work independently, possess good organization and project management skills.      * Research client organization and requirements to continually expand relationships.      * Good problem solving and analytical skills. Must have the ability to develop and work within team environment.      * PC skills including Word, Excel and PowerPoint are essential      * Bachelor's degree required, MBA strongly preferred      * Some overnight travel is required.






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job