Experian is the leading global information services company, providing data and analytical tools to clients in more than 80 countries. The company helps businesses to manage credit risk, prevent fraud, target marketing offers and automate decision making. Experian also helps individuals to check their credit report and credit score, and protect against identity theft.    Experian plc is listed on the London Stock Exchange (EXPN) and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 index. Total revenue for the year ended 31 March 2011 was US $4.2 billion. Experian employs approximately 15,000 people in 41 countries and has its corporate headquarters in Dublin, Ireland, with operational headquarters in Nottingham, UK; California, US; and Sao Paulo, Brazil.    For more information, visit www.example.com.    *Position Details:*  The BIS Account Executive will have list of named accounts, as well as a general geographic territory, focusing on the penetration of new, non-current Experian commercial customers. The focus will be on penetration of the top 1000 prospects, generating new business by selling the full suite of Experian commercial solutions. Individual will manage and close a robust sales pipeline, assertively positioning within these named accounts to generate new sales. While some cold calling will be required, cold calling support programs (resulting in warm leads) will be provided, as well as supportive targeted marketing programs.     *Key Responsibilities:*  Using an assertive consultative sales approach, the BIS Account Executive will be responsible for quickly gaining access to senior executives at targeted accounts, with the need to quickly and effectively communicate and position Experian products and services. The ideal candidate is a self-starter who thrives on the challenge of new account penetration, possesses a sense of urgency, is skilled at getting the customer to say \"yes\", and in the end being well-rewarded for the effort.    *Requirements:*      * Proven ability to close six- and seven-figure deals from start to finish      * Ability to thrive in a start-up environment      * Ability to quickly identify an opportunity and have the tenacity to follow through to sales closure      * Ability to think on feet and be rewarded for doing so with above average compensation      * Proven track record of success in a flexible and highly dynamic sales environment      * Proven performance in developing and leading execution of account attack strategies      * Advanced selling and negotiation skills.      * High degree of comfort calling on senior level (EVP+)      * Ability to travel.      * Experience interacting and relationship building with senior level decision makers      * Strong business development, account management, and relationship building skills  






