Odfjell began as a Norwegian shipping company over 100 years ago.  We have locations in Norway, Rotterdam, China, and South America, to name a few.  Odfjell Terminals (Houston), located in Seabrook, is a fully integrated shipping and terminal facility for the marine transportation, land distribution, and short and long term storage of liquid bulk chemicals.  Our working environment will challenge you and provides a varied array of people, projects, and expectations.    We are a $60 million company, are currently in expansion mode, and we need talented individuals to help us grow.    We are a large company with a small company ability to listen and react to our employees and their ideas.  Join an international organization and become affiliated with a company that keeps people, the environment, and safety our highest priorities.    We are currently hiring for a Documentation/Administrative Assistant in our Engineering Department.  This position reports directly to the Engineering Manager.    BASIC FUNCTIONS:    Provide general administrative assistant duties for Engineering department, including project document development, maintain and update Management of Change documentation, record minutes of Engineering meetings, develop Project documentation, create and distribute project documentation and job books, and process invoices.     RESPONSIBILITIES:    1. Prepare and type letters, specifications, memos, and schedules.  2. Prepare, maintain, and update project and department filing systems.  3. Prepare, maintain, and update records of department purchase orders and payment records utilizing SAP.  4. Expedite purchased items with vendors.  5. Process and verify invoices from vendors and contractors.  6. Prepare and maintain records including capital labor reports, project status reports, and attendance report.  7. Take initiative to develop and maintain department records for Management of Change events and meetings.  8. Order office supplies.  9. Travel to and from corporate office when required.  10. Other duties as assigned.  11. ABSENCE:  In case of absence, the employee’s superior may assume and/or assign responsibility for this position.    PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS/WORKING CONDITIONS:  * Close proximity to hazardous petrochemicals  * Work in Administration building or in the Terminal  * Sits at a desk for prolonged periods  • Able to handle stressful situations due to time constraints and personnel demands  • Strong organizational ability  • Able to work overtime     EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:  * High school diploma or equivalent; some college or technical degree preferred  * Five (5) years secretarial and administrative experience  • Proficient in Word and Excel  • Excellent communication skills, both written and spoken  • Experience with SAP would be helpful  • Previous experience with an Engineering company or engineering organization preferred     EQUIPMENT and SOFTWARE UTILIZED:  * IBM compatible PC  * Microsoft Windows  * Word  * Excel  * Outlook  • SAP  • General office equipment    We offer a competitive wage and have a comprehensive benefits package, including the potential for full rebates on monthly medical insurance premiums.  For employees’ retirement needs, we have a defined benefit pension plan, as well as a matching 401k.      Additional benefits are available – to learn more about them and the position, please submit your resume below.      To learn more about our company, please visit our website:  www.example.com.    We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.  All offers of employment are contingent on successful completion of a drug test and other pre-employment requirements.  






5-plus-years-experience-needed