Nurse Practitioner  HeartSavers Clinic, based in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is the leading provider of early cardiovascular disease detection and prevention services designed to measure cardiovascular disease markers, not just risk factors, to determine whether early disease is present and whether treatment to slow its progression is needed. This means everyone can be tested regardless of age, stage of life or disease progression.   We are growing!  HeartSavers is expanding and is looking for a Nurse Practitioner to supervise the evaluation and results of patients tested. The focus of this position is on providing cardiovascular disease prevention evaluation, counseling and preventive follow-up planning, and treatment services to each patient served.   The position would be working out of our downtown Minneapolis location and involves a schedule of daytime hours, working 3-5 days per week, Monday through Friday.  Specific Job Responsibilities:  • Overall supervision of the HeartSavers patient evaluation and follow-up plan development that may include follow-up visits, referral for required specialty services and/or treatment planning involving the patient's primary care provider. • Overall coordination of patient information among HeartSavers providers which may include physicians, medical residents, nurse practitioners, diagnostic technicians and other staff who may have responsibilities in the care and services provided to the HeartSavers patient. • Coordination of patient information with the HeartSavers Medical Director to insure an appropriate evaluation and follow-up cardiovascular disease prevention plan for each patient. • Work in conjunction with the Medical Director to assist in the recruitment, supervision, training and evaluation of the HeartSavers provider and support staff. • Oversee the coordination and scheduling of medical staff services, patient flow requirements and medical laboratory issues in conjunction with Diagnostic Technicians to insure the accuracy and timeliness of each HeartSavers patient evaluation. • Oversee the integration and coordination of HeartSavers services required by consulting with other clinical areas is appropriately integrated into the planning and development of each patient. • In coordination with the Medical Director, establish, implement and monitor adherence to basic medical requirement for OSHA, infection control, Joint commission, and other governmental/non-governmental regulatory and accrediting agencies. • Learn to operate all equipment in the facility and operate as needed.  Position Requirements:  • Nursing degree from an accredited institution and completed Nurse Practitioner program. Masters in Nursing Degree a plus. • Licensed to practice nursing in the State of Minnesota. • Licensed as a Nurse Practitioner. • Current DEA registration. • Patient care experience following nursing school and functioning as a registered nurse or in an equivalent capacity. • Supervisory experience as a Nurse Practitioner and/or previous experience as a nursing program and/or nursing team lead preferred. • An interest in preventative cardiology preferred.   No phone calls please.     Location: Minneapolis, MN Compensation: Dependent on level of experience. This is a contract job. Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster. Please, no phone calls about this job! Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.






part-time-job licence-needed