Sales Representative – Legal industry    Job Description  The Sales Representative is responsible for direct sales efforts to corporations through cold calling and networking. The Sales Representative will focus on developing relationships with C Level, General Counsel and Compliance to win projects involving Professional Services around litigation readiness, Gap Analysis and services for data / forensic collection, early case assessment, hosting and e-data processing.  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------  Essential Functions  • Call on C Level Executives, corporate counsel and Compliance.  • Emphasis on Litigation support to Corporate clientele.   • Set meetings and provide demonstrations for various software solutions.  • Represent our company at industry trade shows.  • Contribute to the growth of existing client business.  • Meet set quotas for meetings and revenue.  • Maintain and update sales progress reports according to agreed timeframes.  • Work closely with Solutions Engineers, Project Managers and the Professional services to deliver complete solution for the client.      Essential Knowledge/Skills  • Sandler Sales a plus  • Willingness, commitment and energy to generate new business opportunities through cold contacts.  • Outstanding relationship building skills.  • Proven track record in hunting new business.  • Ability to achieve and exceed targets while working under pressure.  • Excellent written, oral and presentation skills.  • Ability to travel for qualified business opportunities and trade shows.  •  Knowledge of the Electronic Discovery process and software helpful.  • Strong client management skills and consultative abilities.      Education and Experience   • BS/BA or JD Degree preferred.  • 3-5 years successful litigation support sales experience and developing solutions for and calling on the legal community while sustaining an aggressive pipeline.        






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed