EMPLOYER INFORMATION    Organization Name:    10-S Tennis Supply    Organization Web Site:    www.example.com    About Our Organization:    10-S Tennis Supply was founded in 1964 to provide tennis court owners with a single source supplier for all their tennis court needs. We have worked diligently over the last 43 years to provide our customers with the most comprehensive catalog of high quality tennis court products. Today we are the largest wholesale distributor of tennis court equipment, materials and supplies in the U.S! We handle the needs of a variety of different tennis facilities and court owners including country clubs, resorts, condominiums/apartments, home owners associations, municipalities, colleges, universities, high schools, contractors, exporters and private homeowners.     Job Location:    Pompano Beach, FL 33069    Hours/Week:    40 hours per week    Other Information:   This is a temporary position. Job length will likely be 2 to 4 weeks. Potential for full-time permanent position as an Inside Sales Representative for the right candidate.    Starting Salary:     $ 8.00 Per Hour    How to apply:  Email a cover letter and resume. No phone calls, walk-ins or faxes, please.    JOB DESCRIPTION  Job Purpose:   Primary role is to assist in database organization.    Tasks:  •  Operate a PC.   •  Typing customer information in to the computer system and/or Excel.   •  Store completed documents in appropriate locations.   •  Locate and correct data entry errors, or report them to supervisors.   •  Maintain logs of activities and completed work.   •  Select materials needed to complete work assignments.   •  Compile, sort and verify the accuracy of data before it is entered.   •  Compare data with source documents, or re-enter data in verification format to detect errors.     Work Context:  Requires sitting, Requires face-to-face discussions with individuals or teams, Requires being exact or highly accurate, Requires meeting strict deadlines, Includes responsibility for work outcomes and results     Work Activities:   •  Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work   •  Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates   •  Processing Information   •  Getting Information   •  use spreadsheet software   •  perform typing or data entry for extended duration   •  use computers to enter, access or retrieve data   •  use word processing or desktop publishing software   •  verify completeness or accuracy of data   •  use relational database software     QUALIFICATIONS    Education and Experience    Years of Experience:  2+  Education:   High School/G.E.D    Skills     Basic Skills:   •  Active Learning     Desktop Computer Skills:   •  Spreadsheets   •  Internet   •  Navigation   •  Word Processing   •  Databases     Knowledge Required:   •  Clerical   •  Computers and Electronics   •  English Language     Preferred:   •  Customer and Personal Service  






part-time-job hourly-wage 2-4-years-experience-needed