Spectrum Partners, LLC is a  Enterprise Information Consulting Company with a focus on assessment, deployment and sustainment of DoD voice, video, wired, wireless and emerging technologies.  Or company is seeking Cyber Electromagnetic Analysts for Spectrum Management Operations for the following duties:  Provide subject matter expertise support for proponent and non-proponent concepts, doctrine, and material requirement documents to ensure spectrum is addressed in the development, acquisition, and employment of SMO products. This shall include comments, suggestions, working group participation, or other technical support to ensure spectrum considerations is properly addressed.  Perform analysis related to the development of JCIDS capability developments documents for SMO program development IAW TRADOC Regulation 71-20.  Provide support to products and deliverables for review, approval, and release by the Government, that meet existing standards within the divisions supported.  Provide support for CIEDD developments, and SIGCOE support to TRADOC’s CIEDD ICDT and DOTMLPF assessments.  Perform RF spectrum management, which is a critical element of Electronic Warfare activities associated with CIEDD integration.  Provide Information Technology (IT), analytical and technical support in the form of training, doctrine, materiel, and concepts development for all SMO DOTMLPF related issues.  Provide management support to reporting, data collection, cost analysis and quality assurance of products unique to achieve Government products and deliverables required from the Contractor.  Provide technical and engineering support for product and capability development mission requirements in support of spectrum utilization for the EW and CIEDD programs.  Provide analysts(s) with sufficient technical knowledge, specialized expertise, experience, skills and credentials to accomplish management support requirements.  Develop procedures for the planning, management, employment and operations of new enhanced materiel solutions for Army battlefield operations, homeland defense communications and information network systems and devices.  Must have an understanding of how to recognize administrative suspense’s and requirements, track repetitive suspense’s and provide products to assist Government personnel in meeting short and long term recurring administrative and management requirements.  Provide verification and validation assessments, for review, approval, and release by the Government, on the quality of technical products submitted IAW with the PWS.  Develop SIGCOE spectrum training strategy in support of CIEDD and Program of Instruction (POI) for review, approval, and release by the Government, for Signal specific spectrum training for CIEDD.  At a minimum, the SMO Analyst provides subject matter analysis and continuity regarding all SMO related capabilities developments; knowledgeable in all areas of SMO as it relates to integration of CIEDD, EW, and Cyberspace into include doctrine, policy, and regulation; and must be capable of providing instruction and teaching tactics, techniques, and procedures (TTPs) related to CIEDD/EW/Cyberspace. The Senior SMO Analyst’s acceptable qualifications/ certifications and experience are listed below.  EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS: > A minimum of three (3) years experience in spectrum management or electronic warfare with three (3) years experience working with office productivity software programs (Word, Excel, Access and PowerPoint) and three (3) years experience/knowledge of military documentation process, capability development process, or requirements determination process.  > Knowledge of SMO systems, doctrine, and policy and experience/knowledge to coordinate and collaborate with Army proponents, units, the DA Staff and other DOTMLPF responsible agents to facilitate timely analysis and solution development required by the JCIDS process in support of CIEDD/EW/Cyberspace capabilities development.  > A minimum of an associate degree in information technology management, electronic systems technologies, or a similar technical degree/certification or a minimum of seven (7) years experience in spectrum management or electronic warfare. > A SECRET Clearance or higher  EOE www.example.com Heaquarters: 12 Christopher Way, Suite 200 Eatontown, NJ   XXX 






associate-needed supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job