SoHaR, ever since its founding in 1978, has been committed to supporting customers in the quest for improving the \"ilities\": Reliability, Availability, Safety, Maintainability and Dependability. We offer solutions that are based on a unique combination of experience and attention to customer requirements & business culture, as well as a constant awareness of bottom-line cost efficiency. The SoHaR working environment is hard to beat! We offer all the benefits of a large company with the growth opportunities and pleasant atmosphere of a small business. Our technical team is hand picked for the best professional and teamwork capabilities. Join us in our headquarter office located in Culver City, California or our field offices in Washington, DC, and Houston, Texas.   The Systems Engineer / Enterprise Architect will assist in planning highly complex engineering and architecture activities for major systems integration for the evolution of the National Airspace System (NAS) through 2025. Specific responsibilities include development and review of DoD Architecture Framework (DoDAF), System and Software level Architecting, Interface and Data Architectures system analysis, Validation and Verification, System Integration, System & Op. Performance Analysis, and Decision Analysis and Resolution. The individual will participate in government teams in the development of new technical solutions and ensure the capabilities can be fully supported throughout each phase of the strategic plan. The individual will focus on identifying next generation solutions through outreach to government and commercial sources. Additional responsibilities include routinely communicating technical risks within the FAAs planning team.   ESSENTIAL SKILL REQUIREMENTS: * Must have experience in developing and analyzing DoDAF products  * Must have excellent oral and written communication skills  * Proficiency in at least one enterprise architect tool such as IBM® Systems Architecture®, Casewise® enterprise edition, Troux ®, Envision®, Vitch® Core®, etc., including common tools used by the FAA: Microsoft Office suite®, including Visio®.  * Ability to create and use case diagrams, test cases, swim lane charts, and communicate effectively with technical and non-technical staff members and customers.  * Outstanding and proven problem solving abilities, positive attitude, and self-motivation balanced with a desire to achieve team goals, and the ability to interact with peers, management, and high level FAA customers.  * Candidate must have the ability to operate effectively in a distributed team environment and provide direct interface with customers.  * 10 years experience / 7 years FAA experience  REQUIRED EDUCATION: At a minimum, a Bachelors degree in Engineering or a related engineering field from an accredited college/university is required, A Masters degree preferred. .   DESIRED SKILLS:  * Proficiency in System Architect® or Vitechs Core® Systems Architecture tools.  * An understanding of current/ future National Airspace System operational environments in the areas of En Route and Oceanic domains.  * Knowledge of Service Oriented Architectures  * Familiar with current and emerging technologies that can be integrated and applied to customer problems.  * Knowledge of multi-dimensional tradeoff analyses across multiple technical disciplines including dimensions of performance, operational utility and cost.  * Understands conceptual and actual design of engineering solutions including supporting engineering analysis.  * Skill in creating solutions to information system integration and interoperability. 






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed