Lead Java Developer Location: Reston, VA  P.S. This is a full-time position. We are not interested in independent contractors.  This role is responsible for being a technical designer on projects and initiatives related to new development, enhancement, and break/fix efforts related to processes and code constructed with and for Java and J2EE technologies.  Persons in this role must exhibit a high degree of technical competency and leadership in the creation of process and technical designs for complex automation efforts required for business process management platform. Persons in this role must successfully exhibit the ability to work in conjunction with individual requestors as well as project oriented teams.      REQUIRED EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE  - High level of proficiency with writing new Java/J2EE and SQL. - Experience with Web services is a big plus - Experience with Java Script is a big plus - Decent understanding of .NET and database - Strong organizational skills and an ability to work without direct supervision. - Must demonstrate strong interpersonal skills in working with internal customers. - Exemplary written and oral communication skills. - Strong analytical, quantitative, and problem solving skills - Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Information Computer Systems, Computer Engineering or a related degree with equivalent work experience. - 7+ years work experience in the area of design and development using Java and J2EE technologies - Willing to relocate as required  About hCentive:  hCentive is in the business of simplifying the complex world of health insurance. hCentive provides technology solutions for health insurers and state health agencies. These solutions help them reduce cost and administrative complexity, while enhancing relationships with their customers.   hCentive is the first organization to build an exchange solution from the ground-up post the PPACA. hCentive has developed a deep understanding of the healthcare reform and have created solutions and services that align with federal and state regulations and meet or exceed all industry standards.   The hCentive WebInsure Consumer, WebInsure Medicare and WebInsure Group platforms help health insurers cost effectively acquire and manage individual, Medicare and small business customers. The hCentive WebInsure Private Exchange platform allows health plans to offer defined contribution plan marketplace to small business customers.  WebInsure State platform helps states create a health benefits exchange to comply with health insurance exchange requirements of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010.  s






bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job