Have you got years of experience in a corporate HR setting?  Are you so familiar with California employment matters you can recite relevant codes in your sleep?  Can you issue well-written memos and policy that make a difference and explain their value up the corporate ladder?  Would you like to capture a big piece of the HR consulting market and earn a big income from your knowledge?  If you answered a big yes to those questions without hesitation, we want to hear from you.  We’re a boutique HR consulting firm based in LA. We’ve got a roster of amazing clients and exploding opportunities.   We’re led by Deborah Moroz (www.example.com), a human resources expert and former employment attorney who specializes in workplace transformation, talent acquisition, corporate wellness and behavioral strategy. We work on fascinating and complex cutting-edge projects with brilliant people.  We’d like to hear from someone who can add value for our clients and help us to expand our team.  The right person will gain access and insight into a world of powerful executives, elite attorneys and celebrities. The utmost discretion and top-notch professionalism is required.  Perhaps you’ve been in a setting that hasn’t allowed you to shine. You’ve been working hard to climb ladders and make connections. You understand the value of relationships and the corporate hierarchy. You deliver great service without hesitation.   You’re looking to advance and grow. You work extremely hard. You want to be rewarded and recognized for your performance.  You also intrinsically understand the value of corporate culture, and how leadership styles in the workplace impact the productivity of the company.   You’ve been fascinated by organizational design, human performance, and professional development.   You’re excited at the opportunity to share what you’ve learned with others, and to see how your work transforms people’s lives.  Our business requires people who can work on intense, fast-paced and self-managed projects.   You will be an independent contractor with a 1099 relationship.   We will connect you with opportunities and contract work with you under our company.   You will interact directly with our clients as a representative of our company.   You are expected to furnish the basic tools of consultancy, including but not limited to computing, communication, and transportation. We encourage you to find ways to learn and grow, but we will not set limits on your work potential.  Send us a resume and a cover letter to the link above – show us how your career is on a trajectory for HR SuperStardom – tell us why you deserve to shine. Let us know about your personality, and we encourage you to share your passions with us.   We’re passionate people who believe highly in what we do each day, and we want to work with people who share our excitement.   We’d like to know more about you, and we want to make sure you’re up for the challenge.  Thank you for taking the time to craft and hone your response to demonstrate your communication skills.






