American Reprographics Company (“ARC”) provides specialized document solutions to businesses of all types, with an emphasis on the non-residential segment of the architecture, engineering and construction (“AEC”) industry. ARC offers conventional reprographic services, as well as managed print services, digital color printing, and proprietary document management technology products and services. Our products and services enhance our customers’ document workflow, reduce costs, shorten document processing and distribution time, improve the quality of document management tasks, and provide a secure, controlled environment in which to manage, distribute and produce documents. ARC is the largest reprographics company in the United States as measured by number of service facilities and revenue. We also have significant operations in Canada, and a growing presence in China, India, and the United Kingdom. We are the only document solutions company serving the AEC industry that can provide nationwide, comprehensive document management services through a combination of local service facilities in more than 40 states, 12 digital color service centers, online channels including web-based applications, and traditional software. Our largest customers are served by ARC Global Solutions, a corporate sales force focused on large regional and national customers.  Our products and services are available from any of ARC’s 220 service centers around the world. We are concentrated in the U.S., with additional service centers in Canada, China, India, and London, England. Our corporate headquarters are located in Walnut Creek, California.  We operate a technology center in Silicon Valley to support our reprographics services and software design. We operate a similar facility in Kolkata, India, to support our research and development efforts.   The Role: The SharePoint Administrator and Project Manager is responsible for the analysis, design, support, delivery and administration of SharePoint and other systems solutions. There are two aspects to the role:  (1) SharePoint Design & Administration:  The Analyst will perform SharePoint design and administration duties and system analysis. The Analyst will work closely with cross-functional teams across departments to provide support and translate user requirements into detailed business solutions, specifications and project delivery. The system analysis duties will require working with developers to turn designs into solutions, unit testing solutions, working with end-users on user acceptance testing and migrating projects through post implementation and into operations.  (2) Project Management:  Over time, the Analyst and manager will be the link between the business teams and the application development teams, and the operation of the SharePoint and related systems.  Ongoing, the Analyst will support manager to work with the business teams in the capture process: • Collect and help analyze requirement • Participate in the definition of the solution • Prescribe the infrastructure (Cloud, HW, OS, Middleware) supporting the solution • Document the technical architecture text and drawings • Provide costing estimates  Desired Qualifications:  SharePoint Skills:  Design and administration experience with SharePoint Server is a must • Understand physical and logical server architectures for SharePoint Server  • Experience in the implementation, and support of complex applications  • Experience with IIS 7 web server administration and Windows OS  • Experience with .NET development technologies  • Experience with load balancing technologies  • Experience with Enterprise Web Security Models and architectures -Experience with performance monitoring tools/techniques  • Experience with MS SQL Server  • Understanding of Active Directory • Basic HTML/ASP skills • Experience in code development for SharePoint  Professional Skills:   • Must be capable of advanced level of business understanding and knowledge • Ability to get results in a very decentralized and loosely structured organization  • Ability to work autonomously and in a team environment • Strong customer service skills • Good communicator (to the business and to IT engineers) with strong oral, written, and drawing skills.  Must be able to interact effectively with end users and other service providers including programmers to expedite support activities. • Analytical, possessing strong problem solving skills • Must be willing to work diligently to meet deliverable deadlines  • Demonstrate strong desire to develop new technical knowledge and professional skills  • Project planning and deliverables management • Experience performing system analysis duties • Experience working on projects that span a broad range of systems and enterprise wide complex components  Education & Work Experience: • B.S. in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business Administration or other equivalent field • Certifications in SharePoint a plus • At least 3-5 years of related IT experience in progressive roles within an organization  






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job