Inside Technical Sales Representative (TSR)  ProAccura, a Nashville Tennessee based Information Security and Technology Solutions provider, is seeking an experienced Inside Sales Representative. The Business-to-Business sales positions within the company are instrumental in fueling the growth of the company’s dynamic Information Technology Security offerings and driving a key component of the overall company revenue within the Team approach sales structure.    We direct sales and marketing efforts to the financial industry (banking, public accounting, etc), with the focus being smaller institutions and professional firms.  We are expanding the marketing of our products and services to include healthcare and other regulated industries.      • A two or four-year college degree is preferred.  • The ideal candidate will have 4+ years’ proven experience in successful business-to-business inside sales, account management and account development experience within the technology or consulting industries.    • Collaborate with inside and outside team mates in building a robust sales pipeline via telephone lead acquisition that drives ProAccura and the development of our leads through the sales cycle, including post-sales support and relationship building.  • Conducting WebEx & PowerPoint presentations via conference calls with prospects and customers.  • Assist in the preparation of proposals, RFP responses, and contract packages.  • Act proactively to identify opportunities for new business with existing/prospective customers.  • Ensure failed bids and non-accepted proposals are closed out graciously.  • Collaborate with the Marketing and Executive Management in completing sales campaigns and market studies.  • Deliver written quotes and product suggestions to prospects and customers.  • Record activity in CRM/Sales Management system.    ProAccura offers outstanding potential for growth, training, an excellent support structure, impressive earning potential (base + bonus/commission + expenses) and a comprehensive benefits package including health, dental, vision, life insurance, AD&D, Short and Long Term Disability Medical and Dependant Care and 401K with company match.    The ideal Inside Technical Sales Representative must be able to demonstrate excellent negotiation, communication and problem solving skills in a fast-paced, technical, business environment.      For immediate consideration and to get more information on ProAccura, and the full position description, please respond to this posting.






2-4-years-experience-needed