*Summer Camp* – Directly manage and lead Adventure Camp, one of the four summer camps within Rye Y Camps.  An ideal candidate would be responsive to the needs and development of camp staff and 40 campers during the ten week summer camp season.  Provide organized and timely planning of program schedules, team and parent communications, daily camp trips and special event programs.      *Family Programs* – Teen & Family Coordinator will assist in the launch of new programs such as Adventure Guides, cooking programs, as well as new family events.  This position assists his/her supervisor in the implementation of new and untried youth Special Needs Programs and will need the know-how to lead these programs into a new future for the Rye Y.      *Teen Outreach* – Will directly plan and run programs that include Saturday Teen Nights, monthly collaborations with community programs and schools as well as trips throughout the year.  The Teen & Family Coordinator will be expected to work Tuesday – Saturday to cover Saturday inclusion programs and Teen Night.  An ideal candidate will bring new experiences and talent in the field of teen and pre-teen programming.    *Recess Outreach Program* –This position will be off-site at local elementary schools 4 days a week providing skill development and instruction as a role model at an assigned school.      *MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS*  • Bachelors Degree in Education, Recreation Management or equivalent preferred  • 3+ years of part or full-time experience in YMCA or related work  • Demonstrated ability to produce positive results in the areas of program development and curriculum planning.  • Demonstrated commitment to the mission and purpose of the YMCA.  • Ability to establish and maintain positive relationships throughout the YMCA movement and with the community  • Strong leadership skills  • Proven written and verbal communication skills  • A professional image and the ability to work harmoniously with staff, members and the community    *Salary Range - $31,000 - $34,000*    *Additional Compensation Details*:  Competitive base salary commensurate with experience plus retirement contribution (12% fully paid by association), Paid Time Off plan (PTO), LTD, Group Life, Health plan and other benefits per Employee Handbook.    






2-4-years-experience-needed salary bs-degree-needed