The Outside Sales Account Manager is responsible for cultivating new relationships with businesses that accept or need to begin accepting credit and debit cards. This includes introducing our company, evaluating potential clients’ needs, presenting solutions, and capitalizing on opportunities to close sales.      About the Company  The Bankcard Group is a full service provider of electronic payment services to thousands of businesses of all sizes and types. We offer a comprehensive suite of payment services including point of purchase card authorization and settlement, e-commerce solutions, and a wide variety of alternative payment acceptance methods. We process Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, PIN based debit, Gift Cards, Electronic Check Conversion, and more. We are looking for Outside Sales Account Managers to offer our products and services to locally owned and operated businesses of any size.    We offer our Outside Sales Account Managers:     •Upfront Commissions, Monthly and Weekly Bonus Incentives   •Lifetime Residual Income   •Healthcare Benefits   •Classroom and Web Based Training   •Ongoing Training and Support from Experienced Sales Managers   •Direct Access to All Levels of Management Team   •Opportunities for Advancement    Our compensation package is designed to reward performance. We are looking for cream of the crop sales talent and we are willing to pay generously for it. We do not offer a base salary. This enables us to maximize the compensation package for those who perform.    Qualified candidates will possess:     •Highly developed interpersonal and communication skills   •Strong organizational skills   •Ability to work effectively without supervision   •Strong desire to succeed   •Strong discipline and work ethic   •Bachelor degree a plus but not a requirement    We look forward to visiting with you!      ATTENTION CANDIDATES:  Before you apply, please click the link below to watch a video that contains more details about this career and our company.     www.example.com






