SUMMARY:  Established and busy internal medicine practice in Stone Oak looking for an experienced LVN. Under general supervision in an outpatient clinical setting, provides initial patient triage, registration, and administrative services, assists with direct patient care, and performs specialized medical procedures of a routine nature, as dictated by established clinical protocol.  DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:  1. Assists with direct patient care procedures and related tasks; checks in patients, assists in obtaining patient histories, takes vital signs, prepares charts, assists with medical examinations and Rx refills. 2. Performs routine specialized procedures, such as venipuncture and sterile dressing changes under established protocols. 3. Maintains stocks of medicines and medical supplies as necessary. 4. Educates and advises patients on specified medical issues within established parameters. 5. Schedules and monitors patient appointments; may coordinate routine office activities and administrative functions in support of unit activities. 6. Performs miscellaneous job-related duties as assigned. 7. Abstracts charts to EMR system.  MINIMUM JOB REQUIREMENTS: At least 5 years of experience that is directly related to primary care and the duties and responsibilities specified.   KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES REQUIRED:  - Knowledge of patient care charts and patient histories. - Ability to educate patients and/or families as to the nature of disease and to provide instruction on proper care and treatment. - Ability to perform standard clinical procedures according to established protocols. - Knowledge of patient evaluation and triage procedures. - Ability to perform routine invasive procedures, such as venipuncture in accordance with established clinical protocol. - Ability to maintain calendars and schedule appointments. - Experience with EMR system required - Must be able to use EMR system. - Ability to lead and educate Medical Assistants  Compensation: Hourly/Medical and Dental/Paid Vacation






hourly-wage licence-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed