Director of Software Engineering    Our Client  A medical imaging and clinical data management company dedicated to improving patient outcomes by providing innovative healthcare solutions and services.    Job Summary  The Director of Software Engineering will provide overall strategic and organizational leadership for software development. This position is responsible for leading a team of software engineers and overseeing the full product development lifecycle in a regulated environment. The Director will ensure the business objectives, as related to software development and maintenance, are met. The Director will also foster a culture that strives for continuous improvement, with a focus on delivering measurable results and software products on time and on budget.  - Medical device product development experience and a strong understanding of FDA, CE and ISO standards is preferred.    Duties and Responsibilities:  Leadership  - Consult on a regular basis with the development team, product management, and executive leadership to align expectations and deliverables.   - Provide strategic and organizational leadership for the software engineering team; creating a vision, developing plans and executing these for top quality software and continuous improvement.  -Work with product management to estimate scope, complexity and time-frame of new software development initiatives.  - Provide a focal point for the company to assure effective working relationships with other departments, IT, Sales & Marketing, Operations, and QA/RA.  - Build and nurture a software development team that embraces innovation, creativity, quality and reliability.  - Leverage the use of internal and external software resources to maximize product development effectiveness.  Software Development  - Responsibilities include all aspects of software development: product applications, technologies, infrastructure, tools, operating systems, libraries.  - Ensures, through management and project teams, the completion of software projects to spec, on time, and with quality.  - Enhance and mature the software development lifecycle by applying industry best practices, processes and metrics.  - Establish/ revise software coding standards, software architectures, communication protocols, etc.  - Drive standardization and re-use across different development projects, where applicable.  - Foster a culture that maintains relationships with key customers to facilitate on-going flow of information concerning current and new product needs, product development initiatives and market conditions that impact software product development.  - A focus on improving the customer experience of software through: procedural knowledge, customer focus, user centered design and usability.  - Research, explore and validate the next generation of solutions that support or enhance software engineering practices (architecture, operating system, SW languages, development tools, test methods, automation, collaboration, diagnostics, security, remote access) and leverage this knowledge across sector software development.  - Evaluate and make technical recommendations for systems and negotiate scope to better support and meet business needs.  - Collect and convert functional requirements to architecture and technical specifications.  - Actively pursues opportunities to protect strategic innovation and secure intellectual property.   - Contribute, when applicable, to the development of software to support short and long term business objectives.  Performance Management  - Provide leadership and guidance to staff for professional development, which includes regular development planning/execution, mentoring, coaching, education and training.  - As functional lead, perform workforce planning to ensure ready and available source of qualified software professionals for new product development efforts.    Financial  - Develop, monitor, and manage cost center budgets for software development functions.  - Develop business case justifications and cost/benefit analyses for software development spending and initiatives.    Quality/Compliance  - Participates in compliance audits, Corrective And Preventive Action (CAPA) activities, and product compliant investigations as required to support the business.  - Implement processes within the software groups that improve the quality and compliance of software development and releases.  Qualifications:  Education and Experience   - BSEE or BSCS or related experience. A Masters in Computer Science is desirable.  - Minimum of 10 years of increasing responsibility in a variety of product development or business management positions.  - Direct people management experience, leading software teams.   - Demonstrated ability to work independently and handle multiple deadline-driven projects simultaneously.  - Experience developing, delivering, deploying and maintaining software products in a regulated environment is preferred.  - Understanding of FDA and HIPAA regulations is preferred, but not required.    - Experience contracting with, and managing, third party software consultants within and outside the U.S is considered a positive.   - Experience with multiple operating systems including variants of Windows, Linux and associated software languages/tools.  - Experience using Agile (SCRUM) methodologies is required.    Knowledge, Skills and Abilities   - The candidate should be familiar with a range of software architectures, technologies, platforms, and tools, including web technologies.  Experience with web based software applications is required. Ruby on Rails experience is preferred.  - Must be a creative problem solver with a passion for innovation and creativity to bring successful new products to market.  - Must have the ability to deal with ambiguity, establish strong relationships and demonstrate flexibility while driving for consistency, results and accountability.    - Ability to make pragmatic decisions about design, architecture, and implementation.  - Medical device product development experience and a strong understanding of FDA, CE and ISO standards is preferred.    Flexibility on work location is possible, Boston Area or NH.  Working from home office 2/3 days per week, with the balance at corporate office.    Please send resume in MSWord.doc format.  






5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed