We are seeking a Senior Financial Analyst to join our growing team of professionals. The Senior Financial Analyst will be responsible for preparing financial analysis, consolidation and analysis of Evraz NA group’s financials and development of reports of the business performance through evaluation of sales, costs, working capital, investments etc. If you meet our background requirements and are looking to grow your career with a company that is progressive in their approach to people and business, this is the ideal opportunity for you!   Job Responsibilities  • Prepare and review the Company’s financial reports and analysis of key business drivers to provide recommendations to management. • Prepare consolidated forecasts and budgets for Director FP&A/Manager FP&A review. • Development of financial models depicting key financial and operational relationships. • Support the business in developing decisions for viability of merger or acquisition through analysis of companies’ financials, as required. • Compilation and analysis of headquarters and consolidated budgets and long range plans. • Conduct reviews and analysis of cash and balance sheet elements. • Create and provide ad-hoc reports accurately, timely and in a concise and understandable format, as required. • Recommend changes in policies and procedures to increase efficiency of operations or to improve safeguards over company assets. • Support internal and external auditors in the performance of internal control reviews, year-end and interim financial audits/reviews, as required. • Maintain up-to-date knowledge of finance concepts and generally accepted accounting principles. • Assist with accounting, financial reporting and special projects, as needed. • Assist with training of Financial Planning & Analysis analysts as required, provides expert advice to peers, as needed.  Job Requirements  • BA/BS in finance, accounting, economics, business or related field; MBA a plus. • CMA/CPA/CFA is preferred. • 4 years total experience in finance or accounting roles, including applications of accounting principles, business and/or financial analysis, cash management, etc. • Prior experience in an international manufacturing organization is desirable. • Knowledge of International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and understanding of GAAP principles, a plus. • Advanced skills and expertise with spreadsheets (Excel) and other PC skills required. • Knowledge of and experience with financial modeling desired. • Experience with Oracle Financial systems is desirable. • Ability to work independently and with team members. • Must be detail-oriented, analytical, problem solver and creative thinker. • Excellent communication skills and interpersonal skills.  Benefits  We are an equal employment opportunity/affirmative action employer. M/F/V  EVRAZ North America offers competitive wages and excellent benefits. We also believe in developing our people both for growth within EVRAZ North America and within the EVRAZ group overall.  To learn more about pay and benefits, please apply today!  






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed