BUSINESS FUNDABILITY is a rapidly growing National Organization dedicated to helping start-ups and small businesses build strong credit, obtain needed financing, and grow their business.  We have developed a world-class system available online that has gained national recognition from respected organizations.  We are seeking highly motivated Account Executives to help promote the Business Fundability system to referral outlets and small business owners here in our local area.  *The ideal candidate will love working with people, have excellent interpersonal skills, feel comfortable starting new relationships and making presentations, and be able to learn quickly and work independently.*  They will be willing to travel to local banks, credit unions, CPA offices, networking functions, and other small business events and referral outlets to present the benefits of the Business Fundability system and sign up accounts.  Some experience in the financing industry is helpful but not necessary.  Training, certification, and weekly strategy meetings will be provided, as well as a CRM system to keep track of your accounts.  We will also provide comprehensive lists of referral outlets in the area that have not yet been signed up as accounts. In addition, you will have a local coach and support specialist to help you have success in setting up these accounts.  With this position you have the ability to set up a recurring revenue stream through your referral outlet accounts.  It is a generous 50/50 commission based position that is worked as an independent contractor, allowing you the freedom to work on your own time and on your own schedule.   The Business Fundability system is growing quickly in popularity and once accounts with local organizations are created they are maintained and retained by the account executive that sets them up.  As such, *local Account Executive positions are limited and expected to go quickly.*  If you feel that you are a good fit for this position, please apply.  We look forward to speaking with you about the opportunity!






