Provide day-to-day support & strategic leadership, in partnership w/the  Cap Liquidity Modeling Dir, for the Cap liquidity stress test modeling framework to ensure compliance w/regulatory requirements & company liquidity risk tolerance policy. In addition, the role requires leadership to constantly improve Capital’s liquidity measurement capability via scenario assumptions enhancement, improved data inputs, industry benchmarking & analytics/reporting simplification project leadership.  Essential Responsibilities - Lead daily stress test modeling to ensure Capital’s current & forecasted liquidity is in line with policies, industry and regulatory requirements. - Assist in the development and testing of data management definitions and reporting requirements for  liquidity stress tests. - Partner with Treasury Finance to project required liquidity as part of the Capital’s strategic funding planning and allocate associated liquidity carry costs to business lines. - Prepare/enhance reporting to senior management in Treasury /  Capital & the Audit Committee. - Build strong model control processes that are in compliance w/ regulatory standards. - Work with cross-functional partners to ensure data input timeliness and assumption adequacy. - Ensure stress test operating procedures & assumption documentation is maintained. - Drive liquidity audit & regulatory exam readiness.  Qualifications/Requirements: Basic Qualifications: - Bachelor degree in Finance, Economics or related field - 4+ years experience in same or related field - Financial services experience in Treasury, Finance, Capital Markets &/or Liquidity Risk Management - Complex financial scenario model building, maintenance & reporting experience (excel) - Strong communication and influencing skills demonstrated across boundaries and multiple layers of an organization - Demonstrated success in delivering projects and driving process simplification - Ability to manage multiple, competing demands and audiences - Energetic and self-motivated  






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed