A Denver based national provider of electro-chemical water treatment systems is hiring a full-time, qualified Operations & Customer Service Manager with experience as a building engineer.  Manager will be responsible for developing and executing long-term strategies to enhance client relations in water treatment and drive business performance while promoting Silver Bullet as the water company of choice.  Job Description: This manager is responsible for the operations department:  installing, materials tracking, customer service and technical support. The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate a clear focus on innovative solutions and ongoing assessment of technologies available to invigorate and improve performance, results and quality of the customers’ experience. Strong leadership and motivational skills will be essential in fostering a creative, cohesive, innovative and safe working environment that promotes continuous learning; continuous improvement and pride in achievement. The candidate should have knowledge of Microsoft Suite and have strong organizational and customer service skills.  Excellent written and oral communication are a must.   Job Responsibilities: • Assist in operating and maintaining water treatment units at current accounts • Interact and communicate Building Engineers and Maintenance professionals • Function as an informational/technical source to all company departments • Synthesize data and translate insights into relevant, usable, actionable strategic and tactical recommendations • Document activity for daily, weekly, and monthly reporting and auditing • Adhere to company goals and objectives of safety, quality, business ethics, and budget • Follow management directives and provide relevant feedback • Interact with a diverse employee and customer base in situations requiring tact, poise and diplomacy  Ideal Candidate: You are interested in new technology but have significant experience in traditional industry.  You have proven that you can work independently, with little management oversight.  You have demonstrated success in your field and achieved respect from your peers. • 5+ year diversified experience organizing and managing accounts as building engineer • Technical experience with HVAC, chemical water treatment, mechanical, etc. background a plus • Executive-level visioning, strategic mindset, sense of urgency and determination.   • Confident team-oriented person motivated to conduct professional tests and reports • Active driver’s license and clean driving record; willingness to travel statewide/regionally  Salary & Benefits: We offer a competitive benefit package: • Salary (to be determined by education and experience) • Health Insurance • 401K • Paid vacation, time off/sick pay and Holidays  Company Description: Silver Bullet Water Treatment LLC is committed to providing building owners and managers with the most cost effective and environmentally responsible water treatment solutions for cooling towers available on the market. The company’s proprietary, proven electro-chemical water treatment system virtually eliminates microorganisms and scale formation, without the use of any added harmful chemicals. Silver Bullet’s patent pending technology is successfully operating in office buildings, hospitals, data centers, hotels, convention centers, factories and other commercial and industrial locations throughout the United States.  Silver Bullet recognizes the importance of monthly water treatment testing. We work closely with water treaters across the country to provide quality testing services for our customers. Silver Bullet is headquartered in Denver, Colorado. Visit us at www.example.com.  






5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job salary