Job Description: A Denver based national provider of electro-chemical water treatment systems is hiring a part-time, experienced Bookkeeper to manage our Quickbooks account: A/R, A/P and reconciliation.  The bookkeeper is needed in the office 2-3 days per month to manage A/R and A/P.  Reconciliation must be completed by the 10th of each month.  Bookkeeper will report directly to President.  Job Responsibilities: • Revise and maintain chart of accounts to match pro-forma • Match pro-forma budget with real time accounting • Set up monthly budget variances • Input invoices from vendors and cut checks accordingly • Submit invoices to customers by the 28-30th monthly • Record income and deposit checks • Reconcile each month by the 10th • Keep current reports for board of directors  Ideal Candidate: Available for immediate hire.  Quick to learn, self-motivated professional with  10+ years’ experience using Quickbooks.  Hourly wage to be discussed during interview, based on experience.    Company Description: Located in North Denver/Stapleton Area: Silver Bullet Water Treatment LLC is committed to providing building owners and managers with the most cost effective and environmentally responsible water treatment solutions for cooling towers available on the market. The company’s proprietary, proven electro-chemical water treatment system virtually eliminates microorganisms and scale formation, without the use of any added harmful chemicals. Silver Bullet’s patent pending technology is successfully operating in office buildings, hospitals, data centers, hotels, convention centers, factories and other commercial and industrial locations throughout the United States.  Silver Bullet recognizes the importance of monthly water treatment testing. We work closely with water treaters across the country to provide quality testing services for our customers. Silver Bullet is headquartered in Denver, Colorado. Visit us at www.example.com.   Apply by submitting resume, 3 references and cover letter.  Provided references are required to be considered for this position. 






hourly-wage 5-plus-years-experience-needed part-time-job