Silver Bullet Agricultural Services, manufacturer of a new and revolutionary, patented process to treat animal drinking water, is seeking an Agricultural Sales Representative to perform both direct sales and dealer management functions targeted at the livestock operations industry throughout the U.S. We have packaged our product in a risk free, no up-front capital, no obligation rental offering to the end user and sales are beginning to take off. The most successful candidate will be someone who already has strong ties and experience in the agriculture market and the livestock services market in particular. Industry connections will be more important than knowledge of the livestock industry. Responsibilities include but are not limited to:  • Effectively selling the company’s products and related services by establishing, nurturing and maintaining relationships with potential farmers and dealers in the assigned territory • Perform cold calls and build relationships with prospective customers and dealers • Open and gain new accounts   Requirements:  • Bachelor Degree or equivalent work experience • Strong selling skills, interpersonal skills and excellent listening and communication skills • 8-10 years of experience in a direct sales capacity • Experience and a track record of successfully selling to or for the agricultural industry • Ability to work with minimal supervision • Active driver’s license and clean driving record; willingness to travel statewide/regionally/nationally • Working knowledge of Microsoft Office Suite. Salesforce.com a plus.   Silver Bullet offers an impressive compensation and benefit package including a base income of $50-$60K, uncapped commission program, reimbursed expenses, and excellent benefits which include health insurance, 401(k) Plan, paid vacation, time off/sick pay, holidays and much more.   About Silver Bullet: Silver Bullet Agricultural Services is committed to producing healthier animals by making animal drinking water safer. The company’s proprietary, proven electro-chemical water treatment system virtually eliminates microorganisms and scale formation, without the use of any added harmful chemicals. Silver Bullet’s patent pending technology is successfully operating in dairy farms, feedlots, pig farms and poultry operations as well as office buildings, hospitals, data centers, hotels, convention centers, factories and other commercial and industrial locations throughout the United States.  Silver Bullet is headquartered in Denver, Colorado.   Visit us at www.example.com






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed