Job Description: A Denver based national provider of electro-chemical water treatment systems is hiring a full-time, experienced Operations Manager familiar with the water industry who would lead and manage all facets of the operations of our two main industry groups: Agriculture and Cooling Tower . Silver Bullet rents its patented water conditioning system both directly to clients and through a nationwide network of distributors.  The COO will be responsible for the effective delivery of our products and services to end-users, both directly and through the distribution network, including manufacturing, installation, field operations and troubleshooting, parts replacement (both pro-active and reactive), pre-in-service and post-in-service technical support, ongoing preventative maintenance, reverse logistics and quality improvement.   Job Responsibilities: • Implement and lead a continuous quality improvement process in the two main industry groups, focusing on systems and process improvement to maintain equipment in the field month after month.   • Oversee logistics of the department: work orders, scheduling, shipping and planning of team and service tickets using ERP systems software programs. • Direct a network of field staff to monitor equipment performance, including start-up, training, and ongoing maintenance. Promote regular and ongoing opportunities for all staff to give feedback on operations.  • Lead a high performing team by further developing and implementing recruitment, training, and retention strategies for New Dealers.  • Provide effective and inspiring leadership, as well as stewardship, by being actively involved in all dealer programs and Silver Bullet products and services.  • Interact and communicate with dealers, building engineers and maintenance personnel to offer technical advice when problems arise. Function as an informational/technical source to all company departments; follow management directives and provide relevant feedback • Prepare and submit an annual operational budget to the CEO and CFO for review and approval, manage effectively within this budget, and report accurately on progress made and challenges encountered. • Ensure the continued financial viability of Silver Bullet’s program/service units through sound financial management. Provide product and process leadership and input for all strategic planning processes with the CEO and management team.  • Ensure that all activities operate consistently and ethically within the mission and values of Silver Bullet. • In collaboration with the Senior Management Team, represent Silver Bullet with external constituency groups, including community, government, and private organizations.  Qualifications • At least 10 years of professional experience overall, with a minimum of five years of senior-leadership experience supervising seasoned staff operating multiple human services programs across a wide geography.   • Solid educational background including an undergraduate degree in Water Management, Fluid Mechanics, Environmental Engineering and an MBA or similar advanced degree. • Strong relationship builder and communicator with experience leading diverse work teams, developing an organization-wide strategy for program excellence, engaging Dealer partners, and partnering with a CEO and board of directors. • Ability to point to tangible experience of reporting and program measurement and evaluation. • Demonstrates integrity, strives for excellence in her/his work, and has experience of leading others to new levels of effectiveness and program impact. • Passionate about Silver Bullet’s mission and able to promote and communicate the philosophy, mission and values of Silver Bullet to external and internal stakeholders. • Ability to travel 50% of the time to provide on-site leadership for multi-state operating units and programs. • Experience in water treatment industry and/or chemical water treatment industry will definitely be an asset  Salary & Benefits: We offer a competitive benefit package: • Competitive Salary • Health Insurance, 401k • Flex-Time: Paid vacation, time off/sick pay and Holidays  Company Description: Located in North Denver/Stapleton: Silver Bullet Water Treatment is committed to providing building owners and managers with the most cost effective and environmentally responsible water treatment solutions for cooling towers available on the market.  Aside from cooling towers, the Silver Bullet is also being commercially used for agricultural services, including livestock drinking water.  Treating drinking water for livestock allows the animals to drink more water and stay healthier due to the dramatic reduction of bacteria in the water. The company’s proprietary, proven electro-chemical water treatment system virtually eliminates microorganisms and scale formation, without the use of any added harmful chemicals. Silver Bullet’s technology is successfully operating in office buildings, hospitals, data centers, hotels, convention centers, factories and dairy, poultry and pig farms throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico.  Silver Bullet recognizes the importance of monthly water treatment testing. We work closely with water treaters across the country to provide quality testing services for our customers. Silver Bullet is headquartered in Denver, Colorado. Visit us at www.example.com.






5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job ms-or-phd-needed salary