*Description:* The Research Assistant will work under the general supervision of the President and Director of Operations in the Silver Bullet Agricultural division. Topics will include water technologies and applications to various related fields, including but not limited to: market research, irrigation, water conditions nationwide, etc. This assistant will have the opportunity to step in and fulfill immediate needs for the company as last minute requests occur.  This is a paid internship, hourly wage to be determined by education and experience.  *Ideal Candidate:* You have a Bachelor or Master Degree in progress or recently completed in Chemistry, Biology, Environmental Sciences or relevant area of study.  You have familiarity in water chemistry. You excel at prospecting and searching out new ideas. You have proven that you can work independently, with little management oversight. You enjoy researching and compiling reports. You are enthusiastic about green alternatives and environmental sustainability, have the ability to multi-task, think critically, and deliver professional written results. You are a confident team-oriented person motivated to think outside the box to find the answer.  *Company Description:* Located in North Denver/Stapleton Area:  Silver Bullet Water Treatment is committed to providing building owners and managers with the most cost effective and environmentally responsible water treatment solutions for cooling towers available on the market.  Aside from cooling towers, the Silver Bullet is also being commercially used for agricultural services, including livestock drinking water.  Treating drinking water for livestock allows the animals to drink more water and stay healthier due to the dramatic reduction of bacteria in the water. The company’s proprietary, proven electro-chemical water treatment system virtually eliminates microorganisms and scale formation, without the use of any added harmful chemicals. Silver Bullet’s technology is successfully operating in office buildings, hospitals, data centers, hotels, convention centers, factories and dairy, poultry and pig farms throughout the United States, Canada and Mexico.  Silver Bullet is headquartered in Denver, Colorado. Visit us at www.example.com.    Apply by emailing resume, 3 writing samples, list of references, and cover letter.






bs-degree-needed hourly-wage