Kiva Systems, Inc. is a rapidly growing Boston-based robotics company that is revolutionizing supply chain operations. Our customers are large retailers, catalog operators, e-commerce and other companies that ship products to consumers, businesses and retail stores.  Kiva Systems is seeking a seasoned professional with a solid track record of managing projects within a high volume, high growth manufacturing operations environment. The Project Manager must be committed to employ project management best practices and principles in all project management knowledge areas. The PM must possess sound experience in planning, monitoring, tracking project progress, reviewing organization project plans, proactively identifying issues and developing solutions, facilitating cross team coordination, and determining work prioritization. The PM must also have the ability to synthesize and interpret programmatic goals and standards into effective business requirements. Experience managing highly technical new product introduction activities and operational improvement projects. Responsibilities:  • Lead the cross functional project team consisting of Supply Chain, Production, Technical Operations and Quality departments as needed to insure the timely and effective release of products developed by the R&D team. In addition, lead improvement and production ramp readiness projects.  • Facilitation and documentation of meetings with various stakeholders, SMEs, and multi-discipline project teams.  • Work with the New Products PMO organization to drive NPI programs through the appropriate stage gate checkpoints required to successfully deliver projects on-time.  • Work effectively with manufacturing management and respond to their needs in a timely manner, handling stressful situations as required.  • Develop holistic project solutions that exceed the expectations, regardless of effort required.  • Define, develop, maintain and publishing project plans.  • Work with the assigned functional leaders to track and coordinate all program deliverables, highlighting key program risks and putting plans in place to mitigate those risks, providing regular reports/updates on program status.  • Ensure operational readiness to launch with all committed program deliverables in place in accordance with the approved project plan and scope.  • Develop indicators & performance management metrics and use to continually improve process   Qualifications: • 10 years of complex project management experience within a hardware development and manufacturing company  • BS degree in Engineering, Manufacturing or related field • PMP Certification a plus • Lean Six Sigma training and experience  • Solid teamwork and interpersonal skills, with the ability to communicate and work with internal teams, and management at all levels and thrive in a cross-functional environment.  • Excellent oral and written communications; an ability to present and discuss technical information in a way that establishes rapport, persuades others, and gains understanding no matter the level of audience.  • Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Windows Office Suite products including Visio and SharePoint.  • Advanced knowledge of MS Project to document tasks, establish dependencies, assign resources, and track progress.  • Experience working as a PM in a Project Management Office.  • Experience managing new product introduction projects cross functionally within Manufacturing organization  • Experience with high growth dynamic rapidly changing environment  • Conflict management skills including the ability to work with and resolve conflicting needs and requirements • The ability to prioritize in the face of multiple project demands 






supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed