URGENT:  Need candidates that can start Monday, May 21  Contract Recruiter (3-4 months)  Merrifield, Virginia, United States     Temporary recruiting role with Fantastic company. Metro location.    Recruiters On Call, LLC has been asked to identify a temporary recruiter for a rapidly growing consulting firm located close to the Dunn Loring Metro.  Job Description    The successful candidate will be an experienced recruiter that is proficient with direct sourcing and full life cycle recruiting. Efforts will be focused on recruiting highly qualified technology professionals to be placed in both permanent and contract positions. This position may also be requested to identify key personnel for select proposal opportunities. Candidate will perform a variety of professional and administrative recruiting functions in support of identifying, interviewing, evaluating and selecting qualified employees to effectively meet the organization's staffing requirements. The candidate will identify candidates from numerous sources, efficiently use our applicant tracking system, write ads, screen and qualify candidates, and perform reference checks. Candidate may be asked to perform other duties as requested.  Qualifications    3 years of IT Recruiting experience   Experience recruiting in the consulting industry preferred   Experience sourcing to include standard job boards, networking sites, search engines, etc.  Experience with Applicant Tracking Systems  Knowledgeable with EEO and OFCCP compliance requirements  Ability to work in a fast paced environment  Strong MS Word, Excel and Internet skills  Strong interpersonal and communication (verbal and written) skills  Define innovative and creative recruiting strategies and execute successfully    Additional Information:   The client company is a wonderful company to for! In addition to such a convenent location, they offer a fantastic work life balance.     We'll be filling this position quickly, so please respond as soon as possible with your resume, rate and availability.    •Must be a US citizen or permanent resident.  •Please no Corp-to-corp or 1099 candidates; this position is W-2 only.  •Relocation will not be offered.  •EEO/AA employer. Female, minority, veterans and disabled candidates are encouraged to apply .  www.example.com    






2-4-years-experience-needed