As a Software Quality Assurance Analyst you will be responsible for tasks ranging from requirements planning, to Software testing as well as reporting to ensure that design specifications requirements of the developed and client-provided software products are met and that the quality is within total quality management limits and standards. In this role you will also be responsible for reviewing requirements and designs and to create, edit, and clarify test plans & cases with software project teams. You will also provide work direction, coordination and leadership for projects, as appropriate.  Duties & Responsibilities: Review functional and design specifications to ensure full understanding of individual deliverables. Backend database testing in Microsoft SQL environment including validating stored procedures, jobs and triggers. Identify test requirements from specifications, map test case requirements and design test coverage plan. Develop, document and maintain functional test cases and other test artifacts like the test data, data validation, harness scripts and automated scripts. Execute and evaluate manual or automated test cases and report test results. Hold and facilitate test plan/case reviews with cross-functional team members. Identify any potential quality issues per defined process and escalate potential quality issues immediately to management. Ensure that validated deliverables meet functional and design specifications and requirements. Isolate, replicate, and report defects and verify defect fixes.  Qualifications - Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or Business and/or equivalent education and experience - one or more years of experience in software quality assurance testing is required - Proficient with SQL, HTML - Project leadership experience in areas of forecasting effort, resource needs, scheduling effort and resources, reporting status and adjusting schedules and forecasts is preferred - Experience with requirement and design meetings and reviews is preferred  Who is Knowledge Marketing? Knowledge Marketing (KM) is a MN based four-time INC 5000 winner with a reputation for quality products and outstanding service. We are in a continued rapid growth mode and need to add additional talent to the KM team to help increase our sales, bring on new clients and continue our high level of client satisfaction! The marketplace we serve is in a state of transition and KM is there leading the way forward. Successful, growing small businesses like KM are the heartbeat of the American economy and we need you to help us continue on our journey.






1-year-experience-needed bs-degree-needed