The National ProStart Coordinator is the primary contact for all ProStart audiences, and has an overall understanding of all dimensions of the ProStart program.  The National ProStart Coordinator will be the initial national “contact” for the state ProStart coordinators and ProStart educators, and will serve as a sounding board for them.  Every state is managed in its own unique and dynamic way; it will be the National ProStart Coordinator’s job to understand the nuances, dynamics and needs for support from state to state.      • Provide professional, critical customer care and support of State Restaurant Association (SRA) ProStart leadership and ProStart educators. • Serve as the operational SRA program point person, including; answering general ProStart program and curriculum logistical and technical questions, monitoring ProStart specialized systems and processes related to exam(s) administration, content development and maintenance of educator resources and ProStart state leadership resources, provide individual State Invitational support, monitor ProStart program statistics and reporting, oversee Certificate of Achievement administration, help facilitate partnerships with relevant outside organizations. • Assist with operations of the National ProStart Invitational event and logistical details with NRAEF Events team, facilitate communications with state coordinators and others participating in the Invitational.  Assist with the facilitation of the National ProStart Invitational Management and Culinary Competition logistics, manage competition rules and other related Invitational duties as assigned. • Program sponsor support – identify and facilitate opportunities to integrate sponsor companies and organizations into the ProStart program nationally and ensure program meets sponsorship commitments.  Coordinate both national event and local event engagement with ProStart schools, educators and students. • Manage forward planning of key ProStart events and related logistical support; assist in the development of Roundtable agendas and facilitate all pre-event and post event communication, identify and organize ad hoc committee functions, drive, support the management and execution of all  event logistics related to ProStart state leadership Roundtables, Educator Excellence Awards, and support additional program meeting needs as assigned.  Secondary Duties: • Works on special projects and other duties as required helping to promote department’s success. • Manage relationships with outside consultants and vendors as necessary. • Provide staff support for appropriate Board committees as appropriate.  • Perform other duties as assigned. Extended work hours as needed.  Position Specifications:  Essential Use of Following Tools:  • Computer • Printer  Essential Experience:  • Bachelor’s degree preferred, plus a minimum of 5 years of relevant experience in the organization or  a comparable setting, demonstrating development through involvement in a series of progressively more demanding and relevant work roles.   • Must be proficient with Microsoft Office, and have experience using database software; prior experience using donor data base, specifically iMIS, software strongly preferred. MS Access, MS Excel, MS SharePoint experience is helpful. Demonstrated critical thinking skills to analyze data and to create strategies for overall fundraising objectives and ability to provide written assessment required.  Essential Skills/Knowledge:  • Understand and drive procedures and support systems, and the ability not only to order the allocated workload but also to react to changing priorities and while under pressure • Strong interpersonal, diplomacy, persuasiveness, assertiveness and diplomacy skills • Strong organizational skills and attention to detail • Ability to manage time effectively and multiple projects simultaneously  • Plan and coordinate their own work, normally over weeks and months ahead with an awareness of the activities of other team members or departments/groups.   • Ability to work as part of a team and to work independently • Have a consistently high level of personal responsibility and initiative and are required to respond independently to questions.  Adheres to deadlines • Is a dynamic participant and contributor to the program team. • Uses judgment to deal with daily issues and concerns with limited guidance from supervisor. • Ability to perform analysis, research, writing and project coordination, under direction of a Sr. Specialist, Manager or Director.   Essential Mental Requirements: • Must be able to work as an integral part of the National Restaurant Association Educational Foundation Team • Must be able to maintain good rapport with all departments • Must be able to cope within a fast-paced work environment • Must be able to manage multiple projects with minimal supervision  • Must be able to understand the importance of the position for the success of the business • Ability to accept changes and be flexible • Be on time and with a minimal amount of absence • Must be able to act with honor, character and integrity






5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed