Internet Sales/Marketing Specialist (Immediate Hire, Multiple Openings)   Company Background: Glopo Inc: We are a toy designer, importer and distributor. We are based in South El Monte, CA.  We also have locations outside the United States, including several manufacturing and distribution centers in Asia. We are looking for an Internet Sales/ Marketing Specialist. We are a fast developing company that has visions and aggressive goals to grow.  You must be responsible and passionate on your daily work, and able to cooperate well within a small group.  This is a full-time position 8:30am to 5:30pm Monday to Friday.  **We will consider beginner to intermediate level** The qualified individual will be in charge of, and responsible for: 1. Make multiple listings on different online platforms.  2. Attract buyers to auction and buy it now listing, and maintain good seller standing 3. Make an item sellable and popular on major sites.  4. Answer customer emails and phone calls ; Follow up claims efficiently and effectively 5. Keep up-to-date tracking, payment records, etc.  6. Maintain up-to-date Excel reports 7. Make marketing campaigns and approaches on different sites.  8. Use social media and blogs to advertise our products and deals.   Requirements: -Must be an enthusiastic team player, multi-tasker and responsible meeting project deadlines. -Must be a quick learner, great at using various internet and computer software.  - Be familiar with Internet Marketing, daily deal sites and flash sale sites. -Keen eye for details, must be well organized with an ability to prioritize and proactively offer solutions.  -Excellent verbal and written communication skills. -Photoshop (preferred) -Website Knowledge is strongly preferred. -Experience with consumer goods - primarily sold through retailers and ecommerce. -An interest and knowledge of children and family products is a plus. -Knowledge of marketing skills, online ads is preferred. -Must have own transportation -Work well with team members on new updates, changes and various duties - Have knowledge of Google Analytics. - Be able to analyze the on-site and off-site problems of any website and find appropriate solutions. - Have good communication skills. - Have strong time-management skills, and be able to do multitasking.  Starting Salary: $9/hr + sales based commission.  * Must be a United States Citizen or hold a permanent residency. Please send your resume to us, and we will contact you asap. Thanks! 






full-time-job hourly-wage