GENERAL SUMMARY As a Customer Service Representative for Unified Life Insurance Company, you are the face of the company.  Therefore, it is your responsibility to represent the company in the best manner possible.   ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES  • Provide professional phone based customer service to insurance policyholders, beneficiaries, agents, and internal customers for mostly life and health insurance policies. • Ensure customer satisfaction and strive to assure that service standards are met. • Be able to provide the customer information regarding their policy, take address changes and mail paper work to the customer so the change can be made.  • Send paper work for death claims, cash surrenders, beneficiary and ownership changes or any other withdrawals on the policy.  • Communicate effectively and professionally with both internal industry and of all products, service, and processes performed by the team.. • Ability to multi-task. • Ability to learn and apply information regarding Life Policies and Medical Policies. • Ability to learn and adapt to new procedures as needed.  QUALIFICATIONS  • High school diploma, general education degree or equivalent. • A minimum of one to two years of customer service based experience is required in a phone based environment such as a call center. • Must be proficient in Microsoft Office products including Word, Excel, and Outlook. • Must have good keyboarding skills, numeric, oral and written language applications. • A minimum of one to two years of Life Insurance and Medical Insurance product knowledge is required. • Previous call center, banking, and especially insurance industry experiences are desired. • No minimum certifications or credential required, but LOMA coursework or designations are desired. • Ability to problem-solve and manage multiple priorities • Must be able to communicate effectively (both verbal and written). • Must have the ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business communications. • Must be able to compose effective business correspondence. • Position requires a strong ability to multitask, specifically navigating between multiple open computer applications at one time, all while speaking professionally with callers. 






1-year-experience-needed