*Hair Stylist* The Possibilities are Endless  *About Us* We are the “People Company” of the beauty industry, committed to achieving extraordinary results through our people by living within our values and ﬁnancial resources so that we WOW and delight our Associates and clients and have fun while we’re doing it.  *Job Summary* Imagine a career where every day is different. Every client is a new canvas on which you can express your artistry. As a Stylist with Hair Cuttery you have the opportunity to WOW and Delight clients by exceeding their expectations. Being a Stylist means performing quality professional hair care services. Need more? Retail is an excellent way to help your Clients take your styles home with them to recreate. Promoting and selling hair care products are essential to a successful Stylist.  *Job Requirements*  Strong organizational skill Must possess interpersonal, oral communication and listening skills Flexible, reliable, and available to work various schedules, including weekends and holidays  *Compensation* YOU CONTROL WHAT YOU MAKE! What you earn at Hair Cuttery is a direct reflection of your talent and the level of service you offer your clients. We offer cuts, highlights, all-over color, permanent waves and relaxers, up-dos and hairstyling. What does such an array of services mean for you? Added room to create and unlimited earning potential. Hair Cuttery offers different compensation levels to Stylists based on performance and contribution. Stylists have the ability to quickly move into higher compensation levels based on targets achieved. Movement into higher compensation levels is measured by: service sales and retail sales. For a more in-depth explanation, please ask one of our Recruiters, Salon or Field Leaders for the Stylist Compensation Plan Chart.  What are the Benefits of working with Hair Cuttery? Medical Coverage, Paid Time Off, 401(K) Savings Plans, Dental Insurance and Vision Insurance are just a few.  This location may or may not be hiring at this time. However, we continuously accept applications to ensure that we are able to quickly identify and select the most qualified applicant(s) once a position becomes available.






