Spa Manager Hand & Stone Massage and Facial Spa – Palm Harbor, FL 34684 Franchise Massage & Facial Spa has a new opening for a SPA MANAGER in its Palm Harbor location. Applicants must have previous management experience in a spa or retail environment to apply.  Job Title: Spa Manager Department: Management  Summary- Manages massage and facial spa engaged in providing the highest quality services possible to clientele. Success is measured in customer satisfaction, membership acquisitions, revenue and other performance metrics. The manager achieves the spa's goals by performing the following duties personally or through subordinate supervisors.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following:  (Note- Other duties may be assigned at any time and all are deemed vital to the success of the spa.)  - Values, demonstrates and upholds Hand & Stone Vision - Responsible for achieving the weekly, monthly and yearly goals for the spa - Ensures every customer has the best possible spa experience - Focuses daily on performance metrics to meet spa goals  - Demonstrates the ability to \"lead by example\" by consistently showing the staff how business should be conducted and coaching staff to achieve the spa's goals. - Recruitment and retention of MA's, MT's and EST's. - Plans and prepares work schedules and assigns employees to specific duties while granting special attention to traffic patterns - Responsible for inventory control, loss prevention and product ordering - Ensures compliance of employees with established security, sales, and recordkeeping procedures and practices. - Answers customer's complaints or inquiries always seeking to satisfy the customer and protect the reputation of the spa. - Communicate with staff through publication and posting board - Be the last, best option for all spa emergencies - Train, coach, assess and progressively improve the entire staffing team to always strive beyond current production.  Work schedule is variable based on the retail environment including all shifts, weekdays or weekends and some holidays.  Compensation is salary based on experience ranging from $26000 - $31200 plus monthly bonuses based on spa performance. A manager who is reaching the goals for the spa will be paid $40,000 or more annually.  Interested applicants should email their resume and cover letter in response to this posting. Please include Spa Manager in the subject line of your response. 






salary supervising-job