Fresh Opportunities at Papa Gino's& D'angelo    Our restaurants are going places-and we want you along for the ride. With over 360 locations and more to come, Papa Gino's and D'angelo Grilled Sandwiches are always seeking new members to round out our team. From part time workers to experienced Managers, we have immediate opportunities for dynamic people with an energetic attitude towards high-quality food and exceptional guest service.    At Papa Gino's/D'Angelo, we recognize that the company's success is based on our people, called Team Members, who are committed to providing excellent guest service and superb product quality. We demonstrate our commitment to our Team Members by providing advancement opportunities that are second to none, industry-leading training programs, and compensation and benefits plans that are among the best in the business. No crazy hours or demands, just great food, great people and a great environment!     As the leading regional pizza and sandwich chain, we are always looking for bright, hardworking, friendly, customer service oriented individuals to become part of our team and to help us fulfill our aggressive growth plans. If you are one of those people, Papa Gino's/D'Angelo may be your company.     Health, Wellness and Life Benefits:    •5 day Work Week  •Wellness and Employee Assistance Programs  •Medical, Dental, Vision Plans  •Free Life, Short and Long Term Disability Insurance  •Vacation, Personal and Sick Days  •401(k) Plan with Employer Match  •Unlimited Growth Potential Based on Performance and Skills  Job Requirements     We are looking for motivated professionals to manage our fast paced restaurants and maintain the integrity of our quality products. Responsibilities include maintaining a fun, professional and enthusiastic environment for guests and team members, providing guest satisfaction and achieving corporate profit objectives. Managers must possess outstanding leadership and communication skills, a positive attitude, enthusiasm, a genuine passion for guest service and must be committed to excellence. We are seeking candidates with integrity, solid work ethics and a desire to serve the community.






