Smart Life Customer Account Manager   CAREER Position with a Leading Edge company    The Smart Life Customer Account Manager (CAM) serves as the critical primary liaison – the trusted general contractor, if you will – between clients and Smart Life Technologies.    He or she is present during every stage of a project, from consultation through purchase, installation and after-sale follow-up. CAMs travel to clients’ homes or offices to assess their needs, which they use to create proposals. After the client agrees to the proposal, the CAM then communicates it to Smart Life Technologies management, and coordinates all necessary steps to ensure the client’s needs are met.    Take one part premier client service, add one part tech fanatic, mix well with equal parts style, experience and humor. What do you get? A Smart Life Customer Account Manager.    Being a Smart Life Customer Account Manager takes respect, humility and someone who cares about giving our clients the highest level of service possible – at all times.  If you are not enthusiastic and eager to help our customers experience true value, this career position is not for you.    Smart Life Customer Account Managers are the very face of this company, and their superior performance is essential to our success. Desirable skills include:    Stellar Client Service  This includes an ability to convert technical jargon into a language people can understand.    Strong Execution Expertise  Smart Life Customer Account Managers do it faster, better and more accurately than anyone else.    Punctuality  We’re not the cable company. When our Customer Account Managers say they’ll be there at a certain time, that’s when they show up. No exceptions.    If you do your best to live up to our Core Values, we’ll do our best to make this a great career for you.       RESPONSIBILITIES:  Treat every customer with respect, greet them with enthusiasm and energy  Assess client needs through in-home consultations  Recommend cutting-edge solutions in a friendly, confident and knowledgeable manner  Create proposals and coordinate Smart Life Technologies resources to see projects through completion  Provide single point of contact promptly addressing questions and issues  Drive in-home/Office consultation sales  Evaluate and report on the performance of the Smart Life Technologies installation team     BASIC QUALIFICATIONS:  Minimum of a high school diploma, GED or equivalent, college degree preferred  Current valid driver’s license and clear driving record Minimum 18 years of age  Minimum 2 years sales experience   Sound sales management skills  Exemplary sales, client service and leadership skills  Vast product, technical and installation knowledge, along with a solid basic grasp of construction principles  Creativity and vision to meet unique client needs with custom solutions  Ability to work a variety of shifts based on business needs including evenings, holidays and weekends  Strong verbal and written communication skills  Ability to work independently as well as on a team  Excellent follow up and persuasion skills    COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS:  Incredible work environment, highly qualified employees and competitive compensation are only part of what makes working for Smart Life Technologies so desirable. We also have some great benefits available including:  Compensation package 50k to 110k.  Base Salary  Bonuses  Stock Options  Medical  Paid vacation and holidays  






2-4-years-experience-needed salary