The Association For Community Living's Residential and Employment Support's office in Greenfield, MA is seeking compassionate, dependable people to support individuals with Developmental Disabilities in their 24 hour group homes and supported employment settings. We are hiring full time, part time & relief for our group homes located in Greenfield, Gill, Buckland, Deerfield and Clarksburg (2nd and/or 3rd shift and weekends) . We also have relief Job Coach positions in our Supported Employment Setting located in Greenfield, MA (1st shift Monday through Friday).  Our employees perform a variety of routine direct care duties to support and instruct individuals with developmental disabilities and to promote their dignity, safety, health, welfare, rights and development. They provide direct care services which may vary depending on the needs of the individual and assist with living skills, health maintenance, medication administration and behavioral development. They engage, assist, instruct and monitor individuals in daily living activities and personal care. They also help foster participation in community activities and make a positive difference in the lives of the individuals we support.  Qualifications/Requirements: - Minimum 18 years of age. - Valid driver's license and reliable transportation. - High school diploma or equivalent.  Salary: $10.51 for relief and $11.11- $11.22 for part time and full time with paid trainings and excellent benefits.  Apply on indeed, fax or mail resume or stop in to complete an application: The Association For Community Living, 101 Munson Street, Greenfield, MA  XXX  Website: www.example.com Fax:  XXX  EOE  The Association For Community Living is a non-profit organization in Western Massachusetts that has been creating opportunities, building relationships and improving lives of children and adults with developmental disabilities and their families for 60 years. We are a dynamic organization with a deep commitment to our mission. We have a strong reputation for high quality services. Additional information can be found on our website, www.example.com.  Our Mission:  Creating opportunities, building relationships, improving lives for children and adults with developmental disabilities are the heart and soul of the work we do at The Association For Community Living.  Our Vision:   The Association For Community Living is known for high quality services for children and adults with developmental disabilities, and support for their families and for others who will benefit from our services. The Association is also known as a leader and innovator in our field.   o Individuals and families feel listened to and respected, and have information needed to make decisions to meet their goals through their lives.  o Services are responsive to the ethnic and cultural diversity of the communities we serve.  o Employees feel valued, demonstrate competence and are supported in their professional growth.  o Internal operations are efficiently structured to deliver quality services, growth and innovation.






hourly-wage