There are RF Engineering jobs and then there are RF Engineering jobs…  Do you want to lead a team of engineers to solve critical performance optimization problems?  Are you tired of short-term RF Engineering assignments? Are you tired of constantly scrambling to learn new network equipment environments? Are you paying for your own training to keep up with the latest wireless technologies? Are you yearning to be on the forefront of wireless network transformation? Do you want to immerse yourself in data and leverage bleeding-edge network tools and technologies to deliver optimal performance?  If you answered yes to any of the above, we want to hear from you!  iDataLytics is seeking to staff a team of high-octane CDMA/EVDO Performance Engineers to support a leading network equipment provider deliver on its commitment to its Tier 1 US Cellular operator client. On this long-term assignment, you will be joining and leading a top-notch team of engineers to improve the performance of a targeted set of CDMA/EVDO cell sectors to specified performance level targets. The performance engineer will draft optimization plans by working with peers in Performance Management, Program Management, R&D, RF optimization and Operations functional teams. Candidates with previous market lead experience will be given preference.  Ideal candidates are expected to have:  • Expertise with Alcatel-Lucent products, CDMA / EVDO parameters, air interface, troubleshooting and resolving performance issues.  • Excellent English verbal skill and written communications skills  • Act as a key customer interface for performance optimization of top offending sectors of major markets across the US.  • The flexibility to handle multiple deliverables at short notice,  • Be self motivated to initiate action, perform well in a team environment, have a strong work ethic and the willingness to learn very quickly in a complex technical environment. • Previous market lead experience is highly desired  Required candidate Qualifications include:  • 3-8 years experience in working in a cellular network RF & network performance management function (Trending, analysis, monitoring, reporting, troubleshooting), RF optimization or related • Experience with CDMA/EVDO parameters, KPI counters & associated Call scenarios. • Experience in troubleshooting Call drops, blocks and throughput related KPIs. • Flexibility to immediately change course to deliver urgent customer specific action items. • Experience working successfully with customers. • Experience & exposure to RF design (Link budget inputs, propagation models), optimization & tools (design (Eg: PLANET) & performance) required. • Experience with RF deployment with cellular operators preferred. • Knowledge of 3G Wireless architectures in the one or more of following areas: CDMA, EVDO, Backhaul (IPBH, EBH, MW BH), or  • Good understanding of CDMA/EVDO air interface, 3GPP2 network topology and handset standards.  • Knowledge of commercial CDMA/EVDO network optimization to help fix and improve customer experience. • Understanding of Radio Resource Management functionalities (e.g. Handover control, Admission controls, capacity management, etc.) • Understanding of protocols and signaling flow for CDMA/EVDO required. Knowledge of related standards desirable. • Experienced in how to detect and solve specific network performance problems (Eg: Throughput issues, Connection drops, blocks etc) • MS in Electrical Engineering/Computer Science or other related Engineering. Bachelors with 5 or more years experience will also be considered. • Green Card or US Citizenship or EAD(Post Perm/Labor) preferred. Suitable H1B transfer candidates will also be considered.  Not all RF Engineering jobs are created equal. This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity if you are serious about developing a career-building portfolio of skillsets that will be in high demand for years to come.  Come join iDataLytics to fulfill your journey of career transformation! You will be joining a differentiated consulting services company that truly believes that its success is vested in the success of its employees.  Interested? Apply right away!






licence-needed