TVR Communications (TVRC) provides the broadest range of interactive patient services in the United States. TVRC develops and deploys interactive patient services solutions that actively involve the patient and the family in the care process. The company’s bedside applications, audio/visual products, and services to the healthcare industry enhance the patient care experience, reduce the burden on nurses, and provide staff and patient education as well as verification and reporting. TVRC has partnered with more than 400 facilities during its 50-plus years in the industry.  For more information, visit www.example.com.  TVRC’s is looking for a talented, ambitious, self-directed Installation Manager to manage and complete our installations from conception to launch.  As an Installation Manager, your responsibilities will include initiating project kick-off meetings with customer, helping to define an installation schedule that will reflect company policy and process, customer defined objectives, strategy, and managing a qualified team of professional installers/technicians to execute it.   THE POSITION:  • Responsible for managing all installations in the organization.   • Constant dialogue with Procurement, Sales and Production regarding availability and status of    requirements.   • Verbal, written and personal communication with various key players involved on the customer installation side.   • Utilization of NETSUITE software and having knowledge of survey, proposal and sales order process.   • Executing a Quality Assurance process for every completed installation.   • Frequent visits to installation site to evaluate installation progress and meet with installation team.   • Develop and delivery of installation schedule to various organizational departments and customer.   • Reporting and forecasting of installation updates to management team.   • Responsible for managing of installation team.   QUALIFICATIONS:   • Excellent people and communication skills with strong work ethic.   • Knowledge of business product.   • Ability to re-direct installation team on short notice without impact to customer satisfaction.   • Knowledge of specific customer needs applicable to various company platforms.   • Flexible with the ability to prioritize and organize.   • Ability to thrive in a team environment and hand-off finished product to the next phase of project.   • Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word and Excel)   • Experienced in NETSUITE software.   KEY GOALS:   • Lead installation team to achieve quality installations and implement incentive plan based on quantity of installations   • Demonstrate excellent communication skills with different departments within organization and with customer base.   • Strive to meet company identified goals geared towards yearly financials.   • Identify geographic scheduling of the installation team to obtain maximum production and reduce traveling expenses.   • Implement a “Survey” process that will produce accurate results.   • Develop and maintain a strong position relative to competitors and monitor and keep TVRC up to date on competitors and their strengths and weaknesses.   COMPENSATION:   * Based on work experience and educational background.






