Center for Autism and Related Disorders, Inc. (CARD) is among the world's largest and most experienced organizations effectively treating children with autism and related disorders.  With US and International reach, CARD touches the lives of hundreds of children and their families. CARD was started in 1990 by renowned psychologist and early researcher of autism, Dr. Doreen Granpeesheh. She designed a unique treatment curriculum based on the principles of Applied Behavior Analysis (ABA) and built an organization of dedicated and trained professionals. Currently CARD has 24 US based offices in California, Arizona, Illinois, Texas, New York, Virginia and Massachusetts and an International office in New Zealand.  This is an exciting opportunity to join the leaders in autism treatment and research cultivating sales for Skills®, an evidence-based online solution for children diagnosed with Autism Spectrum Disorders.  Skills® was created for treatment providers and school districts to improve accessibility to comprehensive assessment and curriculum and to increase efficiency with writing Individual Education Plans (IEPs), Behavior Intervention Plans (BIPs), and progress reports.  Skills® also provides an option to families who do not have access to experienced professionals.   The Account Executive is responsible for selling Skills® to schools, School Districts and large private educational organizations across the country.  This is a high-growth great opportunity for a hunter with well-established decision-maker relationships at School Districts who has strong knowledge of the pre-K-12 education market and educational funding sources – it is a high profile position for someone who can hit the ground selling!  The Account Executive may be home based anywhere in the country close to a major airport.  Join the Skills® team and share our mission to provide global access to state-of-the-art tools which facilitate delivery of high-quality, comprehensive, and individualized ABA-based intervention to individuals with autism spectrum disorder (ASD).  RESPONSIBILITIES: •Develop and execute a territory action plan to achieve revenue quota •Focus on achieving monthly, quarterly and annual sales and gross profit targets •Grow the Education vertical through closing new businesses, with a focus on District accounts •Initiate, develop and maintain relationships with key decision-makers within priority accounts •Work with school-level and district-level staff to build support for purchase •Develop professional proposals that communicate a compelling solution •Follow proposals through decision-making and purchasing process to closure •Deliver compelling demonstrations to individuals and committees – both live and via webinar •Pipeline and forecast management •Represent company at local, state, regional and national conferences and exhibits •Undertake targeted marketing and networking activities to identify and reach out to prospective customers •Collaborate to develop implementation plans for large accounts   QUALIFICATIONS: •Minimum of a Bachelor's degree, or equivalent experience •5+ years experience selling in the pre-K-12 education market, preferably a technology and curriculum based product. •Special Education experience an asset •Proven track record selling at the district level with strong district level relationships •Knowledge of financial and/or funding available for pre-K-12 or education (ex. grants, specialized funding, etc.) •Track record of goal attainment, proven and continued success in selling and closing customers including remotely and in-person, by creating value, and managing a pipeline •Strong analytical, negotiation, writing, speaking and presentation skills.  A demonstrated ability to deliver product presentations and written proposals to both groups and individuals •Demonstrated ability to uncover client needs and propose solutions to close new business opportunities and meet new revenue targets on an on-going basis •Extreme work ethic, initiative, accountability and ambition.  Highly motivated and independent, a hunter with a strong drive to succeed •Superior interpersonal and relationship building skills with a strong customer focus •Road warrior, ability to travel overnight 50%+  If you are passionate about selling a product that is changing lives we want to hear from you today.  Competitive base salary commensurate with education and experience, plus commission program; Full Benefits Package including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, FSA, 401K, supplemental insurance and employee discount programs offered. EOE






bs-degree-needed salary 5-plus-years-experience-needed