SUMMARY  Directs Clinical and Administrative aspects of Home Care Department to ensure that quality services are delivered to member/ consumers in keeping with the mission of assisting seniors to remain at home.    DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES    •Develops Home Care division business plan and coordinates implementation of goals in conjunction with organization-wide initiatives.  •Prepares the annual budget for the approval of the Governing Body.  •Directs daily business operations and implements financial policies, accounting and cost controls.  •Provides leadership in the development of objectives, standards of care, policies and procedures affecting the programs of Surrey Services  Home Care    •Manages efforts to achieve and maintain state licensure as Home Care agency.  •Develops policies and procedures that guide departmental process and fulfill legal and regulatory requirements. Ensures compliance with federal and state regulations or other applicable laws.  •Evaluates contracts with state and governmental bodies, referral networks, and other agencies to determine which would be beneficial to the organization.  Ensures compliance with contract requirements.  •Responsible for overall management of reporting staff (RNs, Office Manager, Companions and volunteers), including hiring process, staff evaluations, counseling, reward and termination of staff.   •Provides operational supervision and assistance in the provision of home services:  Supports RN office staff to conduct phone interviews to screen prospective members; provide assessment of member needs; schedule and staff cases; and offer referral to community services when appropriate.  •Troubleshoots difficult member situations, follows up on serious complaints and communicates these to Executive Director.  •Oversees RN Care Management services to members requiring ongoing assessments, coordination and communication between family, providers and members, assistance in preparing for MD visits, specific health interventions, crisis intervention, and referral as needed.  •Facilitates case conference meetings (as needed) with agency personnel to facilitate coordination of services.  •Makes decisions regarding financial aid for Home Care members and ensures that financial assessments are completed and letters mailed to members.  •Responsible for administrative functions in collaboration with finance and marketing departments, including: marketing and development, planning, budgeting and financial reporting, risk management, and client related health insurance.  •Develops extensive training program in compliance with State regulations for all medical and non-medical Home Care staff. Promotes the planning, implementation and evaluation on in-service and continuing education programs.  •Oversees the QA program as oversight for all Home Care members and ongoing competency evaluation of Home Care staff.   •Develops tools and implements strategies for program evaluation.  •Works collaboratively with other directors providing an interdisciplinary member centered delivery of services.  •Ensures optimal use of all operational tools, such as HomeTrak system.  •Develops presentations and educational offerings to members and to the community regarding issues of interest to the older community.     •Promotes Surrey Home Care in community with positive, professional, friendly manner and pursues new opportunities and relationships to enhance good public relations. Establishes and maintains an ongoing public relations program and a marketing plan to increase community awareness of services provided, improve relations with physicians, and other potential referral sources and other care providers to increase revenues and maintain quality service.  •Creates and sustains pleasant and nurturing environment for staff, members, volunteers, etc.    Surrey does not discriminate against persons based on race, color, sex, creed, national origin,  disability, or age. Surrey is an Equal Opportunity Employer.   Interested and qualified candidates can please send cover letter and resume with salary  requirements to the attention of Joanne Powell. 






supervising-job