Opportunity    A National Physician Group in search of physicians to provide beside wound management in nation-wide facilities.  At Vohra Wound Physicians we take pride in our ability to set national benchmarks, precedence in wound care, and limb salvaging techniques for bed bound patients, within skilled nursing and long term care facilities and rehabilitation centers throughout twenty-five states.    Our physicians come from many diverse backgrounds and specialties including surgeons, family medicine, internal medicine, primary care, hospitalist, and geriatricians who have been contributing to our continued success over the past 10 years.    At Vohra Wound Physicians we offer:  • Full time physicians annual earning potential ranging up to $250K per year;   • We also offer part-time work with a minimum of 3 days per week;   • No Weekends, No Nights, No Holidays, No On-Call   • On-Site training in geriatric skin and wound care;   • Geographic locations convenient for your practice; No relocation necessary;    • Allowing our physicians the ability to achieve their unique balance of compensation while still enjoying their family and personal life-style.     Most importantly we provide a significantly better clinical outcome to a population that truly benefits from and appreciates our services.     Essential Duties and Responsibilities  Provide weekly rounds to assigned facilities.     Maintain professional and open communication with facility staff, patients, and family.     Provide continuing education and training to the facility staff to help improve wound care rounds and outcomes.     Visit approximately 2-3 facilities per day, providing care to approximately 20 patients per day.     Provide adequate and timely documentation through an Electronic Health Record (EHR).    Requirements and Skills  - MD or DO Degree  - Unrestricted license to practice medicine in specific state of opportunity  - Enjoys challenges of wound care management  - Candidate should be procedure oriented  - Must be a team player  - Must be diplomatic and maintain good relationships with the patients and facility staff  - Ability to comply with protocol and documentation requirements  - Ability to drive within 30-45 miles of home residence.     Please Submit your CV to:   Marcella Gravalese, MBA-HSA  Director of Practice Development  (o XXX f XXX 






full-time-job ms-or-phd-needed salary