Founded in 1981, SB&A is an integrated marketing agency in Richmond, Virginia, offering full-service consulting, strategic planning, advertising, film and video production, interactive development, public relations, turnkey sales management and research. The agency specializes in four key categories: senior living, real estate, economic development and business to business/ business to consumer. Nearly 40 employees offer expertise in a wide variety of disciplines. With 30 years of experience, SB&A’s integrated approach to marketing gives us the insight, and the foresight, to help our clients and employees reach their highest vision of the future. For more information, visit www.example.com.  Job Summary:  We’re looking for an experienced web developer with strong front-end experience who will work closely with our creative team to code beautiful, database-driven, responsive web sites that take advantage of modern technologies.   The ideal candidate is passionate, detail-oriented, and an excellent problem solver with a strong interest in all things digital. You are self-motivated, organized, and articulate. You can multitask and you thrive in a diverse and fast-paced work environment. You take pride in what you do and are always willing to learn more.   Duties: • Build and manage custom WordPress themes and functionality  • Build and maintain custom static landing pages • Build custom email marketing templates • Build cross-browser/cross-device responsive websites from designed comp • Participate in and speak to recommendations in team meetings • Ability to communicate confidently and effectively with nontechnical colleagues, clients and prospects • Setup, support, train, or administer domains, hosting/DNS, analytics, email, databases, social media accounts, and all things digital for our clients   Required Skills: • 3+ Years experience in web development • Strong HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript/jQuery knowledge • Experience with WordPress theme development • Experience with PHP and MySQL  • Understanding of JSON, XML, and AJAX • Understanding of SEO & SEM best practices • Experience setting up Hosting, Domains, and Email • Proficiency with Adobe Creative Cloud/Suite • Excellent attention to detail • Strong problem solving & debugging know-how • Ability to self-management, organize, and meet goals • Strong verbal and written communication skills  Nice to Haves: • Experience with Foundation framework  • Experience with SASS, Grunt, and GIT • Familiarity with other Open Source frameworks (OpenCart, Drupal, etc.) • Familiarity with other JavaScript libraries (Angular, Require, etc.) • Google Analytics/AdWords/Webmaster Tools • Familiarity with Third-Party Widgets/APIs (Google Maps, Facebook, etc.) • Experience with Social Media & Email Marketing • Experience with marketing and/or advertising agency  We are a passionate, creative, and team-oriented, integrated marketing agency with clients across the nation. We’re proud to foster a culture that promotes community, passion, curiosity, integrity, balance, and magic. We offer competitive medical, dental, life, disability, PTO, 401k, Profit Sharing and more!   To apply, please provide resume with work examples and link(s) to portfolio, as well as any relevant links to developer communities (CodePen, GitHub, Stackoverflow, etc.) in which you participate.






2-4-years-experience-needed