Lasership is a regional leader in delivery services with operations spreading across 10 states and the District of Columbia. Visit us at www.example.com.  Our company is seeking a Fleet Compliance representative for our NC, GA and southern VA operations. This position does require some traveling accross these states.  Job Description:  This is a support position that consists in making sure that the company drivers, vehicles and driver support staff perform their duties according to Company policies, Customer expectations, DOT regulations, and Federal and State laws . The scope of responsibilities is broad, but includes the following:  - Serve as a primary liason between local delivery personel and the VA based corporate office. - Assist in resolving all disputes with drivers in the areas of compensation, delivery procedures, customer complaints, etc... - Monitor driver approval process with regards to Driving records, Drug testing, Vehicle insurance, Compensation agreements, etc... - Ensure that client specific delivery procedures and policies are met by driver fleet. - Provide support to local branches in the transportation compliance area (training provided). - Identify and report process deficiencies to the Corporate office and suggests amendments to company policies. - Monitor and Report all possible deficiencies, liabilities, disputes, and incidents to the corporate office. - Maintain a positive professional relationship with coworkers.  Job Requirements:  - Ability to maintain good work ethic and discipline under limited supervision - Intermediate skill level using Excel, MS Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, and the Internet. - Ability to work effectively in a multi-cultural environment. - Ability to successfully communicate - Ability to draft professional department/company correpondance with clients and government entities - Ability to prioritize and multi-task. - Must demonstrate sound business judgment and decision-making skills.  We offer a competitive benefits package including paid holidays, health/dental/vision coverage and a 401(k) plan.  Please send resume and salary requirements for consideration. This position will require you to pass a criminal background check.






supervising-job