Reporting to the Director of Information Technology, this position will assume a leading role in engineering and supporting our Linux, SAN, virtualization and backup architecture for our 24x7 SaaS platform. Competitive salary and excellent benefits  Key Responsibilities • Engineer, build and support all aspects of the SAN, virtualization, and backup environment across three data centers in the US and Canada • Engage stakeholders to gather infrastructure requirements and produce high-level infrastructure designs including cost and timeline estimates • Evaluate new technologies and provide recommendation to management including planning and execution of proof of concept activities • Maintain operational, configuration, and other procedure documentation • Perform periodic performance reporting to support capacity planning • Perform ongoing performance tuning, hardware upgrades, and resource optimization as required. • Works well in collaborative team environment with other engineers and developers with minimal supervision to deploy, manage, troubleshoot, scale and improve our SaaS platform • Maintain data center environmental and monitoring equipment • Provide on-call Tier II/III support for infrastructure technical issues • Highly organized and flexible self-starter, with an ability to manage time and priorities • Demonstrates initiative, innovation and attention to detail  Minimum Job Requirements • B.S. in Computer Science with three to five years related experience • 3+ years SAN engineering • 3+ years virtualization engineering  Desired Skillset Requirements • Experience with Citrix XenServer design, implementation, migration and support.  Citrix XenServer CCEE certification preferred but not required. • Linux server administration - Red Hat Certified System Administrator preferred • RedHat JBoss AS Clustering a plus • Experience in setting up and administering NFS environments running on Red Hat, CentOS, or Ubuntu Server  Engineers work in an open office environment and work a standard 40 hours a week. Evening or weekend work may be necessary to meet deadlines or solve specific problems.  Some travel is required with the US and Canada – must have or be able to obtain a US passport.  RPS Technology is the sister company to Mediant Communications and provides them with  IT support and software development.  Mediant Communications provides the leading SaaS technology platform for brokers, transfer agents and issuers to distribute investor communications.  Brokers and issuers rely on our services to meet their regulatory requirements for investor communications and also design communications that enhance relationships with shareholders  RPS Technology is an Equal Opportunity Employer and a drug free workplace. EEO/M/F/D/V






2-4-years-experience-needed salary full-time-job bs-degree-needed