Basic Duties:    The part-time merchandiser is responsible for correctly and successfully completing all merchandising plans on a regular basis. This includes servicing stores as assigned on the scheduled date and reporting the store visits on the same day. Plan assignments may support any of the following retailers: mass merchandisers, specialty stores, drug chains, home stores, dollar stores, grocery, or other retailers. Plan tasks may include: resets, updates, cut-ins, audits, unit integrity updates, display and fixture set-up, seasonal merchandising, stocking and replenishment, order placement, and basic ongoing service of key accounts. Depending on the plan, you may be asked to complete one or more of these tasks.    Major Areas of Responsibility:   * Read and acknowledge all scheduled plans prior to plan start date.   * Review all plan materials prior to conducting merchandising activities.   * Visit and complete work on the scheduled date of each plan.   * Take plans, eReporting worksheets and all other applicable materials on every      scheduled store visit.   * Report accurate and honest information.   * Report store visit and activity the same day as the visit.   * Return any paperwork or materials as indicated in the plan.   * Maintain a working knowledge of hand held devices such as the RMU (remote      maintenance unit), Telzon, or similar devices.   * Communicate with your District Manager on a regular basis.   * Interact with appropriate store management to achieve successful execution.   * Develop and maintain a positive working relationship with key store personnel.   * Adhere to Code of Business Conduct guidelines.   * Maintain a safe work environment for yourself and customers by carrying out tasks in     accordance with safe work practices.   * Any other assigned duties.    Required Skills   * 1-2 years merchandising or retail experience.   * Access to reliable computer access with printer, internet, and email account capability.   * Agreement to conduct work in assigned stores on specified days.   * Knowledge of and ability to use some hand tools.   * Ability to climb and stand on a ladder/step stool.   * Ability to bend, stoop and stand for long periods of time.   * Ability and willing to lift and carry up to 30 pounds.   * Access to reliable transportation.   * Access to voicemail or answering machine system.   * Agreement to assume responsibility for any client components in your possession.   * Agreement to return any components or supplies as required by employment status.    Please visit our website at:    www.example.com    And click on the APPLY NOW button to fill out our online job application.






1-year-experience-needed part-time-job