Base plus commission - 60K to 76K on target earning  ACFN - The ATM Franchise Business is looking for a first-class Sales Development Representative to become an integral part of the Franchise Development team. The objective of this role is to drive new business for the VP of Franchise Development by qualifying inbound leads and helping drive various outbound campaigns. The ideal candidate will have a proven track record and wants to be part of a winning team in a dynamic, growing organization. You will maintain a thorough understanding of ACFN's products and services in order to identify appropriate prospects and quickly establish effective contacts.   Specific Duties * Qualify and develop inbound / warm leads and respond to inquiries * Run email campaigns to generate new sales prospects * Drive attendance for marketing campaigns and events * Complete accurate tracking of communication with current and potential customers in our CRM * Work with upper level management to design region specific outbound efforts * Schedule conference calls between VP of Franchise Development and potential customers   Essential Personal Traits * Analytical and Strategic Thinking – Ability to analyze business opportunities and read situations well. Capable of developing compelling strategies that deliver results. Gathers and uses data to inform decision making and persuade others. * Autonomous Productivity – Ability to be highly productive with periodic direct management and with little oversight from senior management. * Accountability – Sets goals and drives to their fulfillment. Takes responsibility for their actions and for outcomes related to their actions (or inactions).  * Communication – Able to speak and write clearly, concisely, and compellingly. Is honest, open, and thoughtful in word and in action.  Able to clearly communicate process expectations and value to prospects. * Connecting – Able to find common ground and gain personal and professional trust. * Discernment – Ability to correctly read people, political and business situations and develop, adjust and execute an appropriate business strategy. * Creative Problem Solving – Never gives up. Continually finds ways to overcome challenges and obstacles. * Teamwork – Works collaboratively with others, shares information, addresses conflict professionally and fulfills commitments. Works exceptionally well across functional groups. Recognize that we are a team and take the time to invest in colleagues to make everyone stronger  Experience * 1+ years experience in Lead Generation, Inside Sales, Recruiting or Sourcing experience.  * Experience working with CRM * Strong phone and interpersonal communication skills (verbal and written) as well as organizational skills * Requires highly motivated individual with a competitive personality and strong attention to detail * Experience working and succeeding in a goal driven environment * Working knowledge of MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, Outlook,) * Bachelor's degree or equivalent preferred.    Health insurance available after 90 days  You can expect a relaxed and friendly work environment at our 12,000 sqft elegant offices in downtown San Jose.    www.example.com (franchising) www.example.com (franchising) www.example.com (corporate)






2-4-years-experience-needed