Company Description YESIMO is an Austin, TX based Global Digital Commerce startup initially focused on developing the U.S. Hispanic and Global Latin American markets.  We have assembled an experienced core team and are aggressively marching toward our 2013 launch.  Our investors are very enthusiastic and ready to stand by our side as we drive for success!  We are excited to grow our team and fully staff our Austin, TX headquarters. If you are ready to join a great team with full investor support, please send us your resume today!  The Technical Program/Product Manager will ensure the successful execution of YESIMO’s business mission by interfacing with the company’s online presence, including yesimo.com and the YESIMO app. This person will lead the implementation of digital products, plan for risk and growth, and develop and work with technology teams.     Reports to:  President     Responsibilities:   •       Develop and prioritize technology roadmap that balances business needs within technical constraints while anticipating bottlenecks, negotiating trade-offs, and managing complex interdependencies between YESIMO technology platforms.  • Work with cross-functional teams to translate business requirements and feature requests from YESIMO stakeholders into technical and functional specifications.  • Partner with teams to assess the feasibility and tactics of features and products and ensure the quality of all products both at launch and over their lifetime, from both consumer-facing and back-end/technology perspectives.   • Participate in evaluate existing and identifying other appropriate technology platforms (including web application frameworks and the deployment stack) for delivering the company’s services.  • Maintain partnerships with leading vendors.   • Maintain leading knowledge on industry landscape, digital tools, including an awareness of competitors’ activity.   • Review and approve proposed development releases.   • Establish a process to integrate customer service and support with the software engineering process to support resolution of customer issues and improve application usability.   • Building ongoing growth of knowledge, expertise and experience in the digital area by all members of the team.   • Ensure company technical problems are resolved in a timely and cost-effective manner.   • Develop, track, and control the annual operating and capital budgets for purchasing, staffing, and operations.     Desired Skills & Experience • Strong experience in ecommerce.  • Demonstrated ability to envision web-based services that meet consumer needs or solve business problems with a track record of on time and on budget project delivery.   • Some knowledge of integration and customization of email service platforms, web analytics tools, and other API integrations.  • Expertise in mobile development best practices.   • Ability to read, understand and communicate technical documentation • Familiarity with technical requirements of internet marketing, search engine optimization, and conversion optimization tools.   • Familiarity with information security vulnerabilities and risk management.   • Familiarity with consumer privacy and payments industry compliance requirements.   • Exposure to business theory, business process development, governance processes, management, budgeting, and administrative operations.   • Polished with excellent interpersonal and communication skills   • Self-starter with acute attention to detail and focus on delivering excellence.   • Flexibility and an ability to work in a fast paced, deadline driven environment.     Qualifications:  • Bachelor’s degree with significant coursework in the field of computer science, engineering, or another related discipline.   • Minimum of 5 years of experience leading technology teams.






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed