Culinary Services Group, a Premier Healthcare Food Service Management Company seeks a Chef Manager/Kitchen Manager to help operate and manage the food service program of a skilled nursing and assisted living community in the Frederick, Md. Area.  OVERVIEW Culinary Services Group is quickly becoming a food service solutions leader within the contract food service market. As we continue to grow, we are constantly seeking individuals that share our strong passion towards a customer centered approach and high quality food programs. Working as a Chef Manager for Culinary Services Group, you will be surrounded by people who are passionate about food and the community they represent.   RESPONSIBILITIES: This position is responsible for all kitchen activities including; managing and training the kitchen staff, purchasing, production, inventory, taste and presentation while managing the operation’s budget through effective cost control procedures and systems   QUALIFICATIONS: The ideal candidate will have a proven background of success within the healthcare industry in both service and kitchen environments. Candidate should have extraordinary interpersonal and communication skills, be highly organized, self-motivated & enthusiastic, with a strong commitment to building a core group of professionals. Good administration skills are essential for this position. Must be able to work a variety of schedules which would include working weekends and holidays. BA/BS and/or culinary degree preferred. Background Check & Drug Test required for employment.  Competitive Salary & Benefits Including: Medical Insurance Dental Insurance Vision Insurance Life and AD&D Insurance Short & Long Term Disability Aflac Employee Assistance Program  Company Provided Uniforms  Paid Benefit Time  Email Resume and Cover Page  Reference “Chef Manager/Kitchen Manager – Frederick, Md. Area ” in subject line.  Culinary Services Group is proud to be an EOE & AA M/F/D/V To learn more about CSG, please visit our website at: www.example.com. Also, check us out on Facebook and YouTube as well.






bs-degree-needed