WALLPAPER WHOLESALER is looking for a full-time Jr. Web Developer located in Chattanooga, TN to start immediately.  We are looking to find someone who has a passion for programming and writes clear, efficient, maintainable code which meets our business needs in a timely manner.  The Jr. Web Developer will work with a Team to create and modify code, troubleshoot, & create improvements in an Ecommerce environment.    Description:  Essential Job Functions  • Codes, tests, debugs, implements, and documents moderately complex programs. Creates appropriate documentation in work assignments such as program code, and technical documentation.  • Designs systems and programs to meet complex business needs. Prepares detailed specifications from which programs are developed and coded. Ensures programs meet standards and technical specifications; performs technical analysis and component delivery.  • Gathers information from existing systems, analyzes program and time requirements. Assists project manager in preparing time estimates and justification for assigned tasks.  • Designs programs for projects or enhancements to existing programs.  • Writes specifications for programs of low to moderate complexity.  • Assists support and/or project personnel in resolving moderately complex program problems. Works with client and management to resolve issues and validate programming requirements within their areas of responsibility. Provides technical advice on complex programming.  • Develops test plans to verify logic of new or modified programs.  • Conducts quality assurance activities such as peer reviews.  • Creates appropriate documentation in work assignments such as program code, and technical documentation.  • Remains abreast of industry technical trends and new development to maintain current skills and remain current with industry standards.  Qualifications  Basic Qualifications  • Bachelor's degree or equivalent combination of education and experience  • Bachelor's degree in computer science, mathematics, or related field preferred  • Six or more years of programming or testing experience  • Experience working with appropriate programming languages, operating systems and software  • Experience working with relational databases to facilitate programming software   Other Qualifications  • .NET Developer Skills : • A least five years experience in developing applications using .NET 4.0, ASP.NET, WCF Web Services, WCF, WPF, SQL Server 2005 & 2008 .  • Responsibilities include plan, design, develop, test, debug, and deploy applications using the .NET framework and SQL Server technologies .  • Working experience in Agile Methodology is preferrable .  • Very Good Communication skills  






bs-degree-needed full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed