*P3 Voith Aerospace Ltd.* headquartered in Montreal is a leading edge consulting and engineering company. Our core competencies can be found in management consulting, interim project management, engineering and technical publication services. As a joint venture between the P3 Group and the Voith Group, we employee more than 1,000 consultants and engineers worldwide, we currently work with large clients in the aerospace sector.   Our main clients are the leading OEM’S of the North American aerosapce industry including their adjacent suppliers. Our engineering projects are rolled out in close interaction with our customer. Besides our technical expertise, P3 is known for our state-of-the-art project management approach. For more information on the company, please visit www.example.com  To backup our aviation division we are currently hiring highly motivated professionals with the ambition to work as a true team player. Interest in sharing knowledge and taking over responsibility when necessary is a prerequisite for working for P3. We are currently looking for engineers with experience in the aerospace industry with knowledge in Nastran/Patran and/or CATIA V4/V5 and experience in dealing with different cultures.  We are seeking the following candidates with relevant working experience of at least three years, however 10-20 years experience is preferred. Please no recent graduates.  *Positions currently available:*  • Aerospace Mechanical Engineers • Structural Engineers • Electrical System Installations (specifically electrical harness installation and electrical wiring) • Flight-Test Engineers • Systems Engineers • Stress Engineers  *Location: Relocation Necessary*  Common tasks for our aerospace engineers are the successful design and analysis of structural aircraft parts and systems, knowledge transfer within the engineering team as well as personal and open interaction with our customers and their suppliers. Successful candidates are extremely motivated, willing to work in an international environment and are able to work independently and make quick decisions in demanding situations.  *How to apply:* Please send your complete CV and cover letter in English via email to Gisela.Barrett(at)p3voith.com  Please remember to save your CV document under your first and last name before attaching it to your email.  Address the subject heading with the appropriate position provided above in which you are applying for and indicate earliest start date and desired salary.  Email:  Email: gisela.barrett(at)p3voith.com  P3 Voith Aerospace Ltd. 6500 Trans-Canadian Highway, Suite 400 Pointe-Claire, H9R 0A5






2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job