Are you a hands-on professional eager to work in a fast-paced environment? Our Minneapolis-based client United Business Mail, a pre-sort business mail company, is looking for an experienced and dependable Office Manager for their Phoenix office. United Business Mail opened the Minneapolis based Operations Center in 1987. Starting simply with the presort of First Class letter mail, United Business Mail has evolved their service offerings to include First Class Letter Mail, Standard Letter Mail, First Class Flats, Standard Flats, Bound Printed Matter, small Parcels, metering services and much more. In 2007, United Business Mail combined forces with Valley Presort Services (Arizona) and in 2010 opened its third Operations Center in California.    General Job Description:  HR Administration: • Administer HR policies and procedures:  • Support the Operations Manager in the hiring process by reviewing resumes and applications to ensure they meet minimum requirements, ordering MVR’s and background checks;  • track completion of performance reviews;  • review time off requests, ensure time records accurately reflect time taken. • Ensure new hire paperwork (including Application form, w-4, I-9 and payroll-related information) is completed and submitted to the Corporate Office on a timely basis. • Maintain personnel files and records. • Work with the Operations Manager and Vice President - Finance to handle employee relations matters including discipline and discharge. • Ensure First Report of Injury form is completed and submitted on a timely basis in the event of a workplace injury. • Administer the benefits programs including new hire enrollment and annual open enrollment process.  Accounting: • Respond to inquiries made by management.  • Process paperwork: o Collect and submit all payables approved by the Operations Manager to Corporate Accounting. o Collect and submit all receivables to Corporate Accounting. o Report payroll data (e.g. approved time reports) to Corporate Accounting.  Office Administration: • Handle receptionist duties – answer phones and route calls, greet visitors. • Maintain files; make copies of documents. • Administer (and develop, as needed) office procedures to ensure an efficient, effective workflow. • Maximize office productivity through proficient use of appropriate software applications. • Maintain contact with customers and vendors.  Negotiate and manage contracts with vendors. • Complete special projects as directed by the Operations Manager.  Facilities: • Troubleshoot technology-related or facilities-related issues and resolve them. • Manage the purchasing and maintenance of office supplies and equipment. • Ensure that the facilities are clean and well maintained.    Key Reporting/Working Relationships:  • Position reports to the VP – Finance and the Operations Manager • Sales • Operations • Corporate Office staff  Key Results Expected:  • Timely handling of day-to-day activities – meeting deadlines • Timely and accurate submission of financial/accounting data • Smooth, efficient office operations – own the issues and resolve them • G & A expenses at or below budget  Education and Experience:  At least five years of experience in office management and HR in the service sector.  Experience working in a small, privately-owned business strongly preferred.  Knowledge, Skills and Competencies: • Ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing, with Spanish-speaking staff • Ability to work effectively with a diverse group of people • Proficiency in Microsoft Office • Excellent written and verbal communication skills • Ability to effectively manage a variety of tasks • Strong problem solver • Assertive • Well organized – ability to effectively prioritize competing requests • Flexible. • Strong analytical skills. • Self-motivated team player.  • Strong attention to detail and accuracy  • Deadline driven  • Customer service focused • Employee relations skills – knowledge of HR compliance • Demonstrated collaborative working relationships • Proactive and driven to achieve and implement continuous improvements in processes, procedures   We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package.   If you are an effective, self-directed Office Manager with proven experience, please send your resume and salary requirements to us - please do not contact United Business Mail directly.  An Equal Opportunity Employer






salary supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed