Trinity Property Consultants is seeking a Maintenance Manager  Trinity is committed to equal opportunity in employment. We offer a safe, healthy work environment for employees through a commitment to maintaining a drug-free workplace.  Must have 2 years experience managing 300 units or more.  As a Maintenance Supervisor, you’ll play a vital role with the onsite team contributing to budget control, resident retention and owner satisfaction. Our Maintenance Supervisors are the strength of our apartment communities. They’re responsible for keeping our communities in the top-notch condition our residents have come to expect, building motivated and trustworthy teams who consistently deliver a notably higher level of service to our residents. Be ready to be busy!   Responsibilities:   • Ensure that the physical aspects of the property meet the company's established standards and any applicable laws.  • Lead and manage the on-site maintenance staff and participates in the diagnosis of problems and repairs in areas such as HVAC, electrical, plumbing, pool, carpentry, dry walling, exterior structural, and appliance.  • Support the Business Manager in meeting property budget and being proactive in expense control.  • Work with and develop relationships with third party vendors as necessary on projects that are not able to be handled by the on-site maintenance staff  • Keep abreast of new city and state governmental regulations and restrictions concerning maintenance procedures and/or health, safety and environment.  • Provide leadership and/or assist leasing and management staff as necessary in emergency situations.   Personal Competencies:   • High-energy  • “Roll up your sleeves” mentality  • Warm, friendly and service-oriented philosophy  • High degree of flexibility and tolerance for change  • Ability to train, develop, lead and mentor  • Superior written and verbal communications skills  • Organized and detail-oriented  • Customer-service focused   Qualifications:   • Minimum of a high school diploma or equivalent  • 2+ years of on-site property management/facility maintenance experience 300 units or more • Excellent oral and written communication skills  • Must be knowledgeable of OSHA regulations  • Experience in supervisory role and managing staff  • Must have a valid driver’s license and be able to drive  • Must be willing to work evenings or weekends (on call) in the case of an emergency   For a head start please send your resume to example@example.com






2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job