Medical Professional/ DME (CPAP/BIPAP) Patient Coordinator: Provide on-site management of the Horizon Respiratory Medical Supply DME program.  The DME Patient Coordinator will:     Specific Duties Will Include:  1) Obtain insurance information from patients and other facilities in order to facilitate billing on behalf of the company,   2) Educate patient on insurance plans, financial responsibility, and collection of patient portion  3) Obtain pre-auth and collect payments at the time of service.    4) The DME Patient Coordinator will provide the highest level of customer service to patients, and physicians offices and strive to meet performance goals of Horizon Respiratory Medical Supply, LLC .   5) Actively promote and foster good relations interdepartmentally and with external case managers, payers, suppliers, physicians'.  6)  Track, maintain, and order assets for the location including inventory and equipment  7) Experience with the application of durable medical equipment (DME) preferred.  8) Local travel may be required for product delivery and pick-up (10% 0f the time).  9) Develop and maintain site specific operational manual.    Specific Skills:  Horizon Respiratory Medical Supply, LLC is seeking an employee with a professional image,DME competency and competitive bidding. The individual will have direct patient care, computer literacy, an orientation to detail and organization, and excellent verbal and written communication skills.  We are looking for a DME patient care coordinator to manage the front desk area and ensure smooth patient flow through the various departments. The person must have knowledge of DME pre-authorization and billing. This employee must be able to handle multiple priorities, exceptional customer service skills, ability to work independently, good judgment and decision making skills.     Qualifications:  ·Must have a high school degree  -Must have good written and communication skills  -Must have a least 4-5 years of experience with DME  -DME Medical Billing (prefer but not must)  -Bilingual - English and Spanish desirable.  -Valid driver’s license and proof of auto insurance  -Willing to travel to other company locations.   ·Must be able to work the specific hours of 9am – 530pm Monday to Thursday, Fridays 9am to 430pm and one Saturday per month 10am – 2pm. $12-15/hr. with monthly bonus.      Please email resume. No calls






2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job hourly-wage