Position Description: FULL TIME MON-FRI 8-5 Some Sat. 9-1 16.00 hr The Provider Relations Representative is responsible for answering phone inquiries pertaining to workers compensation claims from multi-state medical providers. An understanding of company computer systems, Strataware, Citadel and CallTrak, is required to answer, return and manage calls. The primary function of the Provider Relations Representative is to provide prompt, courteous and professional Customer Service. The primary function of the Intake Representative is to provide prompt, courteous, professional, and accurate customer service while documenting telephonic workers’ compensation first reports of injury (also referred to as “incidents”) and/or routing callers to the appropriate contact, typically an outside contact or nurse. An understanding of company computer systems including Citadel is required; and an understanding of Strataware, Citadel and CallTrak may also be required in order to perform secondary job functions when not on the phone. Minimum Qualifications 1. High school diploma/GED 2. Ability to learn ICD-9 and CPT coding 3. Ability to use Microsoft Windows-based software 4. Ability to learn and apply basic medical terminology 5. Good oral and written skills 6. Ability to assess and document reconsideration issues 7. Ability to work in a team environment 8. Minimum one (1) year of Customer Service experience 9. Strong ability to transcribe verbal information into written records accurately and completely 10. Ability/willingness to accommodate varied schedules; including 8am-9pm, Monday through Sunday and mandatory holidays, as scheduled Preferred Qualifications 1. Two (2) years experience in Customer Service Department 2. Two (2) years experience in Workers’ Compensation 3. Two (2) years experience in a medical setting 4. Six (6) months experience in Bill Review Department Job Description: PRR – 1 (ORG) Approved: 06/19/2014 Primary Responsibilities 1. Working knowledge of Strataware, Citadel and CallTrak 2. Understanding of State rulings and regulations as relating to Workers’ Compensation 3. Understanding of medical bill processing rules and guidelines 4. Provide prompt, courteous and accurate customer service 5. Perform administrative tasks such as managing faxes and phone message retrieval within 24 hours 6. Facilitate the processing of “PRIORITY” request to ensure that bill review processors make the necessary changes with 48 hours 7. Document telephonic, workers compensation first reports of injury as completely and accurately as possible 8. Transfer callers to the appropriate nurse after documenting the first report, as warranted 9. Direct callers reporting incidents not handled by Bunch to the appropriate external contacts 10. Direct callers not reporting an incident to the appropriate contacts 11. Demonstrate reliability through minimal tardiness and unscheduled absenteeism Collateral Responsibilities 1. Set an example of courtesy and professionalism for all co-workers and customers 2. Demonstrate the ability to work both individually and in a team environment 3. Identify and troubleshoot issues and concerns related to callers, workflow, system, etc. and escalate to the Team Leader, as necessary, for resolution 4. Take responsibility for continuous learning and development of skills necessary to fully contribute to the organization 5. Complete additional work assignments as required by management Performance Expectations 1. Demonstrate the ability to Strataware, Citadel and CallTrak to locate claim information (by social security number, claim number or patient name) to provide current status (check information, authorization and/or compensability). 2. Analyze Call Track data to determine that the information gathered is correct and calls can be resolved. 3. Demonstrate an understanding of the Bill Review guidelines and procedures. 4. Demonstrate the ability to communicate and get along with fellow co-workers. 5. Maintain the minimum performance expectations for the primary job function – Claim Intake 6. Adhere to strict scheduling requirements, including both tardiness and absenteeism






full-time-job hourly-wage