Senior Consultant (Project Manager Role for PMO & Operations) CBC is a boutique consulting company servicing global Fortune 500 companies. Our services focus on developing client strategy and managing the execution of client strategy. Project Managers are expected to develop business analyst, organizational change management and project management skills to deliver relationship based world class consulting.  Position Summary As a Senior Consultant, resources are trained on core consulting expectations and charged with day-to-day execution activities, based on available opportunities. Resources must be flexible in taking assignments and be prepared to execute on everything from taking meeting notes to re-designing business processes, and facilitating communication between project working teams through logistical coordination of meetings, including recording and distributing meeting minutes.  Applicants should have demonstrated strength in communication, taking a creative approach to documentation and strong comfort with new technology.  Day-to-day work will focus on being on-site at client sites acting as owner of details of delivery.  This includes coordinating meeting logistics, preparing meeting rooms for facilitation sessions, taking notes during sessions, confirming all key decisions after sessions and creating weekly status reports. Additional responsibilities and day-to-day activities are assigned based on the specific client needs at the time.  Organizational Structure Senior Consultants report to an assigned Manager or Senior Manager, based on the client engagement. Career path is managed by the assigned Senior Manager or CBC Executive.  Core Duties (Combination of Project Management and Business Analysis) Project Management: • Provides project management guidance and support throughout the Project Lifecycle, e.g. project methodology expert, deliverable manager, planning / milestone coordinator • Serves as primary point of contact for change requests to PMO and Change Management Manager • Serves as the point of contact to Vendor Partner • Understands and administers the standard deliverable templates to document the business requirements and complete the impact assessment , e.g. wireframes, BRD (Business Requirements Documents), SIPOC (Suppliers, Inputs, Process, Outputs, Customers), process flows, and use cases. Business Analysis: • Serves as the subject matter expert and facilitator for documenting accurate business requirements • Organizes UAT (User Acceptance Testing) of the Change Request functionality • Conducts working sessions with business stakeholders to capture and vet business requirements • Works with Operations to document the business requirements in the standard deliverable template • Assists with determining if Change Request needs to be separated into multiple change requests • In the document and submit phase, one must facilitate the documentation and submission of business requirements for Change Requests • Review partner impact assessment for Change Requests • Managing and maintaining online repositories • Deliverables include maintaining a weekly Project Status Report, an Action Items, Risks, and Key Decisions Log, a Deliverables Mapping or Critical Path, and an Executive Dashboard  Supporting Responsibilities • Day-to-day execution of assigned client support (project specific) • Execute on meeting logistics (rooms, preparation, notes, etc.) • Documentation management and updates • Contribute to team communication regarding client assignments • Meet client expectations (project/client specific) • Complete periodic career reviews • Complete assigned consulting training • Complete weekly status reports  Required Skills & Experience: • Bachelor Degree in relevant area • Plan and organize activities with due dates that support the successful completion of the document and submit phase of the change management process. • Identify the team participants • Communicate, facilitate and manage communications to effectively coordinate project resources and maintain ongoing participation • Mobilize, identify and assemble the team of project members and stakeholders. • Must demonstrate strong team contribution • Experience with Microsoft Office Package: PowerPoint, Visio, and Sharepoint. • Strong ability to build interpersonal relationships, strong team contribution, ability to think creatively. • Excellent written, interpersonal and presentation skills • Ability to understand and articulate technical topics in business terms • Team player who fosters good work relationships with a positive mental attitude • Detail-oriented and desire to proactively assist colleagues and contribute to the success of the team • Flexibility to accommodate administrative demands and documentation of servicing the client • Availability for commuting to client locations for daily job execution within the local metro area • Availability for travel to client locations outside the local metro area on a weekly basis for up to 6 months at a time • Total travel expectation is between 30 and 70% on an annual basis  Each of the items listed is considered an essential function of the position. However, the duties, responsibilities and requirements presented in this job description are intended to be broad-based and high level and should not be construed as an exhaustive list of all roles or responsibilities for the position.  Type: Full-time Experience: Experienced level Functions: Project Management Industries: Automotive  Why CBC CBC is an entrepreneurial environment where team members are: • rewarded for their contribution, • rewarded to your specific interests, • given flexible work schedules, although they are demanding, • encouraged to bring new ideas to the team, • given responsibility early in their career, • given face time with the clients quickly, • encouraged to help craft the future of the company, • involved in projects that are often cutting edge in their industry






bs-degree-needed full-time-job