A Leader in the Field of Photonics  Founded in 1969 by Robert Johnson D. Sc., President and Technical Director, Omega Optical is a leader in photonics, exploring new areas with fresh ideas, an eager team, and the latest technology to produce the best in optical Interference filters. Our products encompass many markets and applications including;  Medical Diagnostics: Point-of-Care Instrumentation, Hematology, Macular Degeneration, Real-Time Patient Monitoring and more. Industrial: Environmental Monitoring, Machine Vision Systems, Spectroscopy, Lasers, Color Correction, Source Leveling and more. Defense, Aerospace and Astronomy: Infra-Red Vision Systems, targeting systems, LIDAR, Conflict/Weapon Simulators, Outer Space Based Instrumentation, Ground-Based Telescope Systems, and more.  Omega Optical currently seeks a full time phone receptionist/accounting clerk.  This is a combined position.  Reception duties include but are not limited to:  Answering all incoming calls, screening and direct calls. Take and relay messages.  Transferring calls when necessary. Providing general information to callers if necessary. Dealing with queries from the public and customers if necessary. Providing general administrative and clerical support.  Accounting duties include distributing incoming mail, processing electronic bank deposits, assisting with Accounts Receivable duties such as mailing invoices/statements, Accounts Payable disbursements, matching invoices with product receipts, filing, copying and scanning.   Education and Experience  CANDIDATE MUST HAVE MICROSOFT OFFICE KNOWLEDGE, EXCEL.  KNOWLEDGE OF PEACHTREE OR QUICKBOOKS IS HELPFUL BUT NOT REQUIRED.  Knowledge of administrative and clerical procedures Knowledge of computers and relevant software application Knowledge of customer service principles and practices   Key Competencies  Verbal and written communication skills Professional personal presentation     Customer service orientation    Organizing and planning Attention to detail Initiative Reliability Stress tolerance   Complete benefits package available after 90 days.






full-time-job