This listing is for a sales person for a new region and new amazing salon product within NW and West  Ark. Product has been around for approx. 10 years. Job will be split between two people from Bella Vista to Ft Smith and Conway or if your a go getter, you can have Bella Vista to Fayetteville at first and then we will go from there.. Position will need to be filled by first of June.  Product is for salons/stylist, selling hair shampoo, conditioner, colour and tools.  You do not need stylist training, just the understanding that this is for a new region and cold sales and I am looking for that type of go getter who will look at this as there own business. More you put in, the more you will make.  You will be trained on the product, work with someone until comfortable and a sales kit and samples as needed. These will be provided to you. I am also looking at a providing a 100 dollar gas card since your starting at 0 salons.  Limited experience with Excel spreadsheets. Organized and ready to learn new products and ready to learn more and more at any time.  You will visit your existing customers per there schedule as needed every 2 to 3 weeks and take orders and ensure they are aware of promotions and take care of issue's.  Our product is amazing, in Atlanta, within one year as a part time job I went from 5 stylists to 30 stylists and we are about to hire our 2nd person. Again, it was part time for me and I believe so much in this product, I bought the distributor rights for OK and Ark and now doing this full time.  Pay is still being worked out. It will be 15 percent of sales which is standard across the industry. I am working on growth and more pay or incentives that other companies do not do for there reps. But I am huge on being a TEAM, Together Everyone Achieves More and the more salons you get, you will be rewarded and we all win.  I need a go getter in every way. Confident and ready to walk into a salon, feel it out, learn it and keep working em over.  On a whole, you make your own hours and must be able to manage yourself working from home. Days expected to really put in the miles and time are  on Tuesday, Wednesdays and Thursday.  Most salons are closed on Monday and too busy on Fridays so those 3 days are extremely key  to our success.  You will be measured on how many salons you are working each week, sold to, and growth forecasting and we will talk each Monday to ensure your needs are taken care of. OUR TEAM will always be there to help in every way to ensure OUR success.  There will be some travel to Tulsa and the very furthest OK City as well for training and meetings and classes but mostly Tulsa.  






