Principal Function:  As the Executive Assistant, it is your primary function to assist the VP of Operations in the following. Creating Reports in Excel from the ground up compile and deliver reporting to the Management Team as requested. The Executive Assistant works closely with and reports directly to the VP of Operations and the Call Center Manager.      Essential Duties  (Included but not limited to the following)     1. Design and implement reporting for Management in Excel.     2. Compile data and deliver Operational Reports as required/requested.    3. Conduct daily audits of approved sales calls.     4. Answer phones and filling.     5. Create daily reports for Management in Excel.     6.  Perform any other duties as instructed.    This list is not meant to be a comprehensive inventory of all duties and responsibilities assigned to this position.    Behavioral Standards:    1. Must be highly energetic, passionate about performance, and have a dedication to consistently exceed expectations. While, at the same time, employ an unwavering commitment to integrity and ensuring their customer needs come first.    2. Attention to detail a must.     3. Strong effective communicator in writing, business presentations and in interpersonal communication.    4. Maintain a strict adherence to the company’s attendance guidelines’ pertaining to work schedule, breaks and lunch.      5. Strong work ethic and time management skills.    6. Highly developed, demonstrated teamwork skills.    7. Adhere to all company policies and procedures.    Requirements to perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty above average. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required.     Required Education/Experience:   •Minimum of a High School Diploma; Associate’s Degree highly preferred.  •1+ years experience as an Executive/Admin Assistant required; or equivalent combination of education and experience.   •Experience in call centers is preferred and recommended.     Required Computer Skills:   General typing skills, strong knowledge of MS Word, Excel, E-mail and the competency to learn specialized company software is required.   Must have experience creating reports in excel/formulas.     






associate-needed 1-year-experience-needed