Description: Graphic Designer     Graphic Designer Job Purpose: Prepares visual presentations by designing art and copy layouts.    Reports to: VP     Graphic Designer Job Duties:    •Design marketing materials to promote our company’s services and products to the existing user base.    •Develop, design and provide final assets for online promotions, web banners, email campaigns, newsletters, landing pages, registration pages etc.    •Create and maintain design assets across web and mobile applications.    •Collaborate in the development of new project concepts and campaigns across all company products and platforms.    •Contribute to ongoing development of the brand's visual identity.    •Own the creative process from conception to production.    •Ensure adherence to existing brand guidelines and design within the brand identity.    •Brainstorm concepts and create visual prototypes via story boards, mockups, or other prototyping tools and present design ideas to stakeholders.    •Know when to have pixel-perfect attention to detail.     •Advocate for branding and style consistency across all communication platforms.    Skills/Qualifications: Graphic Design Skills, Layout Skills, Creative Services, Customer Focus, Creativity, Flexibility, Attention to Detail, Deadline-Oriented, Desktop Publishing Tools, Acute Vision, Handles Rejection    •Expertise and thorough knowledge of leading design programs including Adobe CS5; particularly Illustrator, Photoshop and InDesign.    •Proficiency with After Effects.    •Organized, particularly in your Photoshop files, layers, and sub-layers.     •Understanding of the pre-press production process.    •Results and deadline driven: must be willing to do whatever it takes and spend whatever time it takes to meet objectives.    •Self-motivated individual who takes ownership.    •Project Management Experience.    •Consumer Products Brand Experience a must!    •Design Background in Graphics or Web Development a must!    •Must have a BS/ BA.   






bs-degree-needed