Yabber Magazine is the first digital magazine for children. With some fresh funding and the release of our first issue, we are to building our marketing team.     Yabber is looking for an energetic social media coordinator with an understanding of the digital media landscape, including various social media websites. The coordinator will be in charge of all marketing and outbound communications and will work directly with management to implement the marketing strategies. Salary will be based on experience and strength of experience; not necessarily on number of years of experience.    *Responsibilities / Duties:*  * Social Media Manager to be responsible for designing and implementing social media strategies, products and tools  * Manager will work directly with internal team on effective use of social tools to promote our products, content and services  * Drive engagement of our brand with our social community, including customers, prospects, and thought leaders daily via our social media properties.  * Impeccable communication skills, very high attention to detail, and great decision-making abilities are skills you will draw on every day to tackle this high-energy, high-visibility position.  * Work with social media coordinators to write, publish and maintain current content on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and other corporate social media properties with the aim of engaging our audience  * Maintain social media content calendar. Meet with various stakeholders to collect content for calendar.   * Monitor social properties for response opportunities  * Moderate user generated posts and replies  * Respond to comments and replies quickly with poise and tact  * Translate marketing and PR content into highly engaging, social-friendly content  * Track effectiveness of individual posts and tweets  * Interpret insights and community conversations into actionable recommendations  * Research effectiveness of various social platforms  * Influencer monitoring and engagement    *Requirements*  * You should have strong interest in one or more of the following fields:   Branding   Website Development   Online Shop Development   Viral Marketing   Search Engine Marketing  * Must have at least five (5) years’ experience working with social media tools and techniques  * Must have exceptional communication, interpersonal skills and a social personality by nature  * Strong ability for presentation skills (speaking and visual design) required  * Previous marketing, editorial, and/or PR experience  * Proven ability to create and execute online social media campaigns  * Leadership experience with strategic planning and marketing of successful online communities  * Proven track record for managing online communities and creating positive and successful community engagements  * Expertise publishing or participating on blogs, social news, video/photo sharing, social networking applications with a strong personal online reputation  * Strong results-driven project management experience plus proven public relations skills   * Detail-oriented, high attention to fact checking and accurate dissemination of information  * Excellent verbal and written communication skills and social skills  * Outstanding organizational skills and the ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously while meeting deadlines  * BA degree in Journalism, Communication, Marketing Public Relations or related field preferred  * Experience with monitoring, engagement, and analytics platforms a plus (e.g. Hootsuite, radian6, marketmesuite, Facebook Insights, Twitalyzer, PageLever, etc.)    *Other Stuff*  * You will NOT be micromanaged but you WILL be held absolutely responsible for everything about your job; If you love the sound of that, you'll love the job. If you don't, you won't.  * We are a startup and enjoy the flexibility and informality of working here.     Please direct hires only, no agencies or 3rd parties.  






bs-degree-needed salary 5-plus-years-experience-needed