Territory Manager Pain Management and Injury Relief (PMIR) Medical Center – Santa Monica, CA 90404  With three clinics, two surgery centers and a central business office, PMIR is a dynamic and growing interventional Pain Management practice in Southern California. Founded in 2003, we take an integrative and comprehensive approach to pain management, offering the latest FDA-approved procedures and treatments for chronic pain with the most educated and experienced physicians in Southern California.  We are seeking a professional Territory Manager who is dependable, positive, goal-oriented, organized, with a team-player attitude. This position would require travel to Santa Monica and the greater Los Angeles area to various clinics and medical offices. Mileage reimbursement and/or company car provided. MUST have current CA driver's license.  Job Description  Provide support and assistance to the marketing department and physicians in the following areas: generate referrals, relationship building, special events, and physician liason. Your duties will include the following:  Generate referrals • Create and drive leads • Plan and execute strategies to access referral sources • Research sources and dynamically respond to the market • Efficiently and promptly follow up on all generated leads and established referrals, resulting from field activity • Compile and maintain a database of referral sources and leads • Introduce and provide information to medical offices and businesses about PMIR doctors and our services  Relationship Building • Build and maintain relationships with surrounding medical offices, wellness centers and integrative specialists/healers, ie: yoga/Pilates, acupuncturists, chiropractors, physical therapists, etc. • Upkeep of physician thank you notes and gifts • Collaborate with marketing staff to create content needed to enhance field work Special Events • Assist in organizing, executing and managing events including expos, dinners, workshops, etc. • Attend special events and dinners as necessary  Physician Liaison • Manage custom marketing plans for individual physicians • Communicate between physicians and outside referral sources • Responsible for setting up physician meetings, ie: Meet and Greet, Breakfast/Lunch/Dinner meetings with referral sources  Required Experience • Bachelors Degree • Previous Medical Field Marketing experience  Required Skills • Excellent written and verbal communication skills • Positive and friendly disposition • Organized and detail-oriented • Sets goals and highly motivated • Strong relationship-building skills, comfortable meeting new people • Strong follow-up skills • Self-starter; open to try new ideas and approaches  Technical Skills • Microsoft Word, Powerpoint, Excel • Internet research • PC and Mac computers  Hours: Full Time, 40 hour work week, with one weekend or evening event per month. Competitive salary with commission and benefits.  Please send your letter of intent and resume.






salary full-time-job bs-degree-needed