Air Cooled Heat Exchanger Manufacturer seeking an Engineer specializing in the Air Cooled Heat Exchanger Industry.  Roles, Responsibilities: Familiarity with ASME Codes II, VIII-I, IX. Familiarity with API-661. Familiarity with AISC and ASCE Structural design requirements. Perform/Complete Project Engineering activities. Perform/Complete Project Management activities. (i.e. Interface with customers regarding Project Requirements, Issues, Changes, and Schedules.)  Computer Skills Required: Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite (i.e. Word, Excel, Outlook). Experience using AutoCAD a plus. Experience related to High Alloy pressure vessel fabrication a plus.  Notes: 1. This is a challenging and unique position in the company - for the right applicant. 2. Compensation commensurate with Experience/Education. 3. Under limited supervision, this position will be required to perform and comply in accordance with the requirements outlined in Company Standards, Customer Standards, ASME Codes, API-661 Standards, and Similar Standards.  Expectations: 1.  Seeking a Team Player - an Individual naturally inclined to work efficiently in a \"Team Atmosphere\".  This individual must interface with Sales, Drafting, Quality Assurance, Purchasing, and Production to effectively and efficiently meet the responsibilities of this position.  This individual must be open minded and be open to direction and guidance from senior level management.  Education/Certification: BS in an Engineering Discipline, or, equivalent work experience.  Work Experience/Skills Required:  Reasonably Experienced in Heat Exchanger Mechanical/Structural Design.  Strong communication skills.  Attention to detail.  Self-motivated.  Work Experience Preferred: 5+ Years Experience in Heat Exchanger Mechanical/Structural Design.  Benefits: 1.  Health Insurance, Dental Insurance, Vision Insurance, 401K, Short & Long Term Disability 2.  Vacation 3.  Bonus  Company Overview This company supports the domestic oil refining, chemical processing, and high pressure natural gas compression industries and is a leading provider of high-quality equipment used in these industries. Virtually every engineered product provided by this company is designed for its specific application, with an emphasis to lower costs, reduce risk and/or improve productivity.  Call:   XXX  Ask for Cindy 






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed