We are currently recruiting for a construction project manager for a position here in Knoxville, TN. This person will be responsible for handling the management of fast -paced construction projects.    Duties for this position will include management oversight for all phases of the construction project, coordinating workers, material (staging all products before scheduled start date), and equipment. Ensuring that specifications are being followed and work is proceeding on schedule and within budget. Develop a cost-effective plan and schedule for completion of projects following a logical pattern for utilization of resources. Select and coordinate work of subcontractors working on various phases of the project. Oversees performance of all trade subcontractors and reviews architectural and engineering drawings to make sure that all specifications and regulations are being followed. The Construction Project Manager is responsible for proper administration of construction contracts and for obtaining all necessary permits and licenses. This includes any change orders and/or amendments. Supervises employees, reviews their reports of time on jobs, checks on any reported difficulties, and corrects any safety violations or other reported deficiencies. Tracks and controls construction schedule and associated costs to achieve completion of project within time and monies allocated. Reports to owners about progress and any necessary modifications of plans that seem indicated.    Requirements for this position are 3+ years of construction project management experience, construction management experience is a must with in depth understanding of construction disciplines to include plumbing, framing, concrete finishing. Must be able to work in the Microsoft Project program as well as all other MS Office products. Must have superior organizational skills with the ability to manage multiple projects remotely and simultaneously without sacrificing quality of work. Excellent written and verbal skills. Requires excellent negotiating, communication and interpersonal skills. Able to work well in a fast-paced, ever-changing environment. Team-oriented and ability to work in an integrated organization. Creative with a good visual \"eye\".    Email resume, cover letter, and salary requirements. 






2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job