BookStore Key Holder- Team Member (Venice Bookstore)  We're Seeking a Qualified BookStore Retail candidate.  Business education, retail operations including Point of Sales experience, customer relations and positive attitude, computer skills, book passion and knowledge, ability to work independently, open and close, interpersonal skills, and ability to work typical retail hours (days, nights and weekends) are important qualifications.  Ability to stand and move around for most of an 8-hour shift. Ability to develop and work effectively as part of a team with a friendly and positive attitude is key.  Position includes: - Competitive pay - 25% discount at all retail locations except location where you work. - Paid Time Off Plan - Life Insurance - Accidental Death & Dismemberment Insurance - Supplemental group term life insurance - 401k Annuity Savings Plan - Educational Assistance - Full time 40 hours a week - Plenty of room for growth and advancement  ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES - Responsible for greeting customers in a prompt, friendly and courteous manner, offering assistance to customers in locating or selecting merchandise with the goal of providing 100% customer delight. - Ensures effective operations to achieve financial goals. - Operates POS to ensure accurate and efficient sales data, price, and information codes on books. - Be aware of current trends, and popular titles to achieve the most donor value from each item - Plans, organizes and prioritizes store operational requirements - Complete store reports as needed - Perform all job duties necessary to providing a clean, safe, and pleasing environment to customers and associates by following company standards for safety and overall store appearance both inside and outside of the store - Oversees the off-loading and on-loading of inventory - Ensure retail store is compliant with all sales division procedures and agency policies & procedures. - Maintain established customer/donor service standards and resolve complaints as needed. - Plan and implement merchandising strategies - Ensure the store hours of operation are met and the proper procedures are followed for cash transactions and deposits. - Provides customer service in a positive, professional, and courteous manner. - Demonstrates excellent interpersonal skills such as courtesy, sensitivity, politeness, and thoughtfulness. - Demonstrates and promotes teamwork and cooperation. - Enforce all policies and procedures to ensure excellent customer service is provided  QUALIFICATIONS: - 2 + years retail experience - Vast knowledge and passion of books - Positive work history - Excellent verbal and written communication skills - Ability to supervise, direct, motivate, discipline staff as necessary - Ability to work well with the public. - Ability to work with minimal supervision. - Value diversity  We care about the people we employ. Please apply now if you wish to be part of a vibrant organization that is an innovative place to work, where employees are valued for their talents.  Equal Opportunity Employer • Location: Bradenton/Sarasota • Compensation: 10.00 Per Hour • Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster. • Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.






2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job supervising-job