Company Overview:   Sageworks is the leader in the financial analysis of privately held companies (www.example.com). Located in Raleigh, North Carolina, our mission is to turn complex financial data into actionable intelligence that empowers people to make better financial decisions. Our patented, web-based technology rapidly analyzes financial information and uses artificial intelligence to aggregate and interpret financial data on privately-held companies. Thousands of accounting firms and financial institutions use Sageworks’ software and financial data in their operations. We have been recognized by Inc. Magazine and Deloitte as one of the fastest-growing technology companies in the U.S. Sageworks has a deliberately unique environment and culture that is casual but extremely results-oriented. We hire assertive, directed individuals who are goal-oriented and are committed to our vision of changing how financial information is used by business people.     Position Overview:  We are seeking a talented Vice President of Sales to drive corporate revenue growth and achieve sales targets across two vertical markets (accounting firms and financial institutions) represented by both inside and outside sales forces. The position is based in Raleigh, NC. The VP of Sales will be overseeing a total sales force of approximately 70 direct sales representatives who are responsible for selling web-based software to accounting firms and financial institutions throughout the United States. The Vice President of Sales will also be responsible for strategic planning, recruiting new salespeople, establishing training programs, setting team and individual goals, advising sales representatives and sales managers on ways to improve sales performance and achieve goals, and assisting with deal engineering. The VP of Sales will be accountable for monthly revenue goals and will work closely with other members of the executive management team to achieve strategic growth plans and profitability targets. The right candidate for this role will have strong leadership and management experience in a high growth organization.    Responsibilities:  • Ensure that sales representatives meet or exceed activity standards for prospecting calls, appointments, presentations, proposals, and deals closed  • Develop sales plans and strategies that ensure attainment of company sales profit goals  • Conduct one-on-one reviews with sales reps and managers to assess performance, provide guidance on how to improve performance, and identify development needs  • Provide timely feedback to senior management regarding performance  • Create and conduct proposal presentations and RFP responses  • Assist sales reps in negotiations and preparation of proposals and presentations  • Control expenses to meet budget guidelines  • Recruit and hire sales reps based on criteria agreed upon by senior management  • Set examples for sales reps in areas of personal character, commitment, organizational and selling skills, and work habits    Qualifications:   • Proven success hitting sales goals in a high growth organization  • 5-10 years of sales management experience with multiple direct reports preferably in a software or information company  • Entrepreneurial spirit and strong sense of urgency  • Demonstrated ability to attract, retain, and drive high caliber sales talent  • Strong leadership abilities and self-motivation  • Ability to communicate effectively in and across teams; must possess strong verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills  • Strong undergraduate and/or graduate academic credentials preferred  






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed