POSITION REQUIREMENTS:     JOB KNOWLEDGE  Bachelor’s degree required with an emphasis in a technology-related field or a proven record of success.  Minimum of three years of relevant experience required.  Cisco Certified Networking Professional (CCNP) certification required.  Project Management Professional (PMP) certification preferred.  Experience managing technology projects.  Experience installing, configuring and updating Routers, ATM switches, Ethernet switches, firewalls, wireless access-points, VPN and servers.  Experience configuring Quality of Service (QOS) and Network Address Translation (NAT) on Wide Area networking devices to accommodate H.320, H.323 and streaming video.  Experience utilizing network management tools such as SolarWinds, Quality Device Manager, Syslog software and packet sniffers.  Experience with Voice over IP technologies.  Experience gathering network information and evaluating to develop a network solution that includes needed improvements for greater operational efficiency.  Experience providing network support and documentation for district and campus infrastructures, preferably in an educational setting.  Experience with the installation, maintenance and support of a DHCP and RADIUS server.  Experience with the setup and troubleshooting of T-1 and GigaMAN circuits.  Experience developing configurations using IPv6, TCP/IP, OSPF, RIP, ATM, Ethernet, Subnetting, Spanning Tree and VLANs.  Experience with switched and shared LAN designs preferred.  Demonstrate organizational skills to plan work and prioritize tasks.  Knowledge of educational and government regulations and opportunities related to telecommunications.  Proficiency with standard functions within electronic applications such as MS Office (word processing, electronic spreadsheets, presentation software), e-mail, web browsers and databases.  Proficiency with computers (PCs and/or MACs) to include desktop management, file management and operations, and successfully working in a networked environment.  Exceptions to these requirements will be considered based on exemplary skills, training, and record of success.     PRODUCTS/OUTCOMES  Provide project management, networking expertise and engineering support services to netVision20 members, Oracle, TETN Plus, TxEIS, iTCCS, Internet, Video, and other connected partners to ensure successful connectivity and assessment.  Evaluate network designs recommending reconfigurations and implementation processes.  Perform school and district security network assessments examining networking equipment and documentation.  Develop network specifications for improving client bandwidth utilization.  Deliver effective end-user project management and network training.  Assign all IP address information maintaining a database of network inventory and problem logs.  Troubleshoot and correct problems, overcome obstacles and improve training and network assistance support to Center personnel and member districts.  Assist end-users and technical support staff with network problems relating to connectivity, congestion, and throughput.      INITIATIVE   Work under a minimum of supervision.  Remain knowledgeable in Voice over IP technologies.  Generate and meet appropriate program objectives consistently.  Ensure high levels of quality and effectiveness.  Adapt to new situations and challenges as circumstances demand.  Stay abreast of new and emerging developments in the field of networking and telecommunications inclusive of voice, video and data.     COMMUNICATION/HUMAN RELATIONS  Communicate effectively and interact professionally and courteously with clients, co-workers and representatives from private and public entities.  Demonstrate sensitivity to clients’ concerns.  Establish a network of contacts among providers of network related equipment and software.  Collaborate with other Center staff within and outside the Division to enhance program objectives.      SUPERVISION AND ORGANIZATION OF STAFF  None     BUDGET MANAGEMENT None     ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS  Accept other responsibilities as assigned.  Exhibit high levels of attendance and dependability.  Travel independently and purposefully to fulfill the responsibility of the position.  Must be able to effectively manage phone and e-mail communication.  Serve at the will of the Executive Director. 






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed