We are seeking honest and dynamic *Sales Representatives-Experienced Automotive Sales Consultants* to sell high-end new and pre-owned vehicles from one of our world-class showrooms including Subaru in Troy, MI.  If you are a motivated individual with demonstrated results and are looking to continue your career growth, join our automotive sales team at *The Suburban Collection, the largest dealership group in Michigan!* Please visit our website at www.example.com  *Job Responsibilities*  As an Automotive Sales Representative with The Suburban Collection, you will capitalize on our superb dealership collection support, provided through broad community-based advertising and a strong online presence, as you consult on an array of products, their features and their benefits to customers.  Additional responsibilities include:  Driving results by meeting daily, weekly, and monthly sales and development goals. Building and maintaining your customer base. Directing call-in and Internet prospects to the showroom. Greeting walk-in showroom and parking lot customers. Networking through social media, referrals and personal and professional contacts to generate leads. Assisting in the utilization of social media opportunities to introduce customers to The Suburban Collection and our products. Following up with customers who have just purchased vehicles, as well as those who are leasing or are getting ready to buy. Completing all manufacturer and dealership processes and paperwork in a timely and accurate manner. Developing your professional talents through ongoing performance discussions.  *Job Requirements*  2+ years automobile sales experience.  Ability to build rapport with customers through a consultative sales approach. High degree of integrity and professionalism with customers and our teams. Excellent communication skills and customer follow-up. Ability to organize, prioritize and multitask efficiently. Strong abilities with social media and networking a plus. High school degree or equivalent required; college a plus. Availability and willingness to work a flexible schedule of over 40 hours per week, including until 9 p.m. Mondays and Thursdays and 10-5 p.m. Saturdays. Valid in-state driver’s license. Pre-employment background check and drug-screen required prior to hire.  *Benefits*  Commission & bonus based compensation Medical & dental insurance 401(k) with company match Life & Short-term disability insurance Vacation time based on length of employment Exceptional career advancement opportunities Company demo vehicle program Automobile & service discounts  Key words: careers, insurance, finance, consulting, automotive, automobile, auto sales, car sales, pre-owned, used car sales, vehicle, consultant, representative






2-4-years-experience-needed