Our Market: Our agency specializes in life insurance to protect mortgages for families with average income and health, and we are in need of new agents to accommodate our continuously expanding lead/response base. Every week, we mail 1.5 million letters to people with life events such as new mortgages, new marriages, pending retirements, new babies, etc (in addition to internet and telemarketing) causing us to have high quality leads. We get at least 15 to 20 thousand responses from people each week who would like to hear their options for life or disability insurance. We collect their personal information and book an appointment to sit down and discuss with the family and sell the insurance that meets their needs and budget. Bilingual agents will find an even larger market.   Our Carriers: We have over a dozen insurance companies we work with such as the Mutual of Omaha, ING, Fidelity, we have special relationships with them. We have non-medical policies (no exam/blood work/ medical records required) available from most of our carriers, so about 85-90% of what we sell results in an issued policy, and we are paid very quickly for our efforts.  One of our carriers is now issuing policies as quickly as the same day from electronic applications, so you can be paid for your efforts in as little as 3-7 days. We added two new carriers in January of this year.  Our Products: Our products consist of Term & Basic UL, as well as Final Expense/High Risk. We have standalone disability, AD&D, a wide range of Fixed Indexed Annuities, Indexed Universal Life, Tax Free Retirement options, children’s policies, and more to meet individual needs. We can even write HIV+ and recent cancer survivors on Non-Medical.  Payment: Having ready-to-buy clients and non-medical policies puts our agents in a position to make good living right away. Our average sale nationwide is a $1,000 annual premium, starting with a 55% commission rate for our new agents, making the average commission per sale around $500. (The commission rate usually increases every two months). One sale per week is a $25,000 income. The usual income for a part time agent (10-15 hour a week) make about $35,000-50,000 per year, and full time agents (about 35 hours per week) can easily earn six figure incomes.     Referrals from our clients: Many families we sell insurance to then allow us to show them other products to help meet needs such as risk-free retirement planning, often with much higher commissions. Our referral and up sell system is very extensive.  Training and Advancement: Our agents are encouraged to move on to management, and live training and mentoring is provided weekly for both sales and leadership. Overrides on team production range from 5%-55% plus bonuses.  If you aren’t licensed: Becoming a life & disability agent requires 5 days of classroom training or the equivalent online training, plus passing a test. The Department of Insurance and the insurance companies will run criminal background checks, and bad credit will be a challenge with some insurance companies (but not insurmountable in most cases).   $35-$50k part time, $75k++ full time  






