A Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN) is responsible for assisting in the delivery of patient care through the nursing process of assessment, planning, implementation and evaluation. Under the supervision of the RN(s), directs and guides patient teaching and activities that commensurate with his/her education and demonstrated competencies.  *FULL TIME - NIGHT SHIFT* at Marble Valley Regional Correctional Facility  Essential Functions:  1. Under supervision of a Registered Nurse (RN), the Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN) assists in the assessment of the physical, psychological and social dimensions of patients in the Health Care Unit and, as necessary, in the housing units. 2. Assists in planning an individual treatment program by using available resources in planning care, and consults with RNs and other staff as appropriate while applying knowledge and resources in planning care and patient teaching. 3. Implements individualized treatment programs as directed by the Health Care Practitioner. 4. Count controlled substances, syringes, needles and sharps at the beginning of each shift with another staff member and sign count logs. 5. Implements clinical and technical aspects of care in accordance with established policies, procedures and protocols. Intervenes with proper safety techniques, procedures and standard precautions.  Job Responsibilities:  1. Implements medical plan through administering medications in accordance with Health Care Practitioner’s orders and protocols: a. Administers medications according to proper techniques and procedures including IV therapy (when certified) and all other approved routes of administration. b. Uses pharmacy knowledge and available resources to include drug reaction and overdose in administration of medications. 2. Implements medical plans through obtaining diagnostic tests in accordance with Health Care Practitioner’s orders and protocols: a. Obtains body fluid specimens and performs EKG’s using proper techniques and procedures. b. Communicates information to ancillary departments using established referral process. 3. Assists the Health Care Practitioner in medical or minor surgical procedures as necessary and/or requested to meet individual needs of patients. 4. Implement nutrition and therapeutic diet plan through proper techniques and procedures as ordered by Health Care Practitioner. 5. Documents nursing encounters using the SOAP form of charting as required by policy and procedure. 6. Communicates information to nursing staff, physician, health care unit supervisory personnel and other staff as necessary. 7. Respects dignity and confidentiality of patients. 8. Attends mandatory staff meetings and training. 9. Perform other duties as assigned.  Job Qualifications:  Education: Graduation from an accredited School of Nursing Licenses/Certifications: Have and maintain current licensure as a Licensed Practical/Licensed Vocational Nurse within the state. Must be able to obtain and maintain CPR certification  EEO Employer






full-time-job licence-needed