Job Description – Cost Accountant/Senior Cost Accountant    Northwest Pipe Company is a publicly-traded manufacturing company with manufacturing locations in multiple states and Mexico.  Good people have been the foundation of our success for over four decades.  We take pride in hiring the very best in the business.  If you have a passion for hard work and team-based problem solving, we want to hear from you.  We are currently seeking a Cost Accountant at our corporate headquarters located in Vancouver, Washington.    The person in this position will have a broad range of responsibilities related to the support of one or more manufacturing locations in the United States.  The Cost Accountant will provide support to the Manufacturing Operations Manager by developing reporting and analysis of operating results in areas such as plant profitability and inventory management and by working with Operations Management to understand cost drivers and develop meaningful metrics.  In addition, the person in this position will play a key role in ensuring compliance with internal controls at the manufacturing facility by reinforcing expectations and the reasons for the controls.  The person will participate in month-end accounting activities; will play a key role in physical inventories; and will support quarterly reviews and the year-end audit by our independent accounting firm.    Requirements of the position:  • Bachelor’s degree in accounting, plus four to eight years experience including cost accounting experience.    • Experience in percentage of completion accounting preferred.  • Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.  • Experience working with SAP or other major enterprise-wide application.     • Proficiency in Microsoft Office applications.  • Good organizational skills, including an ability to multi-task and re-prioritize to meet critical deadlines and project timelines.  • Excellent written and oral communication skills and strong interpersonal skills.  • Approximately 10% travel to manufacturing facilities.    






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed