Job Description Work with manager to provide consistent leadership to ensure all sales and profitability objectives are met or exceeded. Foster a high-energy, customer service oriented team. Represent Calphalon brand with the highest integrity. Assist the manager in store operations to ensure inventory levels are maintained and visual merchandising standards are followed while driving sales. Coach and develop strong, knowledgeable associates focusing on complete customer service.  Job Responsibilities •Creates and maintains a strong selling culture, assigning and monitoring individual statistical goals (Sales Metrics), providing feedback, assistance and redirection. •Assists in developing relationships with mall management to ensure maximum promotional opportunities are realized.  •Lead the team in sales and metric performance consistently through expert knowledge and use of the internal sales process. •Develop relationships with local community to grow top line results and potential employee candidates. •Motivates and inspires team to anticipate and exceed customer’s needs. •Handles all returns, exchanges and customer service needs courteously and professionally. •Ensures team members receive appropriate product, POS, safety and compliance training. •Conducts weekly 1-on-1 coaching sessions with team members to evaluate performance, assess developmental needs and create action plans to drive improvement. •Assists the store manager in the recruiting efforts needed to insure continuous smooth store operations. •Assists the manager in the team member corrective action process, including execution of corrective action of team members. •Work with manager to ensure store compliance with visual merchandising standards. •Work with manager to ensure store layout of fixtures, merchandise and displays are neat and orderly, taking into account store safety and security measures. •Inspects merchandise to ensure it is correctly priced and displayed. •Work with manager to ensure all operational processes are adhered to including shipment/receiving, store maintenance, deliveries and inventory management. •Perform reporting and reconciliations functions outlined in operations manual. •Assist the store manager in the candidate interview process, and lead the efforts involved in the new employee on-boarding process. •Regularly walk the floor to ensure operational and visual standards are met. •Lead the process of store inventories.  Work Experience / Skills Requirements •2 years of retail store management/key holder experience preferred. •Consistent record of exceeding sales.  •Ability to effectively manage multiple projects simultaneously. •Ability to effectively motivate and influence others. •Ability to achieve results both independently and through others by fostering a spirit of teamwork and cooperation.  •Desire to learn and grow as an individual.  •Ability to work on sales floor for extended periods of time.  •Ability to work a flexible schedule including nights, weekends and holidays.  •Ability to lift and move medium to large items (up to 50 lbs.), hang merchandise, climbing, reaching, and pushing.  •Basic knowledge of Microsoft Office products.  •Positively and consistently represent a neat and professional image.  •Performs all duties and responsibilities deemed necessary by the store manager.   Education •High School Diploma or G.E.D. required, some college preferred.






2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job