International Fine Art Expositions (IFAE) is seeking an experienced, polished professional responsible for securing relationships with appropriate groups, arts associations and others to drive qualified attendance to IFAE Fairs.  DESCRIPTION:   As the  for our upcoming Florida fairs you will be responsible for generating and marketing to the attendee base for our shows by contacting groups of attendees that have been determined as the ideal market for our exhibitors and dealers.  You will be given a list of incentives, options, and tickets that can be offered to these groups of people in order to solicit them to come to our fairs. Strong organizational skills and excellent verbal and written communication skills are a must for this position.  Job-specific skills and responsibilities:  • Identify and secure partnerships that meet required quality and standards  • Experience in sales, partnerships, sponsorships, events and/or working with media companies is required • Exceptional communication and presentation skills  • Exceptional Microsoft Office skills  This challenging environment is best suited to self-motivated individuals who are high achievers and prefer to work in a dynamic, demanding organization.​  Applicants who do not already have legal permission to work in USA will not be considered.  Applications are requested to submit cover with resume indicating their rationale for application to our company.  All candidates should carefully examine our website at www.example.com prior to application.     Description  As the attendee marketing coordinator for our upcoming Florida fairs you will be responsible for generating and marketing to the attendee base for our shows by contacting groups of attendees that have been determined as the ideal market for our exhibitors and dealers.  You will be given a list of incentives, options, and tickets that can be offered to these groups of people in order to solicit them to come to our fairs. Strong organizational skills and excellent verbal and written communication skills are a must for this position.  Duties will include:  Gathering and developing group lists and contact information on various key groups that can attend all fairs. o Wealth/Financial Groups o Charity Organizations o Country Clubs o Art Organizations o Large Companies  o Elite College Alumni Lists  NOTE: These groups will vary, and you should develop a different list for each fair depending on location, market, etc….  Contacting these groups to offer them complimentary benefits  Gathering ticket orders from attendee marketing, all fair info sites, collector lines for each fair and organizing them into a spreadsheet    






