*Company Description* Entourage Consulting supports the US government. We provide comprehensive civilian staffing solutions to contract and procurement offices of US Government installations around the world. With our Headquarters in Sparks, NV and our APAC office in Tokyo, Japan we effectively help the U.S. government with contract staff augmentation and locum services of civilian professionals.  Entourage is a veteran owned fully licensed total service Provider with more than 40 years’ experience working with the US military and government.    *Description of Services* Computer Support personnel shall provide non-personal services for Information Management and Information Technology at Cannon AFB, New Mexico. The personnel shall perform services and support compatible with the medical facilities operating capacity and equipment within a fifty (50) mile radius.  *Tasks* • Maintenance and installation of workstations, printers, fax machines, communication devices, hand-held devices, scanners, CD Read Writers and other peripherals.  Determine proper configuration of systems as to software and hardware composition and setup.   • Ensure technicians have the skills and knowledge to work with the latest office automation software and network operating systems (i.e. Windows 7, Windows SharePoint, and Office Suite).   • Any desktop, peripheral or component moved, delivered or installed into service by Contractor shall be fully functional. If replacing a desktop, peripheral or component, replacement inventory must be equivalent or of better performance.  If the customer has data files, documents, or other files on the defective desktop hardware, Contractor shall ensure that such files (when not damaged) are transferred to the replacement computer. Contractor shall deliver/set-up external peripheral devices. These peripherals may or may not require set-up.  Examples include monitors, printers, glare guards, barcode readers, etc. • Monitor, troubleshoot, and resolve all operational and software problems associated with network and stand-alone and network printers. • Complete service requests associated with the desktop.  These service requests shall come in the form of a Trouble Ticket Tracking Systems trouble call and include but are not limited to, hardware upgrades, local software installs, printer, scanner, and other peripheral installs, etc.    • Enter, update and complete assignment information on all trouble calls into Trouble Ticket Tracking system for workload tracking.   • Assignment info tab must be completed when a trouble call is reassigned to another work center and when a second PC maintenance technician assists with the trouble call.   • Shall complete the \"total time to complete\" field for each trouble call. Contractor shall thoroughly document all work they perform in the appropriate designated Trouble Ticket Tracking Software.   • The closure note must clearly explain why the trouble call took longer than an hour to complete.  Contractor shall update the trouble call record after each new status.  • Assign all trouble calls in CSC Desk software requiring the replacement of parts for desktops, printers and other peripherals to Asset Management.  Acquisitions will procure the parts either through an existing warranty or open market purchase. • Answer and triage customer assistance requests per month on information technology and communications issues. Provide quick solutions for user problems at this level, if possible. This assistance can be over phone or in person at either the customer’s work center or in Medical Systems.  Otherwise, forward to the appropriate Systems work center via designated tracking system with priority determined by current operating procedures. • Replace tapes for backup/restore procedures and monitor various servers in data center.  Enter all operations problems and system downtimes into appropriate logs. • Accept, enter, modify and delete customer accounts on various computer systems.  Instruct customers on the proper way to fill out account requests and verify that all required information is on the request.  Inform customers of current Information Assurance requirements.  Process network account request within twenty-four (24) hours and file requests. Ensure all expired accounts are deleted after specified time period. • Monitor Uninterruptible Power Supply (UPS), air conditioning, door alarms in server room.  Notify appropriate personnel if problems occur. • Assist with inventory tracking and issuing of mobile devices. • Serve as first response on servers, network, phone, nurse call and IT issues. Contact necessary personnel and document any action taken in the CSC shift report.    • Assist with data collection, reconciliation, and entry into appropriate Equipment Custodian (EC) accounts in the Air Force's inventory tracking system.  Gathers data from ECs and other systems staff for account validation and entry.  Data collection, reconciliation, and data entry of requirements inventory documents, and contracts into automated databases.   Maintains the currency of all EC folders.  *Educational and Skills Requirements*  _Education and Licenses:_ • License and Certification verification. _Certifications:_ • Shall have and maintain a current Basic Life Support (BLS) certifications. • Shall be Information Assurance certified in accordance with DoD Directive 8570.1 Information Assurance Training, Certification and Workforce Management and DoD 8570.01M, Information  Assurance Workforce improvement Program, requirement for one with A+ and one with Security+ Certification _Experience:_ • Shall have three (3) years experience within the last five (5) years. Includes one year of specialized experience related to Military Treatment Facility Information Systems Help Desk operations






licence-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed