*Company Description* Entourage Consulting supports the US government. We provide comprehensive civilian staffing solutions to contract and procurement offices of US Government installations around the world. With our Headquarters in Sparks, NV and our APAC office in Tokyo, Japan we effectively help the U.S. government with contract staff augmentation and locum services of civilian professionals.  Entourage is a veteran owned fully licensed total service Provider with more than 40 years’ experience working with the US military and government.   *Description of Services* The Postal Worker should be able operate a Postal Service Center (PSC) and provide the Service for receiving, processing, distributing mail, directing mail, managing receptacles, and providing customer services. The contractor shall preserve and protect the security of the mail at all times in his/her custody from unauthorized opening, inspection, or reading contents or covers, tampering, delays, loss, or other unauthorized acts. Services shall be provided in a manner that will ensure mail is received and is dispatched in accordance with United States Postal Service.  *Tasks* • Receive Mail. Mail will be delivered to the PSC via USPS, UPS, and FedEx. Received mail must be logged using the electronic tracking system. •  Distribute mail from Monday through Friday. Annotate date of receipt on parcels. Upon return of documents receipt, dispose of documentation used to obtain receipt for Accountable containers dispatched or received via registered mail. • Receive parcel Monday through Friday from the small parcel delivery companies. Check parcels against carrier or receipt; verify parcels arc accounted for and undamaged. Sign and date register or receipt and retain copy of receipt  • Inspect Mail. Before receipting for mail from authorized personnel, the PSC shall ensure any damage articles are properly endorsed and repaired or rewrapped if needed.  • The PSC will be responsible for but not limited to the following: • Mail for Absent Without Leave (AWOL) Personnel. • Mail for Due-In-Personnel. • Voting and Balloting Mail. • Income Tax. Mail. • Perishable Mail.  *Provide Customer Service* • The contractor shall advertise operating hours, answer inquiries, resolve complaints, provide forms, and briefings. • Answer Inquiries. Answer telephonic, written, and personal inquiries concerning PSC matters. • Provided management with statistical data upon request concerning PSC operations.  *Educational and Skills Requirements* _Education and Licenses:_ • Training: To be provided by the Jacksonville USPS and any other training will be arranged   *Experience:*  *      Mail experience preferred.   • Places mail into pigeonholes of mail rack, or into bags, according to state, address, name of person, organization, or other scheme.






licence-needed