Location: North Jersey Affiliate Office, Summit, NJ    Reports To: Board of Trustees    Full-time position    Susan G. Komen for the Cure is the global leader in the fight against breast cancer, and is the trusted breast cancer resource for patients and their families. The North Jersey Affiliate (the \"Affiliate\") is part of a global network of affiliates.    For the past 15 years, the Affiliate has been working in the 9-county northern New Jersey region to provide critically-needed resources for patients affected by breast cancer and their families and friends. Since 1997, the Affiliate has given out more than $14.7 million for local screening, education and treatment programs. The Affiliate dedicates 75% of the funds raised in its service area to support the critical needs in this geographic area. The remaining 25% of net revenue supports the Komen National Research Grant Program; in that same time period the Affiliate has supported the Research Grant Fund with $6.4 million. The nine counties supported by the Affiliate are: Bergen, Essex, Hudson, Morris, Passaic, part of Somerset, Sussex, Union and Warren.    Basic Functions:    The Executive Director of the Affiliate reports to the Board of Trustees. The Executive Directoris responsible for the management of the Affiliate and the programs it supports in its service area. This includes development and implementation of an annual operating plan for the Affiliate based on the strategic plan; management and evaluation the staff; establish budgets and plans to achieve financial goals; serve as a principal representative of the Affiliate in articulating its positions and objectives to key constituencies; engage with and provide guidance to volunteers and committees, and work with the Board and staff to ensure that the Affiliate is in good financial health and operating in compliance with Komen National guidelines and policies. The Executive Director will position the Affiliate for future growth and success.    Responsibilities:    1. Organizational Management (40% weighted value of job)  • Establish, develop and effectively manage annual operating plan (annual  financial/programmatic goals and objectives for the Affiliate) based on the goals of the  Affiliate's strategic plan; report progress to the Board on a monthly basis, and more  frequently as needed.  • Develop and manage annual budget with Finance Manager and Treasurer.  • Create and maintain sound financial practices, including annual audit, in collaboration  with Finance Manager and Treasurer, to meet obligations and expectations of Komen  National.  • Oversee all Affiliate programs and initiate/participate in collaborations with key  constituencies to advance the mission and maximize resources.  • Oversee the recruitment, hiring, training and, when necessary, the discharge of staff.  • Establish administrative policies and procedures for staff.  • Administer an effective human resources program that includes position descriptions,  performance standards, performance appraisals and compensation system.  • Implement a committee structure that involves Trustees, staff and volunteers; oversee  activities to ensure alignment with annual plan.  • Oversee development of bi-annual Community Profile and execution of annual  community Grants Program.  • Develop and maintain policies and procedures to ensure compliance with Komen  National's Affiliate Agreement, and other applicable laws and regulations. Ensure  compliance with the Affiliate’s By-laws and recommend changes to the Board as  warranted.  • Ensure office facilities, systems and technology are safe and adequate for efficient  operations.  • Manage submission and maintenance of required records and reports.  • Benchmark and implement best practices to ensure staff, operations and procedures are  optimized.  2. Relationship Management (20% weighted value of job)  • Own and manage the relationship with the Susan G. Komen for the Cure's national office  in Dallas, TX.  • Interface with donors and volunteers to encourage confidence in and continued support  of the Affiliate.  • Maximize involvement of Medical Advisory Board and Community Advisory Council.  • Seek ways to collaborate with Central/South Jersey Komen Affiliate and other Affiliates in  the metro area to advance mission and increase impact in NJ.  • Meet with and establish a working relationship with executives from philanthropic and  other organizations to further the goals and objectives of the Affiliate.  3. Fundraising and Development (20% weighted value of job)  • Work with Development Director on the development and implementation of a  comprehensive fundraising and sponsorship plan, including specific financial goals and  benchmarks.  • Work with Development Director and the Board to identify potential partnerships and  fundraising opportunities.  4. Communication, Advocacy and Education (20% weighted value of job)  • Oversee development of annual outreach, education, advocacy and communications  plans that are aligned with annual operating plan priorities.  • Act as a principal spokesperson for the Affiliate.  • Raise the profile, enhance the image and heighten the awareness of the Affiliate's needs  and accomplishments through various communications vehicles.  • Develop opportunities to raise awareness of the Affiliate's work.  5. Other Duties as Assigned/Needed  Minimum Qualifications  Education:  Bachelor's degree required, advanced degree desirable.  Experience:  • Minimum 10 years of leadership and management experience.  • Demonstrated success in motivating, managing and leading a professional staff.  • Demonstrated experience in all aspects of financial management.  • Demonstrated abilities in project management and team building.  Skills, Knowledge and Abilities:  • Excellent interpersonal, presentation, verbal, and written communications skills.  • Ability to establish/manage priorities and to meet deadlines.  • Sensitivity to and ability to work with underserved and cross-cultural individuals and  communities.  • Keen ability to problem solve and think creatively.  • Experience in reporting to a Board of Trustees and building board relations is desired.  • Working knowledge of philanthropic and economic trends affecting the nonprofit  community.  • Ability and desire to keep current with breast cancer research, medical development,  breast health resources and needs.  • Ability to motivate and appropriately utilize volunteers.  • Skills in using major software programs such as Word, Excel, MS Outlook etc. as well as  an appreciation for the role of technology in the successful management of a nonprofit  organization.  • Ability to work evenings and weekends, as needed.  The above declarations are not intended to be an all-inclusive list of the duties and responsibilities of the position described,  nor are they intended to be such a listing of the skills and abilities required to do the job. Rather, they are intended only to  describe the general nature of the job.    POSITION CURRENTLY OPEN (as of July 1, 2012)    The Komen North Jersey Affiliate is actively seeking applicants for this position.  To apply please send a cover letter (including salary range expectations) &  resume to the attention of Robin Bloink Ventura, Board President, Susan G.  Komen for the Cure North Jersey Affiliate, 785 Springfield Ave., Summit, NJ 07901    Our Mission is to save lives and end breast cancer forever by empowering people, ensuring  quality care for all and energizing science to find the cures.






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job full-time-job