Manages the clinical monitoring process and the administration of assigned clinical trials within the scope of work, contracted timelines and budget. Supervises CRA’s, on-site monitoring, filing, and clinical trial administration. Oversees adherence to SOPs, Good Clinical Practice and FDA regulations.     Location: Raleigh/Durham NC preferred; East Coast; North Carolina will consider     Duties and Responsibilities:     •Provide management and direction to assigned project team  •Serve as primary contact for sponsor and vendors  •Ensure cooperative and effective communication between project team and sponsor  •Anticipate and resolve project needs  •Assist in development of protocol, CRFs and other study documentation, as needed  •Prepare project timelines and deliver project milestones  •Coordinate identification of qualified investigational sites and negotiate budgets/clinical trial agreements  •Plan and attend project team teleconferences/meetings as needed  •Ensure project team adherence to CPWW and sponsor SOPs and policies  •Attend investigator meetings and provide coordination support, as needed   •Assist in the preparation of dossier submissions as needed  •Ensure completion of all final and interim reports required by the sponsor  •Responsible for maintaining study budget and having a working knowledge of the contract.  •Coordinate development of Trial Master File  •Maintain a working knowledge of all active protocols/projects  Supervisory Responsibilities:     Directly supervises nonsupervisory employees. Carries out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization’s policies and applicable laws. Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring and training employees; planning, assigning and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding and disciplining employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems.    Job Posting Competencies:     To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies to perform the essential functions of this position.     •Analytical—the individual synthesizes complex or diverse information.   •Problem solving—the individual identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner and gathers and analyzes information skillfully.   •Oral communication—the individual speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations, demonstrates group presentation skills and conducts productive meetings.   •Delegation—the individual delegates work assignments, gives authority to work independently, and sets expectations and monitors delegated activities.   •Leadership—the individual inspires and motivates others to perform well, accepts feedback from others.  •Management skills—the individual includes staff in planning, decision-making, facilitating and process improvement; makes self available to staff; provides regular performance feedback; develops subordinates’ skills and encourages growth.   •Quality management—the individual looks for ways to improve and promote quality and demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness.   •Judgment—the individual displays willingness to make decisions, exhibits sound and accurate judgment and makes timely decisions.   •Planning/organizing—the individual prioritizes and plans work activities, uses time efficiently and develops realistic action plans.  •Safety and security—the individual observes safety and security procedures and uses equipment and materials properly.    Qualifications (Education, Experience, Skills)     •BS; MBA degree preferred  •Prefer a healthcare or life science degree; may require a BS, RN, or BSN degree or equivalent  •5 years functional area work experience commensurate responsibilities   •MUST HAVE FLU TRIAL EXPERIENCE- may accept infections disease experience based on experience  •Experience managing US and EU employees  •In depth and complete knowledge of all aspects of functional area.   •Excellent verbal and written communication skills.   •Ability to analyze and solve problems.   •Ability to prioritize and organize. 






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed