Location: Atlanta  Company Website: www.example.com  $36000 plus Quarterly Bonus potential with no cap    Pomonet's management is made of professionals that have been in the business of providing business telephony solutions for the past twenty years. As the technology evolves, there are better alternatives to purchasing and owning your telephony switch. With availability of reliable broadband and reduction in cost of voice over IP, the technology is moving towards cloud communication or hosted voice communication.     In 2011, the Pomonet management, after successfully launching hosted solutions in international markets, decided to launch their services in the North American market. Utilizing its' core engineering power and industry experience, Pomonet intends to bring suitable solutions to small and medium size businesses in USA.    Pomonet is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts with agents and resellers across the continental USA. Pomonet is actively working to expand its reach and local presence into new territories in the USA.      Job Opportunity  This is a great opportunity to join a company and an industry that are growing tremendously and propel your career to new heights. This is an opportunity to be part of the cloud/internet revolution and the next big thing in telephone systems.  We are looking for sales people with a network of small and medium size businesses clients to whom you have sold in the past.  Pomonet is a leading provider of hosted and managed VoIP telephone system solutions for small and medium size businesses.  We are in search of sales people that can bring dramatic savings to small and medium size businesses through our state of the art business solutions.  Pomonet, relies on a vibrant and capable sales force to seek and reach-out to business owners, present its value proposition and sell its services.    It is the right time to be selling Pomonet solutions as every business is exploring new  ways to save money and be more competitive in this economy.  Pomonet customers do not pay for equipment or installation fees making our solutions very affordable and attractive to prospective buyers.  In addition, your customer will receive state of art equipment and features that typically are not within the reach of small to medium size businesses.  This is a high energy position requiring and individual to be extremely motivated and results-driven with a hunter mentality.  As a member of the Pomonet sales team, you will be a self starter and posses a strong entrepreneurial spirit, self motivation, and intense enthusiasm.    General Responsibilities:  • Prospect, consult with, and close small to medium size businesses  on better alternatives to purchasing and owning their telephony switch.  • Present Pomonet as a unique alternative for businesses to utilize as a way of saving money and increasing capabilities with cloud computing and hosted voice communications.  • Identify new small-medium companies, negotiate favorable terms and acquire prospective commitment.  • Manage relationships with new clients and construct proposals and contracts within selling guidelines.  • Communicate ongoing contact and sales activities CRM.  • Meet individual monthly, quarterly and annual sales goals.      Qualifications:  • This is an individual contributor role responsible for delivering on sales quotas and growing the assigned region through aggressive prospecting, identifying, negotiating and closing of new accounts  • Strong sales background. A proven closer who can deliver sales results on plan. Experience with telephone systems/PBX/VoIP a plus.  Will also consider candidates with group insurance selling experience as well.  • Current relationships with small to medium size businesses a plus.  • Strong organizational skills and time management skills with the ability to prioritize and manage time.  • Excellent writing and presentation skills a must.  • Top-notch communication and presentation skills with the ability to sell at all decision-making levels  Required Skills/Experience:  • Minimum of 3 to 5 years of sales experience to small to medium size business is required.  • Experience canvassing and cold-calling into various types of businesses, with evidence of consistent and current success or an established book of business in the region of small to medium size businesses  • Successful track record in a high volume transaction sales environment.   • Exhibit self-motivation, flexibility and adaptability to new situations  • Possess ability to work with minimal supervision while maintaining focus and productivity to meet deadlines  • Consistent proven track record of over achievement of quota  • Telephony, IT, Cloud Communication, Hosted Voice Solution experience a plus  • Prior experience working from home / a virtual office is strongly preferred  • Proficient in MS Office and CRM systems    Compensation / Benefits:  • Competitive compensation based on salary, untapped commissions, and quarterly bonuses.  • Be a part of a company that is expected to grow exponentially in the USA.  • Successful candidates will be offered full-time employment after the completion of the six (6) month initial tryout period.  Standard employee benefits will be offered to all full-time employees.     What would be your relationship with Pomonet?  You will start as an independent contractor.  As such you will be responsible to seek, engage and sell to your potential customers within the scope of Pomonet business model.  Your sales goals will be based on the number of clients approached and closed in an identified sales cycle. Exceeding quota will result in additional quarterly bonus and additional commissions.    Please forward your resume in complete confidence.  






2-4-years-experience-needed