Developed specifically with chronically overweight and obese individuals in mind, DOWNSIZE Fitness provides a welcoming environment that eliminates the self-conscious and alienating atmosphere felt in most conventional gyms. Downsize Fitness is modeled after hit TV show, “The Biggest Loser,” yet it is structured to be more realistic, both from a financial and time perspective. Every Downsize Fitness member works with a trainer every time they come to the gym. The trainer not only takes them through their workouts, but also holds them accountable for their nutrition. Our goal is to give our members a new quality of life and we have the resources and unique trainer support to do that for everyone who walks through our door.” Through a supportive team-oriented environment and trainer-based workout plans, the goal is to get overweight individuals healthy and fit.  The Administrative Assistant is responsible for daily member and staff management with a focus on customer service and sales performance. Performance will be measured on sales to goal, lead to member conversion and providing the groundwork to build a professional relationship with all members. Administrative Assistant is responsible for ensuring their center meets the highest standards of service, operational excellence and professionalism. This position reports to the General Manager.   *Responsibilities:* • Provide front desk and phone coverage which includes answering, screening, and directing phone calls, along with greeting and announcing visitors • Maintain a clean and organized workspace •       Provide clerical and administrative support  • Arrange appointments, tours, and managing daily facility activity • Build a professional relationship with each member • Takes part in the Downsize Fitness program  *Qualifications:* • Previous sales experience • Professional appearance and demeanor • Dependability and excellent attendance • Excellent people skills, communication skills, and customer service skills • Flexible schedule and ability to work extended hours • Honesty, Integrity, and a disciplined work ethic • Computer skills and proficiency in Microsoft Office and Mac OS • Knowledge in Paramount software a plus  Main Tasks  •Management of all front office functions - Reception, Reservations, Porterage •Responsible for all guest accounts, audit functions and sales ledger.  •Analysis of financial results, monitoring of costs generally and ensuring that budgeted targets are achieved.This includes involvement in compiling the annual budget, monthly reporting of results and business forecasting.  •Responsibility for reservations systems, GDS and yield management  •Management and development of your team – to include recruitment, training and coaching, appraisal and performance management etc.  •A full role in the Duty Management of the Hotel  You Need •A solid Front Office background, gained in large 3 or 4 star hotels  •A good working knowledge of all aspects of hotel operations  •A strong business acumen and an adeptness with figures  •Mature leadership and teamwork skills  •Well developed organisation, administration and IT skills  •Loads of energy, ideas and enthusiasm  _If you are interested in this opportunity, please submit your resume and cover letter (attached in Word or PDF format) to the email provided_






supervising-job