Source: Heritage Hospice LLC POSITION DESCRIPTION:  ON CALL NURSE Looking for a weekend on call nurse.  great per diem rates or salaried position available.  If you choose the salaried position full benefits available including great health benefits with minimal contribution, 401K with matching, Dental, Vision, Short/Long term Disability and great vacation time.    DEFINITION Responsible as a member of the interdisciplinary team to the nurse team coordinators for the provision of skilled nursing assessment and hospice care in order to maximize the comfort and health patients and families consistent with Hospice of Marin policies and procedures. RESPONSIBILITIES Responsible for providing skilled nursing, intervention, and supportive care in patients’ homes for weekend and holiday on-call duty in accordance with the Hospice Interdisciplinary plan of care for each patient. QUALIFICATIONS Possession of current license as a registered professional nurse in the state of PA.  Minimum two years of recent varied work experience as a professional nurse and preferably one of the two years in an acute, oncology, home health, and/or hospice setting.  Demonstrated ability to assess and respond to the needs of patients and families in varied settings.  Demonstrated skill in nursing practice, ability to cope with family emotional stress and tolerance of individual lifestyles.  Availability to work evenings, nights, weekends, and holidays.  FUNCTIONS Assume responsibility for evening, weekend and holiday on-call duty as scheduled and consistent with Heritage Hospice LLC policies and procedures.  Assume primary responsibility for  total care census including assessing, planning, implementing and evaluating phases of the nursing process.  Initiate communication with attending physicians and other community resources to report changes and coordinate optimal care and use of resources for the patient/family.  Obtain data on physical, psychological, social and spiritual factors that may influence patient/family health status and incorporate that data into the plan of care as indicated.  Maintain up-to-date patient records so that problems, plans, actions and goals are accurately and clearly stated and changes are reflected as they occur.  Monitor physical care of the patient by instructing primary caregivers, volunteers, and employed caregivers.  Respond to medical or emotional crisis and/or death of patient and make home visit to provide direct care as appropriate.  Provide appropriate counsel at time of death.  Demonstrate familiarity with policies of the agency and rules and regulations of community , state and federal bodies which relate to the delivery of home health/hospice services.  






licence-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed