Extrabux is profitable and growing exponentially (2500% in the past two years) and we're looking for great people to join our team. Extrabux is an online shopping engine that makes it easy for consumers to get lower prices online. With the massive amount of data we process every day, we are looking for a ROCKSTAR Java Software Engineer to join our team and help improve our back-end technology. The ideal candidate has natural ability, the desire to be challenged by BIG data and has spent years of effort consciously developing the right skills. If you are a ninja with Java and take pride in producing quality, efficient code, you will thrive at Extrabux.    *THE JOB* -- Full-time Java Software Engineer    *FUN, HIGH-GROWTH STARTUP* -- Extrabux experienced 2,500% growth over the past 2 years and Extrabux shoppers have earned over $1,500,000 cash back, a third of which came in the last three months. If you like this kind of excitement and growth, keep reading, but if you prefer the 9-5 suit and tie environment, you probably won't fit in with our jeans and t-shirt culture. We're fun, social, laid back, hardworking, healthy and according to San Diego Venture Group, one of \"San Diego's 25 Coolest Companies.\"    *COOL TECHNOLOGY* -- Every day Extrabux ingests over 100,000,000 products (~70gb) from over 2,000 of the largest online retailers to build its unique comparison shopping engine. Our engine is the first to integrate discounts from coupons and cash back to find consumers lower prices than any other shopping engine. We work with big technologies like Hadoop and Solr in the cloud on 50+ servers and leverage the LAMP stack to build Extrabux.com and our API. Our unique technology was showcased during the keynote presentation at the Hadoop Summit by Amazon Web Services.    *THE TEAM* -- We're located in Pacific beach (1.3 miles from the beach) and currently have 9 employees and are hiring fast. We're passionate about building innovative technology, working with great people, helping shoppers save lots of money, and having fun every step of the way. Extrabux has been featured on Good Morning America, ABC, NBC, FOX, CBS, The Wall Street Journal, SmartMoney, MoneyWatch, TIME Moneyland, Mashable, CNN Money, Lifehacker, and the two founders were recently honored at the White House as two of the top 100 entrepreneurs under 30.<br>    *SKILLS* :  - 5+ years experience with Java  - Experience with Hadoop or large scale computing  - Interest in manipulating large amounts of data  - Experience with PHP is a plus  - Experience with NoSQL is a plus  - Experience with web services is a plus  - Experience with Solr or Lucene is a plus     *RESPONSIBILITIES* :   - Optimizing product search engine  - Improving data-flow process: adding facets, improving matching and coupon tagging algorithms, categorization, real-time updates  - Designing massive NoSQL DB to support robust personalization project  - Web services  - Performance tuning  - . . .Plus any awesome ideas you come up with    *PAY* -- $100-135k (compensation will depend on skill level and work experience)    *STOCK* -- Generous    If you'd like to learn more about us, check us out Extrabux.com.    If you are interested in joining our team, please send your resume to jobs (at) extrabux (dot) com.  






salary full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed licence-needed