Personal Home Health Care is a Joint Commission accredited home health agency located in Independence Ohio, Ashtabula Ohio and Scranton Pennsylvania.   In this position you will be asked to undertake all aspects of financial management, including corporate accounting, regulatory and financial reporting, budget and forecast preparation, as well as development of internal control policies and procedures. You will be required to provide direct support to the owner and ensure that all decisions being made going forward will keep the company financially sound.  The day to day duties of the Financial Controller job will include:  * Monthly Financial Statements: Booking revenue from Allscripts in Quickbooks, perform month end closing, and provide financial reports to management.  * Accounts Receivable: Tracking A/R aging on a bi-weekly basis and working with the billing team to meet A/R and collection goals.  * Cash Management: Tracks all incoming and outgoing cash.  * Accounts Payable: Verify invoices for accuracy, enters invoices, accrue invoices to correct accounting period, select and present payables to management for payment, cut checks, set and monitor vendor thresholds.  * Payroll: Enter payroll data and checking for accuracy, provide management with pre-payroll reports for approval, accrue monthly payroll and submit for payroll processing.  * General Ledger: Ensure all accounts are balanced and up to date. Perform monthly bank reconciliations.  * Reporting: Provide management with scheduled monthly reports and additional information as requested. Collect data and support audits.  Provide financial analysis as requested by management.  * Budgets: Work with management to create and enter annual budgets in accounting system.  Monitor budget thresholds and report variances to management.   You must have the following credentials and skill set in order to be considered for the position:  * CPA is a preferred  * Accounting Degree, with a minimum of 5 years of hands on, full cycle accounting experience  * Ability to work effectively under pressure  * Strong communication and organizational skills  * Home Care/Medical Field Knowledge a plus  * Solid EXCEL skills (Intermediate to Advanced)  * Allscripts and Quickbooks experience a plus  * Familiarity with ADP   If you are interested in obtaining a position with a rapidly growing organization than I highly encourage you to apply to the Financial Controller position in Independence Ohio.   Thank you and we look forward to hearing from you.






licence-needed 1-year-experience-needed