Per Diem Medical Social Worker  Heritage Hospice - Indiana, PA     Searching for a per diem social worker for a fast growing hospice! If interested in this position please email your resume with references. 1 year of experience in the healthcare field preferably  hospice care  is mandatory.Competitive per diem rates along with mileage reimbursement per mile. Position would eventually lead to full-time employment if desired.   Responsible for the delivery of varied social work services to Hospice patients and their families. The purpose of this position is to provide initial psychosocial evaluations, ongoing psychosocial counseling, direct casework services, bereavement services, and community education, outreach and referral. The Hospice social worker is an integral part of the Hospice IDT.   QUALIFICATIONS  A Masters degree in Social Work from an accredited educational institution. A demonstrated ability in casework, counseling and group work, including three (2) year of clinical work experience, preferably in either a healthcare setting or hospice. Pennsylvania Social Worker licensure is required. Valid driver’s license, car insurance and car required.  RESPONSIBILITIES AND FUNCTIONS  1. Maintains the standards of Social Work excellence in accordance with the principles set forth by the Pennsylvania State Health Department, NASW, JCAHO, NHO, and agency policies and procedures.   2. Performs comprehensive initial psychosocial and bereavement evaluations and assists in the development and implementation of goal-directed family care plan.   3. Conducts ongoing reassessments of patient/family needs and counseling as required.   4. Provides short term crisis intervention and individual or family counseling when indicated.   5. Participates as a member of the Bereavement Team as assigned.   6. Observes, evaluates, and brings to team conferences information regarding psychosocial, spiritual, physical, and financial conditions affecting the patient and family.   7. Assumes the active role of advocate for the patient/family unit.   8. Develops and maintains contact with appropriate community agencies and services in order to promote interagency cooperation and to facilitate related referrals.   9. Documents comprehensive psychosocial information clearly and concisely in a timely manner.   10. Initial contact information recorded within 24 hours.   11. All patient/family visits, telephone contacts and referral actions are recorded in the Medical Record within a period of 24 hours.   12. Participates in Social Services department programs as assigned by departmental director (i.e. Art Therapy, Crisis Intervention/School Programs, Bereavement Groups, Volunteer Training and additional new programs).   13. Participates in committees, task forces and agency events as required.   14. Attends staff meetings, IDG Team and other meetings as assigned and appropriate.   Contacts: Patients, families, volunteers, staff members, hospital/facility personnel, the general public and household pets.  Physical Demands: Physical exertion—walking, lifting, pulling, driving, step climbing, flex hours and travel.  Environmental Conditions: Exposed to infections, communicable diseases, odors, blood, excreta and hazardous materials.  Working Conditions: Periods of stress—variable workloads and deadlines. Light office work. Some evening work will be required. Exposed to terminally ill patients and their families.






2-4-years-experience-needed ms-or-phd-needed