Position responsibilities include: Utilize a combination of engineering design and Project Management skills to plan, conduct, coordinate and deliver mechanical engineering work. Responsible for project schedules, design budgets, quality control, adherence to client scope and criteria and coordination with all design team members. May work independently or as part of a team of architects, engineers, designers and production staff on projects. Provide and / or direct energy modeling working for Washington State Energy Life Cycle Cost Studies, LEED certification documentation. Will be required to provide engineering support to Owner/Contractor during system analysis, project construction, and close out.  Position requires experience in industrial plant environments with field experience in power and thermal generation, industrial manufacturing, process and infrastructure systems. Experience in thermal load analysis, bio mass systems and general engineering studies a plus. Familiarity with design/bid/build and design/build projects is beneficial. Responsibilities include providing systems studies and engineering for mechanical design solutions for both infrastructure and building systems projects; planning, conducting, or coordinating mechanical engineering work; leading the design and ongoing progress of a project, including coordinating with other disciplines and owners.  Position requires a self-starter with good work ethics, good verbal and written communication skills, proficient at field investigation, assessment of existing systems, the ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously, proactive work approach, a sense of urgency about delivering projects on time/budget, and the ability to work with minimal supervision is required. Proficient with Microsoft software; experience with Bently AutoPipe stress analysis and AutoCAD desirable. Individuals shall be interested in long term involvement with opportunities for advancement and contribution to the success of the firm.  Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering (BSME), 10 - 15 Years' Experience, and Professional Engineer (PE). LEED AP beneficial.






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed