GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF POSITION:  Responsible for the design of new electric motors and the technical support of mature products.    ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:   • Designs single- and three-phase AC induction motors and permanent magnet motors.  • Provides technical support for existing products to other functional areas.  • Manages improvement projects for existing products.  • Validates design via testing.  • Develops concepts and designs new components, sub-assemblies, or products and systems.  • Provides qualifications for new/alternate vendors, components, and tooling.  • Defines critical-to-quality dimensions and features of components and products.  • Performs product risk analysis.  • Evaluates products that are returned from the field due to performance or quality issues. .  • Participates in cross-functional and cross-cultural team environment/projects.  • Acts as a technical resource and a mentor for less-experienced engineers.  • Performs other related duties as required or assigned.    SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES:  • None.    POSITION QUALIFICATIONS:  Skills and Abilities:  • Knows arithmetic, algebra, geometry, calculus, statistics, and their applications.  • High level knowledge of and ability to predict physical principles, laws, their interrelationships, and their applications to understand fluid, material, and atmospheric dynamics; understands mechanical and electrical structures and processes.   • Manages large and complex development project work. Demonstrates a track record of successful projects.  • Analyzes information and evaluates results to choose the best solution and solve problems.  • Identifies the underlying principles, reasons, facts, or information by breaking down information or data into separate parts.  • Works with complex analytical tools such as finite element analysis, computational fluid dynamics analysis, parametric modeling, electric motor design and analysis, and complex mathematical analysis programs.  • Effectively communicates information and responds to questions in person-to-person and small group situations with customers, clients, the general public, and other employees of the organization.   • Maintains confidentiality and uses discretion with business information.  • Reads and understands documents such as policy manuals, safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals.  • Writes routine reports and correspondence.  • Utilizes common-sense understanding in order to carry out written, oral, or diagrammed instructions.  • Deals with problems involving several known variables in situations of routine nature.  • Plans the time, method, manner, and/or performance sequence of own work; may also occasionally assist in planning work assignments performed by others within a limited area of operation.  • Frequently makes decisions of both minor and major importance, which may affect the work operations of other employees and/or clientele to a moderate degree.  • Works independently with minimal management oversight.  • Completes some moderately repetitive tasks.  • Uses lab equipment associated with the respective engineering science.  • Travels a minimal amount.    Education and Experience:  • Bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering  (required).  • Eight to ten years of related experience (required).  • Master’s degree in a relevant field could substitute for years of experience.    Computer Skills:  • Advanced: CAD software, complex analysis, project management, spreadsheet, motor design software (ANSYS RMxprt or equivalent).  • Basic: Word processing/typing, presentation/PowerPoint.    Certificates and Licenses:  • None.






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed