Contech Engineered Solutions LLC is seeking a Customer Solutions Coordinator to support our West Chester, Ohio team. Contech provides site solutions for the civil engineering industry. Contech’s portfolio includes bridges, drainage, erosion control, retaining wall, sanitary, stormwater and wastewater treatment products.  The Customer Solutions Coordinator is responsible for providing a high level of service to surpass internal and external customer expectations while working in a comprehensive team selling environment. Answers customer inbound calls to provide information, service and/or process orders.   The  CSC is the central resource for customer support and manages all aspects of the order flow process including new account set up; pricing and quoting; collection of credit information; order write-up and associated follow-up; as well as assisting in aging resolution. Some cross and up-selling will occur as well as warm outbound sales calls to select customers. Serves as primary point of contact for all products and divisions with the ability to handle many customer requirements independent of the outside sales team.   Primary Responsibilities:   Primary point of contact for customers and serves as the regionalized resource for information and problem-solving for customers as well as corporate, operations and field personnel.   Supports assigned customer base by taking ownership of customer requirements including all related activities to support the customer. More specifically, will provide collateral and submittal information as required; assists with price and bid quotations; facilitates orders through the system by insuring all paperwork is provided to support corporate policies; assists with problem-resolution and receivables.  Adds value to the customer while operating in a comprehensive team selling environment by soliciting the sale of new or additional products.   Supports specific accounts that do not require SE involvement.  Possesses thorough knowledge of all products, processes and policies to support and exceed customer requirements.  Develops thorough understanding of customer base, market and individual customer needs.  Responds independent of the SE to customer inquiries including those that are more unusual or complex.   Effectively utilizes technology and process to drive efficiency.  Supports the region with pricing and order facilitation where some technical and mathematical skills are needed.   Familiar with the manufacturing process and equipment capabilities for core pipe products.   Follow-up with customers on quotations to help obtain orders, discuss objections that may prevent the placement of orders, and offer alternate materials if needed.   Resolves inquiries on errors relating to invoicing, pricing or incorrect shipments.   Other duties as assigned.   Basic Qualifications:   Associate Degree in Business and two to three years’ experience in a similar business environment preferred.   Ability to communicate effectively with internal and external customers at all levels of the organization.  Effective verbal communication, clear, concise writing skills and the ability to list and interpret customers’ requests via telephone are essential. Previous experience in an Inside Sales position a plus.  Must possess the ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure (whole numbers, common fractions and decimals) including working with ratios and percents.   Ability to apply common-sense comprehension to instructions furnished in written, oral or diagram [shop drawings] form. Capable of dealing with problems involving several variables in standardized situations.  Must process high level of technical aptitude to provide accurate material and specification requirements for product line.  Ability to handle multiple tasks and situations requiring urgent attention is critical.   Requires ability to read and comprehend documents including customer orders, price lists, training and procedural manuals.  Must have solid computer skills in Microsoft Office including Outlook.   Previous CRM experience a plus.   Local Candidates Only Please   Contech is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer 






supervising-job associate-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed