Company Description AM Technologies, Inc. (AMT) is a privately held company located in Watertown, MA. AMT is a leading provider of speech recognition products and services for the healthcare industry. The company's core product is the WHY TYPE® Medical Solution (WTMS). The local medical, legal, executive community and individuals with disabilities use this technology combined with our training services, customization and support to produce their documentation in a quick, yet extensive, manner.   Job Description Our company has a very exciting entry level position available for a Product Trainer/Account Manager. This position will report directly to the Training Manager. The incoming Product Trainer/Account Manager will receive training and support from expert staff in our office. Travel is required to client sites via car, including: MA, RI, CT, and NH locations. This is a full-time position with a salary range of $36,000 - $42,000 per year and competitive benefits, which include, but are not limited to: medical health insurance, profit sharing, business travel reimbursement, vacation/holiday/personal time, and an aggressive retirement plan.  Duties and Responsibilities We are in search of a professional who will be responsible for the following: • Conduct on-site installation, presentation, one-on-one training of software • Maintain customer satisfaction through effective account management • Provide technical support to customers via telephone, e-mail, fax, and remote access • Customization of various macros, forms, templates to increase customer's efficiency • Perform administrative duties as required by the organization • Transportation of computers and assorted equipment   Qualifications • Intermediate familiarity with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Access)  • Knowledge of Visual Basic is a plus • Possess interpersonal skills and present oneself in a professional manner • Excellent communication skills (written and verbal) • Effectively work independently as well as in team environment • Ability to successfully adapt to changes in priorities • Bachelor's degree preferred or relevant work experience   ***If interested, please e-mail us a cover letter along with your resume. Please no phone calls.*** 






salary supervising-job bs-degree-needed full-time-job