URGENT - immediate need for Commercial Bank Underwriter    **Please note this is NOT a Mortgage Underwriting position.**  This is a Commercial Banking Underwriter position.    Responsible for underwriting business loans (up to total borrower exposure of $2.5MM) within the Wholesale Lending Services division; supports commercial and wealth & investment management lines of business. Reviews credit information to determine quality and sufficiency; makes recommendation for approval or decline. Depending on the size of the credit request, may work with senior credit approval officers. May underwrite loan requests that do not fit into defined risk pools. May act as coach and mentor to others. Incumbent would typically handle complex loans and/or loans of an exceptional basis requiring traditional underwriting. Recommends approval/declines on credits up to and including $1MM. Structures credit and recommends loan terms to credit approval officers. Prepares analysis and preliminary terms for credit approval officer review and approval for deals which involve high levels of unique or complex financial arrangements. Loans over $1MM requires working closely with credit approval officers. Provides higher credit authority review for less experienced underwriters.    Qualifications  Basic Qualifications: 3 years experience with commercial credit analysis AND commercial underwriting required.    Preferred Qualifications: 5+ years of solid Commercial Underwriting experience in a financial institution/production atmosphere highly preferred.  Bachelors degree also preferred.    Experience we are looking for in reviewing resumes:  •       Lending Authority- What limits  •       Ability to analyze Cash flow for Debt services  •       Review of financial statements  •       Knowledge of Key financial ratios, such as AR days on hand, Debt to Worth  •       Experience Underwriting Commercial loan products – Lines of Credit, Term Loans, Commercial Mortgages  •       Ability to analyze loss in the event of default – Collateral validation  •       Any experience Underwriting Not for Profits  •       Any financial software experience – Moody’s Risk Analyst  






supervising-job bs-degree-needed