As a Senior Developer at Trifecta, you will lead small teams of developers, creating a variety of solutions for our clients including custom traditional and mobile web applications, native mobile applications, and web applications for the cloud – in our Allentown, PA offices.  General Responsibilities: •Designing, developing and implementing simple to advanced custom technical solutions to support client business requirements.  Identifying system deficiencies easily and implementing solutions. •Creating design documentation, designing and creating prototypes, coding and testing. •Leading small project teams, providing technical support and feedback to the team, enforcing deadlines.  Required Skills and Experience * Bachelor's Degree (or equivalent experience) and 5 years of relevant work experience * Strong leadership skills * Good written and verbal communication skills * Thorough understanding of web development including HTML5, CSS3, jQuery, and mobile jQuery * Thorough understanding of server-side Java development, the Spring Framework, OOP patterns and prototypical inheritance * Thorough understanding of relational databases including MySQL  Preferred Skills and Experience * iOS or Android native development * SCM experience (Git experience a plus - show us your GitHub account for bonus points!) * TDD/BDD and Agile/Scrum * Cross browser development with IE 6+ including graceful degradation, progressive enhancement and debugging * Responsive design concepts  Helpful Experience • Understanding of client-side performance tuning, jQuery plugin development, Backbone.js, JavaScript unit testing, or PhoneGap • RESTful services and APIs in Java using Spring or Apache CXF, REST development in PHP, or Node.js experience • Photoshop/Illustrator experience in converting designs to code • Wireframing, sketching, whiteboarding, and other screen/UI design abilities • Cloud-based deployment experience with EC2, Heroku, or Force.com  *We need public speakers and/or teachers!  Tell us how you've taught, mentored, blogged, or spoken.*  _Trifecta does not offer H1B sponsorships_  Trifecta Technologies develops high-value web-based business solutions using the latest custom web, ecommerce, native mobile, mobile web and cloud technologies.  Leading large and mid-market brands chooses us based on the strength of our track record, the value of our solutions and the skills of our people.    Headquartered in Allentown, PA, the company has two practices:  Web Application Practice (custom web apps, native mobile apps, mobile web apps and cloud-based apps) and eCommerce Practice (focused on IBM WebSphere Commerce middleware).  We are a small business with 50 employees in Allentown, 15 in Toronto, and 6 in Visag, India. 






supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed