Fieldstone Architecture and Engineering is an innovative practice built on the strength of our people and personal relationships with our clients. Recognized for our excellence in planning, design and execution, we provide a wide range of services for an even wider range of domestic and international markets, including, residential, commercial, industrial, mixed-use, government, and manufacturing.    We are seeking a talented Structural Engineer in our Tampa, Florida office that has the ability to impact our growing workload immediately as well as market and expand the reach of our operations.     *Qualifications:*   -Bachelor of Science Degree in Civil/Structural Engineering from an accredited college or university. A Master’s degree is preferred.    -10+ years of experience in structural engineering & design with exposure to project engineering leadership and business development experience.    -Computer Software Capable (for example: Revit, AutoCAD, Bentley/RAM, MS Office)     -Design Experience in timber construction, masonry construction, cast in place concrete construction, tilt up concrete construction, steel construction.    -Knowledgeable in latest editions of the International Building Code, AISC Steel Construction Manual, National Design Specification for Wood Construction, ASCE Standard 7, and ACI 318: Building Code Requirements for Structural Concrete.    -Licensed PE in the State of Florida or ability to be licensed in state and many others upon hiring.  A PE in Structural Engineering is highly preferred.    -Ability and willingness to travel internationally for client meetings, site visits, etc.    *Professional Skills:*   -Prioritize effectively   -Think independently   -Communicate clearly, verbally and in writing   -Think and work analytically   -Cooperate and work well with others   -Foster strong, lasting relationships   -Embrace and thrive on challenge   -Show flexibility and adaptation to new situations     *Personal Characteristics:*   -Integrity   -Professionalism   -Dynamic Personality  






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed