PRIMARY DUTIES • This individual will be responsible for managing multiple on-going projects and will assist with the development of new initiatives, program supplements, and products related to our online training programs, including the launch, delivery, management, and support of such products. • Serve as a resource to multiple departments including Operations, Sales/Marketing, and Student Support.   • Serve as a resource for the development of new IT and/or Healthcare Certification Programs.  Must be able to support a variety of products, with a specific skill-set related to Information Technology and/or Healthcare education. • The development and tracking of program requirements, materials, and supporting objects for each of our product offerings.  • The development and tracking of Courseware availability and pricing information for each of our product offerings.  This will be provided to the Shipping/Receiving department for ordering, stock rotation and availability tracking. • Specify market requirements for current and future products by performing market research supported by consulting with management on regular basis. • New course offerings are identified and researched based on recommendation from management and through employee’s own investigative efforts. • New course preparation requirements are identified.  This individual will manage the internal preparation procedures to ensure all requirements are being addressed to properly implement the new product. • Working with the Sales/Marketing & Student Services departments to develop sales support, outlines, sales training and other supplemental materials. • Develops relationships with current vendors and partner agencies (ie. Certification bodies, affiliate associations, partner companies, inventory providers, etc.) • Continually looks for software/SaaS improvements, while continually improving existing programs and platforms.  Ideal candidate will have experience or ability relating to the integration of multiple systems in order to create a single functioning solution. • Maintain and enhance online support Knowledgebase for registered students. • Additional Responsibilities may be added as deemed necessary by management. REQUIRED JOB SKILLS • A college degree with a minimum of two years Project or Product management work experience preferred. • Proven analytical, evaluative and problem-solving abilities • Strong Computer Skills • Must have the highest degree of organizational skills and the ability to handle multiple tasks. • Excellent verbal and written communication skills. • Eager to take charge and manage multiple projects from inception to launch. • Experience working with Teams PREFERRED JOB SKILLS • Experience with web database software applications a plus • Experience with multimedia development (audio, video, interactives), and SCORM • Experience with Project Management software (CAPM or PMP Certification a plus) • Skills with MySQL, CSS, HTML  






2-4-years-experience-needed associate-needed