National Sales Director/Destination Management/Hotel AlliedPRA – San Diego    AlliedPRA Destination Management is a full-service DMC working with clients for over 31 years nationally. Our employees are innovative, caring, ethical, creative and dedicated professionals. We are looking for a National Sales Manager to join our Los Angeles team. This position is responsible for achieving the Performance Team Sales and Gross Profit Objectives by selling AlliedPRA's outstanding service to corporate and association clients. The National Sales Manager is responsible for developing a client base, managing Performance Teams of Account and Operations Managers and designing events.  Major Areas of Responsibility: - Develop, manage and sell to a client base through leads from assigned markets, hoteliers, cold calls, referrals, etc. - Oversee team of Account Managers to ensure completion of program development and other team projects. - Ensure that all proposals and other sales correspondence is correct, proofed, and meets clients' needs and budgets. - Finalize and \"close\" program contracts with clients, arranging for deposits and signed program services agreements. - Qualify leads and develop program ideas for leads.  Qualifications: - Proven ability to meet sales goals consistently through lead development, cold calling and client development - At least 5 or more years experience in sales in destination management, incentive travel, event management or related field  - Excellent sales and client service skills, and leadership skills - Must know activities and event venues in Los Angeles and live in the nearby area. No relocation - Must have knowledge of program design and development, from inception through contract - Strong organizational abilities  - A college degree in Business Management, Marketing or related degree is helpful or additional 5 years work experience in DMC or related industry may substitute for college degree  Offering: - a fast paced, entrepreneurial work environment - medical, dental & vision insurance, 401k - paid vacation & sick leave - competitive compensation package including incentives






5-plus-years-experience-needed associate-needed