First impressions are everything! Your engaging smile and personality are the essence of a great Guest Services Agent with Starwood Hotels & Resorts. As you personally greet our Guests and assist them throughout the day, you will be empowered to deliver on our mission of \"Turning moments into memories for our guests\".   Hotel Overview:  Built in 1927, the Sheraton Commander Hotel has long been a landmark in Cambridge’s Historic Harvard Square. On the historic Cambridge Common, you will find unparalleled style and service near the site where George Washington took command of the Continental Army. Our Mount Vernon-inspired entrance is a stately reminder of the area’s rich culture and history, and our rooms are the perfect vantage point from which to experience the sights and sounds of Cambridge. Located on the north side of the Charles River, we are surrounded by Harvard University and just minutes from Lesley, Tufts, and MIT, as well as great shopping and dining.  Summary of Responsibilities:  Reporting to the Front Office Manager, responsibilities and essential job functions include but are not limited to the following:  • Register and check out guests, which include securing payment.  • Maintain accurate records of daily transactions.  • Handle guest requests effectively and promptly.  • Provide information on hotel and resort services.  • Cash handling, which includes currency exchange and balancing a float.  • Become familiar with group resumes ensuring all details of incoming and outgoing groups are observed.  • Serve as a sales agent promoting and up-selling hotel services.  • Promote a professional team environment.  • Monitor rooms’ inventory to assist in maximizing rooms’ revenue.  • Maintain an excellent working rapport with all departments in the hotel.  • Coverage of morning, mid and evening shifts and duties as assigned.  • Actively participate in the Starwood Preferred Guest’s program and department specific initiatives in working towards sustainable operations.  • To be Health & Safety conscious and actively involved in maintaining a safe work environment.  • Comply with Starwood Hotels & Resorts policies, procedures and code of ethics.  • Perform any and all other tasks which are assigned by management.  • Uphold the highest standard of internal and external customer service at all times.   Qualifications:  • Previous Front Desk experience is necessary. • Proficient in the English language (verbal & written), second language is a plus. • Must be able to handle a multitude of tasks in an intense, ever-changing environment. • Ability to focus attention on guest needs, remaining calm and courteous at all times. • Previous customer related experience an asset. • Previous PMS experience an asset.  • Computer literate in Microsoft Window applications an asset. • Must be able to type 25 words per minute. • Must possess a professional presentation. • Strong interpersonal and problem solving abilities. • Highly responsible & reliable. • Ability to work well under pressure in a fast paced environment. • Ability to work cohesively with fellow colleagues as part of a team. • Hospitality Diploma is an asset. • Must be flexible in terms of working hours. • Must have the ability to handle cash effectively and accurately.      Physical Aspects of Position:   Physical aspects of the position include but are not limited to the following:  • Frequent standing and walking throughout shift. • Occasional kneeling, pushing, pulling, lifting. • Occasional ascending or descending ladders, stairs and ramps.    Visa Requirements:  Must be legally eligible to work in the USA. The hotel is unable to assist candidates in obtaining USA work authorization.  About Starwood Hotels & Resorts: Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc. is one of the leading hotel and leisure companies in the world with 1,146 properties in nearly 100 countries and 171,000 employees at its owned and managed properties. Starwood is a fully integrated owner, operator and franchisor of hotels, resorts and residences with the following internationally renowned brands: St. Regis®, The Luxury Collection®, W®, Westin®, Le Méridien®, Sheraton®, Four Points® by Sheraton, Aloft®, and Element®. The Company boasts one of the industry’s leading loyalty programs, Starwood Preferred Guest (SPG), allowing members to earn and redeem points for room stays, room upgrades and flights, with no blackout dates. Starwood also owns Starwood Vacation Ownership, Inc., a premier provider of world-class vacation experiences through villa-style resorts and privileged access to Starwood brands.  Job Level: Colleague Schedule: Full-time Shift:   Rotating / Shift Work Travel:  No Closing Date:  Ongoing






full-time-job licence-needed