*Job Overview:*  The Purchase Review Auditor reviews, analyzes and evaluates documentation received from Correspondent customers for purchase and ensures document accuracy, compliance and credit quality of residential mortgage loans (conventional conforming, conventional high balance, FHA, VA and Jumbo).     *Job Responsibilities:*    *Purchase Review Audit*   -Follows defined policies and procedures to cost-effectively assess the saleability and serviceability of the loan files using pre-determined Audit Checklists.   -Works with Set Up, Pend Processing and Funding department to ensure proper flow of loan files and adherence to defined policies and procedures.    *Internal Liaison*  -Interacts with Corporate Underwriting and Property Valuation teams to ensure timely flow of loan files and adherence to policies and procedures.    *Seller Liaison*  -Continually provides outstanding customer service.    *Compliance Management*  -Interacts with PennyMac’s compliance vendor on individual loans.    *Secondary Marketing Liaison*  -Interacts with PennyMac’s Secondary Marketing department to keep abreast with PennyMac’s and secondary marketing investors’ (FNMA, Freddie Mac, FHA, VA and private label) credit policies.  -Ensures that all loans are purchased in accordance with PennyMac’s and secondary marketing investors’ credit policies.    *Other*  -Complete special assignments necessary to support business strategy.  -Demonstrate behaviors which are aligned with the organization’s desired culture and values.    *Education, Skills and Abilities:*      *Technical*    Bachelor’s degree or higher in Business Administration, Finance or related field preferred    Minimum of 3 years of mortgage experience    Contemporary knowledge of mortgage industry and operational practices    Functional understanding of applicable Federal, state and local lending regulations.    Direct industry experience may be substituted for minimum education requirements      *General*    Demonstrates expertise in a variety of the field's concepts, practices & procedures.    Relies on experience & judgment to plan and accomplish goals.    Knowledge of basic computer software programs, including Internet, Windows and Microsoft Office Suite.      *Specific*    Communication – Excellent communication skills with the ability to interact with all levels of external clients and internal leadership and think in a strategic manner.  Speaks and writes clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations, demonstrates group presentation skills and conducts meetings.    Interpersonal Effectiveness – Maintains a positive attitude and provides exemplary internal and external customer service.    Judgment - Displays willingness to make decisions, exhibits sound and accurate judgment and makes timely decisions.    Planning/Organizing - Prioritizes and plans work activities, uses time efficiently and develops realistic action plans.    Problem Solving - Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner and gathers and analyzes information skillfully.    Quality Management - Looks for ways to improve and promote quality and demonstrates accuracy and thoroughness     Task Management/Execution - Demonstrates ability to advance multiple priority assignments independently, concurrently and within established deadlines.  






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed