Interfacing directly with clients in face-to-face meetings, the Sales Executive creates business solutions for clients by gathering relevant information needed to thoroughly understand their business requirements and goals. The successful candidate will be a highly qualified individual who understands the importance of trust as the key factor in client relationships - a trust that is earned when the client feels their technical and non-technical requirements are understood by the Sales Executive.  Responsibilities:  • Ability to analyze and understand e-commerce and related business requirements • Understand B2C and B2B e-commerce business practices, best practices and trends • Break down and formalize prospect's business requirements and work flow processes into proposals, functional specs and development plans • Present solutions to prospects, team members and management • Maintain regular check ins with prospects and team to learn about long and short term technology needs and opportunities  Requirements:  • Passion for e-commerce and web technology solutions. • Superb internal and customer communication skills, in spoken and written English • Experience in an e-commerce or related environment • Have the ability to work independently as well as within a goal oriented team • Ability to work in an unstructured environment.  About Us Hara Partners (www.example.com) provides innovative e-commerce business solutions based on Magento. We partner with you to allow you streamline and grow your business. We bring our in-depth expertise to your team and add the skills and know-how you need. From concept to execution our single purpose is to deliver powerful solutions so that your company prospers.  We know every aspect of e-commerce. Our knowledge ranges from helping grow international multi-nationals to starting businesses from the ground up and building complete e-commerce solutions tailored to your business realities. We define and grow your brand to aid you capture new markets and engage your audience. We provide the information and software architecture and complete the picture with powerful photography.  We have built more than 100 online stores and e-commerce solutions. Our process starts with a deep dive into your business and understanding what your unique requirements are. From there we will develop a growth strategy with you and create your brand look and feel. Our experts will translate your needs into the perfect solution.  Our solutions range from online stores, to brand web sites, complex database and web applications. We adhere to industry best practices and open standards to minimize maintenance cost and enable future changes. 






