JOB SUMMARY: Facilitate the definition, idea generation and delivery of marketing products that link to marketing strategies and integrate digital approaches and creative design. Essentially, ensure the integrated elements of marketing initiatives come together on time and meet stakeholder expectations for data integrity and product quality.  ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Manages the flow of all projects to meet the objectives within the established timeline.  Develop product specs, manage the project plan and work with project teams to execute on plans.  Manage schedules, project scope, assets, and overall project organization to ensure requirements and project delivery dates are clearly communicated, understood and executed upon.  Effectively and efficiently plan and prioritize all resources working across project(s) based on scope of work and project goals.  Actively monitor project risks and scope creep to foresee/identify potential problems and proactively identify solutions to address them in advance.  Consistently identify needs that others may not recognize and ensure approaches and solutions are linked to objectives and future needs.  Communicate and document project status and strategic recommendations to team members and senior management on a regular basis; escalate issues accordingly via the appropriate channels.  Conduct project post mortems and proactively identify opportunities for improvement to all process and tools used in the execution of project activities.  Clarify and communicate project objectives and success criteria to stakeholders and the team members while providing motivation, direction, and overall management to teams.  Manages the proposal planning and development process, including analyzing RFP, QBR and sales presentation requirements, identifying and quantifying evaluation criteria.  SECONDARY FUNCTIONS: Participates in special projects and performs other duties as assigned.  To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations will be made upon request to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE & OTHER POSITION REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor’s degree required.  Experience working in cross functional teams and leading by influence.  2 – 4 years of project management experience in an interactive environment, experience in agile marketing a plus.  Must be able to communicate effectively and clearly in writing and orally, both in one-on-one and in group presentation situations.  Ability to interact and communicate with all levels of staff and management is required.  Experience developing product specs and ability to identify and prioritize product and project requirements.  Ability to create, manage, and deliver against large, interdependent project plans.  Excellent verbal, written, presentation and interpersonal communications skills.  Strong attention to detail and focus on task completion is critical.  Competencies in Basecamp, Google Analytics, issue tracking software tools and other related project management and communications tools are required.  Must be proficient in PC software packages, such as Microsoft Word, PowerPoint Excel, and email.






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed