Hospital Foodservice - Cook Position  MMS – Pasadena, TX 77505      *DO NOT EMAIL A RESUME*   *Must apply in person and fill out application, resume is not required but will be accepted with the application*  Come to the cafe for an application between the hours of 7 am and 3 pm Monday to Friday.    Please apply in person at:  St. Luke's Patients Medical Center  4600 E Sam Houston Parkway S  Pasadena, TX 77505    Looking to work for a great company that has lots of job growth and opportunities available. We are looking for a team player with an outgoing attitude who can get the job done and enjoys working with hospital patients and other staff members.    Shifts Vary - Hours Vary at this time.  Looking for someone with a flexible schedule.  Must be very outgoing and able to multitask.    Essential Job Duties  1. Comprehensive knowledge of food preparation and handling technique.  2. General knowledge of safety and sanitation rules and practices.  3. Ability to work well independently given proper direction.  4. Has latitude to cope with some problems.  5. Confers with Sous Chef or Director on unusual problems.  6. Responsible for hot and cold food preparation, including accompaniments and garnishes.  7. Prepares hot and cold entrees, soups and vegetables following production sheets and provided recipes for patient services, cafeteria and special functions.  8. Does advance preparation as indicated.  9. Serves eye-appealing, tasty food items following recipes provided for preparation and plate service of food.  10. Completes food temperature checks each meal.  Tastes all food items prepared.  11. Completes preparation records and stores food items properly at close of meal service.  12. Cleans work area and equipment used in food preparation.  13. Must take necessary precautions and follow correct procedures for lifting and bending.  14. Follows safety and sanitation rules and practices.  15. Ensures that all hot food preparation and assembling is done in accordance with established procedures.  16. Demonstrates knowledge of fire safety procedures and assists with evacuation of residents to a safe location in the event of fire or other emergency.  17. Performs other duties as assigned.  18. Cooperates with staff of other departments in performing job duties.  19. Provides clean, safe and neat environment for patients, self and staff.    Education and Experience:   High School Diploma or GED  Serv-safe certified preferred  Prior hospital foodservice preferred, past cooking experience required      These positions are with Morrison Management Specialsts a member of: Compass Group North America, a diversity growth-oriented organization. Our goal is to improve the quality of work life by using fair and consistent treatment and providing equal growth opportunities for ALL associates. EOE & AA Employer M/F/D/V






