*2013 Graduate Program (August 2013 commencement, 2 year program) Aristocrat Technologies (Las Vegas, Nevada) Marketing & Gaming Operations Coordinator*  *Our business*  We are an Australian Stock Exchange listed company with an impressive 60 year history of growth and global success.  We have a significant presence in North America with a sizeable operation based in Las Vegas and we have well established network of offices and operations around the world.  Our industry, gaming, is a highly competitive technology & entertainment based market place where we are recognized for being leaders of product design and development.   We understand and value how great talent can drive the commercial agenda and success of a business. Our culture is defined through our four winning ways; UNITE, DEVELOP, DELIVER & PLAY. We believe that everyone has a voice at Aristocrat to share ideas and innovate and we actively encourage individual and team creativity.   *Our 2013 Graduate Program (Qualified, Experienced Hires)*  Our program is a rare opportunity for recent Graduates with a Bachelor’s Degree and is designed to give you a highly visible platform to display your drive and determination within the framework of a successful global business.   You will be given a specific role to perform within your aligned business area and then guided and supported by a development framework that will give you the tools, leadership, mentoring and broad business exposure that you need in order to succeed and flourish.  We’re serious about this program – we’re focused on supporting, encouraging, developing and engaging experienced graduate talent in 2013, you’re strategically important to our business’ future success.   *It’s all about you!*  We are looking for the next generation of excited talent to join us. Your passion, drive and ability in your domain expertise will be matched by your proven communication, organization and prioritization skills. You will be adept at working to conflicting deadlines, in a fast-paced and exciting environment that demands excellence – yet still knows how to have fun!  After all, remember that you’ll be based in Las Vegas!  *Job Requirements :*  Your new role…   *SUMMARY:*   The Marketing & Gaming Operations Coordinator is responsible for assisting the Marketing and Gaming Operations teams for North America.  *ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:*   Marketing • Prepare presentations for Marketing and Sales for internal and external delivery • Assist with marketing concepts and campaigns for specific jurisdictions • Support Market Segmentation and Product strategy development • Support for product launches and roadshows • Be a direct contact for sales and work with all functional areas of the organization  relating to games products • Assist in research studies, which may include customer focus groups, surveys, or satisfaction studies • Assist with product release process to ensure all needed information is provided to Marketing and the Sales team  Gaming Operations • Review and reconcile all Gaming Ops orders in OMT on a weekly basis • Product Launches - Work closely with Business Operations, Supply Chain & Technical Services in order to prioritize orders and ensure all internal ground work is done to maximize speed to market and revenue generation • Attend PDP for all high profile products and ensure commercialization dates are on track – alternatively, report any potential delays back to Gaming Ops Management • Assist Gaming Ops in building PowerPoint Presentations for internal and external delivery  General  • As required may need to travel and conduct site visits.  • Be required to present to Management and Sales • Performs other duties as assigned. • Works on special projects when needed.  *QUALIFICATIONS:*  Education: Bachelor’s degree in Marketing, Communications or a related field, or its equivalent is required  Skills, knowledge, and qualifications:  • Knowledge of marketing concepts • Ability to complete projects on time and on budget • Strong written and verbal communication skills • Skill in aligning work with strategic goals • Ability to prioritize and plan work activities • Ability and willingness to travel • Strong team approach • Good analytical skills • Must be proficient in Microsoft Office • Must possess excellent presentation skills • Must be able to read, write, speak and understand English • Must be able to work independently and be team oriented   This position may require registration with the Nevada Gaming Control Board (NGCB) and/or other gaming jurisdictions in which we operate.  Are you ready to start the time of your life?  For more information on each opportunity or if you would like to be considered for one of these opportunities, please apply on line via the specific job reference listed above and include a cover letter detailing why you think you would like to join the Aristocrat team.  *Closing date: Wednesday 19th June 2013*






bs-degree-needed