Position Type: Full Time ( paid daily, approx. 8 hours per day, including lunch time (30 - 45 min)  Position Overview: Provide personal administrative support to management and the company through conducting and organizing administrative duties and activities including receiving and handling information, order processing and customer service.  Responsibilities: · To perform order management duties on an accurate and timely basis from order entry up to on-time delivery. Includes receiving the order, entering into QuickBooks, verifying availability, issuing an order confirmation to customers, and make sure with the warehouse that the order has been pulled out correctly. · To maintain proper update and filing of orders and shipping documents. · To prepare shipment documents, invoices, packing labels, etc. · Daily monitoring of customer orders for accuracy, complete sets, shortages, overages etc. · Working closely with customers to resolve all ordering issues by heavy phone and email use. · Check and count inventory Bi-weekly. · Prepare email updates through IContact to send to the database of clients. · Call to arrange and confirm appointments with clients. · Develop a database of qualified clients through heavy telephone use; calling on businesses to request their contact information.  Job Description:  •To perform order management duties on an accurate and timely basis from order entry up to on-time delivery. Includes receiving the order, entering into QuickBooks and issuing an order confirmation to clients. •To maintain proper update and filing of orders and shipping documents. •To prepare shipment documents, invoices, packing labels, etc. •Daily monitoring of customer orders for accuracy, complete sets, shortages, overages etc. Working closely with customers to resolve all ordering issues by heavy phone, fax, and email use. •Prepare email updates through IContact to send to the database of clients. •Arranges meetings and conferences, updates schedules and appointments as well as coordinates travel arrangements. •Develop a database of qualified clients through heavy telephone use; calling on businesses to request their contact information. • Follows up on pending projects to determine status and ensures compliance with schedules and priorities.    Skills and Requirements: · High school diploma or equivalent required and university degree.  · 1-2 years reception/general office experience required · Must be very proficient and familiar with QuickBooks, MS Word, Excel, Windows XP, emails   and Internet Explorer. · Better if have some knowledge on email marketing, and the usage of tools like IContact.  · Demonstrate strong written and verbal communication skills, and organizational skills. · Being able to perform a variety of duties, often changing from one task to another of a different nature. · Must be able to drive execution, foster innovation, focus on the customer, collaborate with others, solve problems creatively and demonstrate high integrity.  Salary: $24,000.00 - $26,000.00 yearly






full-time-job 1-year-experience-needed salary