Independent Sales Consultant – Need National Reps in ALL Cities  We have Independent Sales Consultant positions open in all major cities. We are looking for high energy, self-motivated individuals excited about working in the dynamic & rapidly growing Mobile App marketing industry. Must be looking for an opportunity to build your own business opportunity. High potential market and looking for individuals who are self starters and great communcators.   We are experiencing rapid growth and seeing tremendous demand for Mobile Apps in every industry. Mobile applications are the next frontier of marketing for businesses and the industry is predicted to sky rocket over 1000% in the next three years to a 56 billion dollar market (Gartner Group).  Evantage Apps has a unique culture. We are highly innovative and our products are defining new frontiers in mobile marketing and customer engagement for small businesses. We have extraordinary leadership, an aggressive sales driven culture and we like to have fun!  Requirements: The Independent Sales Consultant will be responsible for selling mobile apps and services to local businesses and establishments. Will learn and understand our full suite of mobile application services and features, feature benefits, sales process and also cross-sell web & internet service support offerings as needed.  Sales/Training Tools provided You schedule your work-hours Must have home office (except Chicago, Irvine CA, Raleigh,NC) Must be able to connect to mobile internet Must be able to demonstrate apps to customers on iPhone, Android or iPad device Sales experience preferred, but not required  Our Company: Evantage Mobile Apps is a custom full-service provider of mobile apps for iPhone, iPad, Blackberry and Android. Our company is unique in that we are the only mobile app company focused on providing affordable mobile solutions to small & mid-size businesses.  With our specific aim on small business industries we are able to provide the necessary features and functionality needed to make their app a successful marketing tool. Makin’ it Appn!  The mobile market place is experiencing triple-digit growth each quarter, and is expected to keep on growing as smart phones continue to surge into the consumer's hands. Rarely are people separated from their phones today, so helping businesses take advantage of this incredible marketing opportunity is our goal. We are positioned to be the leader in our initial markets.  The company is privately funded and has launched in the Midwest (Chicago), the west coast (Southern California), Florida, Texas and on the East Coast (Charlotte). The company's leadership is comprised of executive management from AR International and Evantage Solutions.  Website: www.example.com  XXX   Compensation: Very generous commission based compensation with reoccurring residual monthly income on every sale. No cap on earnings. Very high closing ratio!(Open to salary and full benefits if sales goals are met.)  Location: Field sales - Telecommuting is ok.  This is a part-time or full-time job. This is a contract job.  Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster. Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.  






