Predixion Software is the most innovative player at the immediate intersection of Predictive Analytics, Big Data, and Insightful Collaboration. Predixion bridges the gap between complex machine learning algorithms and business intelligence that dramatically increases the ability to produce and consume the advanced analytics that are required to understand and leverage data generated by the Big Data generation. Predixion changes the predictive analytics market paradigm to be comprehensive and inclusive to usher in a new age of machine learning that is accessible to anyone. Currently our software is used by individuals as varied as data scientists, college instructors, doctors and nurses, business analysts, marketing professionals, BI specialists, DBAs and more. (You can download a free trial of our cloud-based Excel-integrated product at our website.)   Predixion’s culture is casual and sophisticated. We deeply care about our product and the benefits it brings to our customers. We value work/life balance, team spirit, efficiency, simplicity, innovation and making a difference. Predixion offers exceptional professional and financial growth potential.   *Why Predixion?*   Predixion’s culture is casual and sophisticated. We deeply care about our product and the benefits it brings to our customers. We value work/life balance, team spirit, efficiency, simplicity, innovation and making a difference. Predixion offers exceptional professional and financial growth potential. Team member success is rewarded with a highly competitive compensation package including stock options, incentive plans and a very generous benefits package!   *What you’ll be doing…*   Serves customers by providing outstanding customer service, technical support information; resolving product and service problems.  *The essential duties and responsibilities include:*  • Strong client-interaction skills a must Including capturing customer requirements, documenting problems, clearly communicating results in both written and oral presentations. • Some knowledge of Predictive Analytic tools such as SAS, IBM SPSS. Ability to test customers models in Predixion Insight • Opens customer accounts in a Customer Relationship System by recording account information. Maintains customer records by updating account information. • Reaches out to customer prospects via proactive reach out campaigns. • Monitors customer Forums and answers customer questions. • Resolves product or service problems by clarifying the customer's complaint; determining the root cause of the problem; selecting and explaining the best solution to solve the problem; expediting correction or adjustment; following up to ensure resolution. • Closes the feedback loop by generating actionable service tickets that can be tracked and funneled back to Product Development as either product feedback or bug reports. • Prepares product or service reports by collecting and analyzing customer information • Assisting with development of training materials for partners and customers • Documenting best practices and FAQs for product use and customer support.   *Who you are…*   You are an experienced customer support advocate (at least 3 years’ experience) with excellent analytical and problem solving skills. You are willing to adapt and change with new environments. You have a Bachelor’s degree and basic project management skills including developing, implementing and tracking a project plan. You have in depth understanding of and experience troubleshooting Microsoft Windows and Microsoft SQL Server.   *Travel Requirements:*   The employee is expected to minimal travel; 2 to 3 days once every 6 months   We are hiring for this position in our Redmond, WA location. No Relocation. No phone calls please.   So, if you are looking for a new challenge in an innovative high-energy environment, and you feel you’re a strong match for the position listed above… please apply today! To learn more about Predixion Software and all our current openings, please visit...   www.example.com






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed