We are looking for an Online Marketing Manager/Director to develop and execute our overall B2C and B2B online marketing and customer acquisition strategy.  This is a unique opportunity for the right individual to join a great team and help build the business from the beginning.  Thuzio is an exciting new online marketplace for experiences.  Company is founded by experienced entrepreneurs and former professional athletes.  We are well funded and are currently launching our Beta product.   3-5+ years of online marketing experience a must. Candidates with fewer will not be considered.  Our ideal candidate is currently immersed in online marketing with experience across the key functions for a singular brand, e-commerce site or community platform.  Selling a product or service highly preferred over just content experience. • Social Media:  Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Pinterest, blogs YouTube etc. • SEO: Building great SEO through content, site design and links • Email/direct marketing:  Using email campaigns, lists and partnerships to reach out and  sell targeted customers. • SEM: Using paid search to drive traffic and sales.  Must be good at measuring, learning and ROI analysis using tools like Google analytics.  Desired Skills & Experience: • Proven understanding of social media strategies, trends and technologies • Demonstrated results in the online customer acquisition process, metrics and techniques • Experience building ROI driven analytics • Results oriented attitude and hands on approach to building a marketing funnel • Ability to write clear, impactful and persuasive marketing copy • High degree of computer literacy • Undergraduate degree • Strong team player who is easy to work with  Success factors • Experience in sports marketing and or E-commerce a big plus • Must thrive in a very fast paced, and ever changing business environment • Need to be able to handle small details while also developing the overall strategy • The ability to figure things out for the first time based on limited information  






supervising-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed