Born in 1974, Big Star USA is a true heritage denim brand.  The collections consist of clean, sophisticated denim in hip and refined silhouettes, as well as a growing offering of knits and woven pieces.  Big Star USA caters to the foundation wardrobe needs of men and women of all ages and sizes, perfect for any occasion.  Big Star USA is looking for an ambitious individual with experience and interest in the fashion world to manage the day-to-day operations of www.example.com , the brand's e-commerce presence.  *Responsibilities* : * Website administration:  Responsible for content administration related to products and product merchandising.  *  Customer Service:  Resolve customer inquiries and issues via inbound calls and emails;  Assist customers with completing or modifying orders; Respond to customer service issues that occur on the site or in any of Big Star USA's social networks;  *  Order Management:  Verify and approve orders for shipment;  Investigate potential fraudulent orders; Work with shipping to ensure orders are fulfilled accurately and rapidly;  Contact customers for any discrepancies in order data.  *  Product Returns:  Authorize and issue return authorizations; Receive and Validate that the returned items match invoices and are free from damage; Reconcile and report on inventory.   *Qualifications* : Must have prior customer service experience either from retail or call center/phone.  Must be competent and comfortable communicating with existing and potential customers in both written and verbal context while speaking and acting on behalf of the brand.  Must have strong negotiating and conflict resolution skills to address customer issues.  Must have experience managing digital content (blog, website, social networking).    *Desired Qualities* : Ability to adapt to constantly evolving processes, situations, and business environments.  Eager to take initiative to design new offers and practices.  Ability to prioritize and multi-task.  Willingness to coordinate with a team as well as contribute individually.






