Position: Direct Care Staff – I/DD Male Residential  Status: Full Time and Part Time Positions, Hourly Location: New Lisbon, NJ  “A Brighter Future Begins With Us\" Join *AdvoServ’s* Growing Residential Team Today! As we expand residential services in South Jersey, AdvoServ is searching for enthusiastic job seekers with a strong interest in the human services field. Qualified candidates will be willing and able to provide compassionate care to adult males with intellectual and developmental disabilities and severe behavioral challenges.  This important full time, direct care position of Community Living Specialist is responsible for assisting adults with developmental disabilities and behavioral challenges in this specialized residential program. Located in New Lisbon, NJ, this is an excellent opportunity for qualified job seekers entering the human services field as well as those looking to continue their career with a growing organization committed to quality, compassionate care. Please note, both full time and part time positions are available.   Work Hours (FULL TIME & PART TIME AVAILABLE): • All full time shifts  • The day shift is 8:00am - 4:00pm  • The evening shift is 4:00pm - 12:00am  • The night shift is 12:00am - 8:00pm * Part time shifts vary • Mandatory two week training for all new hires. This training is Monday thru Friday 9:00am - 5:00pm in Swedesboro, NJ (Camden County) or Branchburg, NJ (Somerset County) your first two weeks of employment. Trainees cannot be absent or late during this training period.  Locations: • Programs are located in New Lisbon, NJ (Pemberton Township)  • These locations are approximately 40 minutes from Trenton   *Essential Functions & Responsibilities Of This Full Time Position:* • Ensure the health and welfare of all residents  • Provide daily assistance with life skills, behaviors and other needs of individuals with intellectual a and developmental disabilities and severe behavioral challenges  • Perform crisis intervention  • Implement IEP/IHP goals, objectives and behavior support plans and interact and/or respond to unexpected behaviors in accordance with behavior support plans, intervention policies and practices  • Complete and maintain all required documentation  • Assist with personal care needs of residents (includes prompting and/or physical assistance with some tasks such as bathing and toileting)  • Manage specialized diets for residents  • Medication administration and documentation  • Transporting and accompanying residents on medical appointments and recreational and other outings  • Ability to understand and use Applied Behavior Analysis (ABA)  • Ability to perform CPR and administer First Aid  • Participate in case conferences to review resident progress.  • Attend and participate in all individual, shift and general staff meetings.  • Attend and participate in all in-service training sessions.  • Assist with training and orientation of new Community Living Specialists.    *Requirements*  • High school diploma or G.E.D.  • A college degree is preferred. Associate's or Bachelor's Degree in related fields preferred (e.g. Human Services, Psychology, Sociology, Human Services, Special Education, Criminal Justice, etc.).  • Strong written communication skills  • Experience working with adults with special needs population preferred  • Ability to communicate with and provide direct assistance to individuals experiencing an intellectual or developmental disability.  • Ability to interact and effectively communicate with residents, their families and staff  • Must possess and maintain a valid, active, unrestricted Driver’s License without any major violations within the past 3 years  • Successful completion of AdvoServ's pre-employment screening process which includes fingerprinting for state and national background checks, driving record check, physical exam, (including lift test and drug screen) and tb (tuberculosis/mantoux) screening, positive reference checks, employment verifications and education verifications.  • AdvoServ is an Equal Opportunity Employer   AdvoServ Offers:  • Extensive Training  • Excellent Career & Development Opportunities  • Competitive Salary & Benefits •Medical, Dental & Life Insurance  • 401(k) Plan  • Paid Time Off  • Paid Holidays  • Tuition Reimbursement  • Employee Bonus Programs  • Employee Referral Bonus Program   \"A BRIGHTER FUTURE BEGINS WITH US\"  AdvoServ’s mission is to enhance the quality of lives of individuals with I/DD and severe behavioral challenges through individualized, expertly-designed treatment programs developed to empower individuals to achieve positive, adaptive behavioral change, social integration and community participation. For more information on AdvoServ, please visit us at www.example.com. AdvoServ is an Equal Opportunity Employer.






hourly-wage