Alabama Pain Physicians is a comprehensive pain management practice committed to improving the quality of life of our patients. We utilize cutting edge technology and advanced procedures to establish an accurate diagnosis and treatment plan to ultimately minimize pain and increase function.   *Description * The Healthcare Compliance Manager will be responsible for carrying out the roles of Compliance Manager, Privacy Manager, and Health Information Management (Medical Records).  *Job Responsibilities* The Compliance Manager will oversee the Corporate Compliance Program, functioning as an independent and objective body that reviews and evaluates compliance issues/concerns within the organization. The position ensures the Board of Directors, management and employees are in compliance with the rules and regulations of regulatory agencies, that company policies and procedures are being followed, and that behavior in the organization meets the company’s Code of Conduct.  The Compliance Manager will also function as Privacy Manager by overseeing all ongoing activities related to the development, implementation, maintenance of, and adherence to the organization’s policies and procedures covering the privacy of, and access to, patient health information in compliance with federal and state laws and the healthcare organization’s information privacy practices.  Furthermore, the Compliance Manager will be responsible for all Health Information Management and be responsible for maintaining the security, confidentiality, completeness, and accuracy of the medical records in accordance with policies and procedures and with guidelines of regulatory agencies.   *Essential Job Duties*  *Compliance * 1.Develop, initiate, maintain, and revise policies and procedures for the general operation of the Compliance Program and its related activities to prevent illegal, unethical, or improper conduct. Manages day-to-day operation of the Program.  2.Collaborate with other departments to direct compliance issues to appropriate existing channels for investigation and resolution. Consults with legal counsel as needed to resolve difficult legal compliance issues.  3.Coordinate in the development of the annual clinical documentation education workshop and monitor external auditing of provider’s coding and billing in accordance to the Corporate Compliance Plan.  4.Review, analyze, and respond to medical information requests by all federal, state, and 3rd party requestors (i.e., CMS, CERT, QIO, RAC, HEDIS) in a timely manner.  5.Review requested medical information for completeness and compliance.  6.Obtain missing documentation and/or clarification of documentation as necessary and appropriate.  7.Work closely with Human Resources and others as appropriate to develop an effective compliance training program, including appropriate introductory training for new employees as well as ongoing training for all employees and managers.  8.Work closely with billing and coding to ensure accuracy of claims submission.  9.Maintain attendance rosters and documentation (agenda, handouts, and so on) for training programs. 10.Maintain Compliance Issues Log within department. 11.Maintain a communication tracking process for patient complaints in documentation with resolution. 12.Provide feedback and focused educational programs on the results of auditing and monitoring activities to affected staff and physicians. 13.Report noncompliance issues detected through auditing and monitoring, nature of corrective action plans implemented in response to identified problems, and results of follow-up audits to the Compliance Committee. 14.Receive and investigate reports of compliance violations and communicate this information to the corresponding senior management, CEO, and Compliance Committee. 15.Ensure the appropriate dissemination and communication of all regulation, policy, and guideline changes to affected personnel. 16.Provide guidance for department managers, staff, physicians, and administration to obtain information or clarification on accurate and ethical coding and documentation standard guidelines, and regulatory requirements. 17.Recommend revisions to the corporate compliance program to improve its effectiveness. 18.Provide reports on a regular basis, and as directed or requested, to keep the Compliance Committee, the Board of Directors and senior management informed of the operation and progress of compliance efforts. 19.Review all reported issues, concerns, or questions relative to Compliance, Privacy, and Medical Records. 20.Maintain OSHA training and documentation.   *Privacy and Health Information Management*  1.Oversee, direct, deliver or ensure delivery of initial and annual HIPAA training to all employees and affiliates.  2.Participate in the development, implementation, and ongoing compliance monitoring of all business associates agreements, to ensure all privacy concerns, requirements, and responsibilities are addressed.  3.Manage the contracts of Release of Information, including audits and legal requests for both electronic and paper records, radiology films, and billing receipts.  4.Manage the Document Imaging Operators including time and attendance, productivity, and performance of scanning/indexing in the electronic health record.  5.Provide oversight for record retention and destruction.  6.Work closely with EHR/IT Department in various functions for roll out projects and system upgrades.  7.Perform random audits and assist with maintaining electronic health record scanning/indexing system.  8.Develop and oversee processes in the HIM Department; ensure that HIM processes and controls are evaluated against the organization’s internal and external information needs on an ongoing basis.  9.Serve as an internal consultant on health information management issues including release of information, confidentiality, information security, information storage and retrieval, and record retention as well as authorship and authentication of health record documentation.   *Job Requirements*  *Education/Experience and Skills* •Bachelors Degree in Health Information Management, or related to healthcare and/or compliance.   •Associates Degree in Health Information Technology with a minimum of 5 years experience  •Minimum 5 – 10 years experience in healthcare, compliance, or health information management  •2 years of supervisory experience •Valid driver’s license  *Desired:* •Masters degree in health or law  •Registered Health Information Administrator (RHIA) or Registered Health Information Technician (RHIT)  •Nationally recognized Compliance certification   *Skills:* •Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing and to maintain confidentiality of sensitive information.  •Professional business attitude, appearance and demeanor.   •Strong managerial, leadership, problem solving skills and interpersonal skills.  •Excellent analytical skills and presentation skills.  •Motivated, organized, detailed orient and able to multi-task in a busy office environment.  •Ability to work independently with minimal supervision and collaborative with members of the healthcare team.  •Experience in legal issues in a healthcare environment.  •Extensive knowledge of reimbursement systems.  •Extensive knowledge of medical diagnostic and procedural coding principles and guidelines.  •Extensive knowledge of federal, state, and payer-specific regulations and policies pertaining to documentation, coding, and billing.  •Ability to design and conduct or direct internal coding and billing audits.  •Skills in coordinating and responding to audits by governmental or private payors. •Basic Computer skills (Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook) and 1-2 years of experience with an electronic medical records system.   *Benefits:* We offer our employees a competitive salary plus a comprehensive benefits package.  *Benefits will include:* •Medical and Dental Healthcare Plans •Retirement plan •Vacation and Holiday paid time off






associate-needed salary 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job