American IT Solutions, Inc. is seeking a SAS Programmer for an immediate contract assignment in Hartford, CT.  This is a 6 month contract with the potential to convert to full time.  No H1B candidates can be accepted for this role.  Job Responsibilities  Seeking candidates who are interested in becoming a member of a highly skilled team that provides support for cutting edge projects in an area that develops predictive models and analytics for many of our Commercial Lines businesses.   This position offers a technical, assertive, creative and inquisitive individual the opportunity to learn about commercial lines insurance and the products we underwrite by working in an exciting and growing area of the company.  You will partner with some of the best statisticians, modelers, and actuaries in the company.   As a member of the Commercial Actuarial Strategic Development team this position will have responsibility for the preparation of data to support predictive modeling projects.  This includes hands-on coding as well as analysis support.  You will provide support to a group that is responsible for developing analytic models that enable our businesses to understand and improve their business performance and sustain a competitive advantage in the marketplace.   PRIMARY DUTIES:   1. Prepares and analyzes data to be used in predictive modeling projects   2. Creates output files and constructs modeling datasets as directed   3. Provides and maintains information for predictive modeling and other research projects   4. Enters data and performs standard actuarial calculations   WORK EXPERIENCE:   1. Generally 3+ years of technical programming experience   2. Knowledge of insurance products and systems   TECHNICAL SKILLS:   1. Intermediate SAS skills   2. Intermediate MS Excel skills   3. Knowledge of SQL   4. Solid understanding of programming and database principles and best practices   5. Solid understanding of the distributed environment   6. MS Access and Unix skills a plus   OTHER SKILLS:   * Strong analytical and problem solving skills   * Ability to work well in a team environment   * Customer service oriented with the enthusiasm to learn   * Ability to work on multiple projects at once   * Effective communications skills   CERTIFICATES/DEGREES:   College degree in MIS, computer science, statistics, mathematics, actuarial science or equivalent  






bs-degree-needed part-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed