MISSION:  It is our commitment to provide our customers a one-stop destination for the largest selection of quality home furnishings at the lower prices every day, while striving to enrich, fulfill, and reward our employees and the communities we live in.  GENERAL STATEMENT OF DUTIES: Under general supervision, the Driver is to ensure an accurate inventory and loading all merchandise in a proper manner for transportation and transferring product from store to store while abiding by all company safety guidelines. Additionally: abiding by all state motor vehicle operator safety guidelines.     EXAMPLES OF WORKED PERFORMED: Loading, securing the load and unloading merchandise from the loading docks and delivery truck at specified locations. Driver will also be responsible for assisting warehouse personnel with general warehouse duties, such as, but not limited to material handling, packing, loading on trucks, transporting materials to other work areas, cleaning, etc. Must be able to quickly gain knowledge of merchandise and documents used in the store to store transfer process. Check daily assignments and responsibilities: use excellent customer relations with both internal and external customers. Any other duties as directed by management.   EMPLOYMENT STANDARDS: Ability to repetitively lift heavy merchandise of 50 lbs; Valid Commercial Driver’s License required with no more than 2 traffic violations or 1 chargeable accident within the past three years; Knowledge of safe operation of a delivery truck and knowledge of Federal, State, and local motor vehicle safety laws. Ability to communicate effectively with team members; positive attitude when working with customers; knowledge of employment and safety procedures.  PHYSICAL ACTIVITY REQUIREMENTS: To successfully perform the essential functions of the job, an employee must be able to perform the following: Stooping, kneeling, crouching, reaching, standing, climbing, crawling, walking, pulling, lifting, talking, hearing/listening and repetitive motion.  Heavy Work: Lifting up to 50 lbs occasionally, up to 50 lbs frequently, and up to 30 lbs constantly to move objects.  Work Environment: Occasionally works in hot and/or cold temperatures and occasionally exposed to wet and/or humid conditions.  Lady Americana promotes and maintains a drug-free work environment. Lady Americana is an Equal Opportunity Employer.






