The Marketing and Business Development Manager is responsible for producing content to market and communicate IAFT’s mission and enhance its visibility and reputation. This person will promote IAFT’s programs, services and people to target audiences via timely news and information, and curate consistent messaging across media channels that support the IAFT’s marketing and communications objectives.  Job Description:  Role and Responsibilities • Commitment to IAFT’s mission, vision, values and goals. • Produce original and maintain regular content for all media channels, including traditional and new media for external and internal consumption and engagement. • Lead IAFT’s strategic marketing efforts, including the development of a strategic marketing plan, in collaboration with all divisions and academic departments of the college.  o Draft, finalize, and review marketing plans. o Draft, finalize and review marketing budget. (Monthly marketing final budget) o Accounting for marketing department (how much was spent and etc.) should be proficient in Excel. • Identify and execute effective marketing activities to enhance and support student recruitment, institutional advancement, faculty achievements, campus events and other institutional initiatives.  o Attend meetings and interviews on behalf of IAFT o Attend committee meetings at the Chamber of Commerce o Plan and make rundown for all fairs, open houses, workshop and events. o New concepts are created and executed efficiently and expediently • Enhance IAFT’s communication strategies with consistent and effective messaging and branding that will help achieve the IAFT’s mission, goals and strategic objectives.  o Cultivate a strong media presence with all media platforms that has a contract with IAFT to help achieve marketing and communication objectives. o Manage appropriate Web analytics and IAFT’s tools in order to evaluate the effectiveness of online efforts and determine how to best invest resources in marketing, public relations, and social media efforts; provide access to reports. • Oversee the IAFT’s print, digital, online and social media presence to improve marketing, branding and communication.  o Prep materials for website logs. o Prep materials for Facebook logs o Arrange printing, payment and pick up for marketing materials and confirm orders with follow up for anything that needs to be edited. o Prepare for advertisement with graphic designer and make sure they are sent out on time to the advertisement company. o Assist in the collection of news, artwork, photos and multimedia for IAFT marketing and communications use, including coverage of select college events and functions such as Open Houses, Career Fairs, and Orientation. • Develop internal communication strategies to foster IAFT’s community and connection. o Attend weekly staff meetings o Obtaining approval for funds o Conduct training and provide support for content contributors following IAFT’s guidelines, best practices and standards for appropriate media. o Work closely with coworkers and IT department to ensure that the technology for the IAFT’s electronic communications support a robust interactive experience for users. o Work closely with IAFT’s admissions department to ensure consistency of brand, information, and content presentation across all media. • Oversee the marketing department to make sure that all tasks are completed in a precise and timely manner. • Keep current with design technology and tools and stay up-to-date on design trends and best practices. • Perform other duties as assigned by the Campus Director and/or CEO. Qualifications and Education Requirements • Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college or university in broadcasting, journalism, marketing, advertising, public relations, new media, communications or related field. • Minimum of two years of experience writing, editing, producing, and organizing marketing and communication initiatives.  Experience with multiple types of media preferred. • Demonstrated success in journalism, advertising, marketing, media or public relations. • Excellent written, oral and interpersonal and communication skills; knowledge of grammar and style and strong attention to detail. • Strong understanding of how the written word, graphic design, photos, videos, electronic communications and social media are used to successfully achieve communication objectives. • Ability to work unsupervised and manage several projects simultaneously in a fast-paced work environment. • Ideal candidates will possess basic to intermediate skills in the following: o Adobe Creative Suite o Digital photography/video production and editing o Website design and content management systems o Blogging and e-newsletter platforms o Social media management o Search Engine Optimization o Online metrics and analytics • Strong human relations and interpersonal skills to interact positively and effectively with diverse populations. • Ability to handle confidential matters with discretion and perform with a high level of personal and professional integrity and ethics. • Prior work experience in a college setting preferred. • Understanding and commitment to IAFT’s philosophy. • Must possess a valid driver’s license.  Location: Las Vegas / Los Angeles Salary range: $35K - $40K  www.example.com






supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed salary