American Lending Solutions, LLC, a leading residential mortgage banker for the past 11 years is expanding!  We can close loans in as little as 7 days thanks to our in-house Underwriters and closers.  We offer an excellent work environment, extensive training and one of the best compensation plans around.  We are looking for an additional successful Sales Manager/Branch Manager to lead our team.    SUMMARY: 1. Recruit, train and manage staff to ensure branch production, quality and service  standards are being met  2. Maximize loan production 3. Identify and establish new referral sources through a variety of sales efforts 4. Conduct daily and weekly production meetings establishing sales goals and quotas 5. Review and re-structure deals with staff in order to provide exceptional service to our clients 6. Monitor daily production activity through all aspects of the lending business 7. Meet and maintain Company’s monthly sales goals 8. Utilize the Company’s lead sources effectively 9. Maintain an accurate, up-to-date, working pipeline 10. Maintain a friendly and positive work atmosphere  QUALIFICATIONS:  To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.  The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required.  Reasonable accommodations and/or training may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.   EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE : 1.  A minimum of 3-5 years of recent mortgage banking/retail branch banking experience    2. A minimum of 2 years of management experience within the mortgage industry  3. Extensive knowledge of current mortgage loan regulatory requirements, guidelines, and residential loan products 4. Proven track record in meeting sales quotas in the mortgage environment 5. Strong organizational and time management skills    6. Proficiency with Calyx Point a plus  7. Current NMLS license a plus  We offer FHA, VA, USDA, 203k, jumbo, conventional, DU Refi Plus, Open Access and many other products through our various correspondent and broker channels.  Come join a team that is passionate about what they do!  Don’t forget to check out our website at:  www.example.com






2-4-years-experience-needed