*About Solum* Solum provides information to farmers that will allow them to efficiently increase yields by applying crop nutrients in the right amount, at the right place, and at the right time using high-resolution soil measurements.   The company’s proprietary measurement tools also make agriculture more sustainable by reducing the loss of nutrients to the environment.   Solum’s soil measurements are accompanied by software-based data support tools that enable better fertilizer decisions, as well as informing seed density, seed selection, and other management practices.   Understanding that growers worldwide seek to maximize yields and profitability as both commodity prices and input costs continue to rise, Solum offers patented hardware and software solutions to achieve these objectives by providing the information that is required to farm every acre optimally.  Founded in 2009, Solum reflects the best attributes of a startup: a large and unmet market need, the technical capacity to meet that need, strong and smart venture capital backing, and a fully committed team with a culture of innovation.  This is an opportunity to be in on the ground floor with a company that is poised to make an enormous positive impact in agriculture.  *Job Summary*: Solum is seeking a versatile and efficient Office Manager who will manage and be responsible for the smooth running of the office. This will include facility management, bookkeeping, executive support,  and HR responsibilities.   *Functions and Responsibilities*: • Bookkeeping:  AP, AR, payroll, etc. • HR responsibilities: ensuring compliance with all local and federal HR laws, assisting with hiring and onboarding, reviewing time cards and PTO, etc.  • Executive support including making travel arrangements, reviewing documents as needed  • Facility management: creating and managing office systems, keeping supplies stocked, assisting with purchasing as needed, maintaining office equipment, etc.  • General office assistance: answering phones, copying, scanning, faxing, running miscellaneous errands, etc.  *Qualifications*: • Able to work in the US without any restrictions • Demonstrated ability to work in a fast paced environment  • Demonstrated ability to communicate clearly and effectively, both written and orally • Demonstrated ability to operate both independently and with a team • Detail oriented • Excellent organizational skills  *Education/Experience*: • Bachelor’s degree from four year college/university or equivalent • Minimum of 5 years experience in related job field • Experience with Quickbooks, Microsoft Word, Excel, and PowerPoint 






5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed