We have a fantastic opportunity for a District Manager with a growing business!  The District Manager is responsible for overseeing multiple stores in several cities. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to managing their assigned store sales and operations, controlling expenses, employee relations, accounting, merchandising, and loss prevention.    District Managers are also ultimately responsible for ensuring the highest level of customer service throughout the stores. A District Manager is a role model and leader and solves problems, makes informed decisions and manages the workforce time wisely in order to achieve maximum results.    TASK AND RESPONSIBILITIES  • Conduct store operations orientation, train and coach the store staff in execution of daily tasks and to maximize sales.   • Participate in administering company policies and developing long range goals and objectives.   • Coordinate sales promotion activities and pricing of merchandise.   • Oversee preparation of merchandise placement and displays.   • Review operational reports and records to ensure adherence to Company policies and procedures, monitor store profitability, and manage store expenses and budgets.   • Analyze marketing potential of new and existing store locations and recommend additional sites or closing of existing stores.   • Coordinate new store openings and/ or closing of existing locations.   • Ensure that proper channels of communication exist between the stores and corporate office.   • Oversee compliance of Store Managers with established Company policies and standards, such as safekeeping of Company property, personnel practices, security, sales and record-keeping procedures, and overall maintenance of the stores by performing required audits.   • Help solve problems that affect the stores service, efficiency, and productivity.   • Inspect premises of stores to ensure that adequate security exists and that physical facilities comply with safety and environmental codes and ordinances.   • Assist in the recruitment and hiring of the most qualified store staff to meet the district's needs.   • Any other tasks as assigned from time to time.      COMPETENCIES  • Ability to develop and train work force, build relationships, utilize skills of workforce most appropriately.   • Ability to merchandise and manage store operations effectively.   • Bi-lingual English / Spanish preferred   • Ability to maintain a fair, consistent set of standards as they apply to work force.   • Ability to adjust priorities and manage time wisely in a fast-paced environment.   • Ability to maintain records and documentation pertaining to work force.   • Ability to communicate in a clear, concise, understandable manner, and listen attentively to others, understands material, and provides instructions to all employees.   • Ability to operate all equipment necessary to perform the job.     REQUIREMENTS  • Ability to work a full-time schedule including nights, weekends, and holidays as needed.   • Retail management experience a plus   • Strong interpersonal, communication, organization and follow-through skills.   • Availability to travel.    PHYSICAL DEMANDS  • Must be able to lift at least 30lbs   • Flexibility to travel and adopt to consent changing and fast pace environment   • Must be able to climb ladders, push, pull and reach over shoulders   • Must be able to stand and walk for long periods of time     We offer a competitive compensation package with benefits, and company provided vehicle.  Our company is a prominent retail services provider with over 18 years in the retail industry.  






full-time-job supervising-job