The Frac Manager is responsible for the overall operation of the Frac operation for their assigned warehouse.  This includes Managing Company Property, Inventory Control, Budgeting, Personnel Management, Staffing and Scheduling, and Administrative Duties. The Frac Manager reports to the VP of Operations.  Minimum Qualifications and Prerequisites: 2+ years supervisory experience.  2+ years working in dispatching, logistics and the transportation of fuels, lubricants or chemicals.  Associates or Bachelor Degree (Business, Management, Petroleum Distribution) a plus.  Strong business and financial knowledge and accounting practices. Effectively work in a dynamic team environment and have the flexibility to adapt to changes. Reliable and punctual, as well as the ability to thrive in a fast-paced, change-oriented, high-pressure work environment. Strong communication and organizational skills. Available to be on-call 24/7.  Schedule must be flexible to include being available to work any day of the week.  Work week may exceed 40 hours per week. Be on week-end call on a rotating basis. Experience in recruiting, interviewing, hiring, counseling, and issuing disciplinary action. Computer literate. Ability to use Microsoft Office, Microsoft Word, Excel, and email experience.  Knowledge of DM2, SAP; Oracle; or other accounting software/databases preferred.   Must have proven people skills.  Able to motivate employees and resolve conflict in a team environment. Demonstrates effective problem solving/analytical skills and pays attention to details. CDL w/endorsements a plus.  Essential Personnel Management Duties and Responsibilities:   Responsible for overseeing the quality of training, motivating and maintaining qualified employees to meet our warehouse business model, customer needs and expectations.  Frac Manager is the role model and mentor to their employees.  Encourages employees to seek and achieve their potential within the company.  Manages a diverse and qualified warehouse team.  Does not tolerate the mistreatment or harassment of an employee due to their race, color, sex, religion, national origin, citizenship, status, age, disability, or sexual orientation. Knowledgeable about company benefits and opportunities. Follows our performance improvement process and works with an employee to change their performance when the employee’s performance does not meet our company standards. Responsible for the initial and continued training, education and development of all employees assigned to their warehouse.  All warehouse employees will be trained according to corporate policies, procedures, and guidelines. During the employee appraisal period, submit for approval and conduct performance reviews for each employee. Initiates, completes and submits all employee paperwork in a timely manner.  Treats every employee fair and in a professional business manner. Ensures employee’s work time is submitted each week to the Payroll department. Essential Personnel Management Duties and Responsibilities continued:   Support, lead and motivate with a high degree of energy the warehouse team of administrative staff and front-line employees (drivers).  Essential Staffing and Scheduling Duties and Responsibilities: Schedules and dispatch drivers. Responsible for the active recruiting, interviewing, and hiring the most qualified employees to staff the warehouse. Responsible for the completion and posting of the work schedule in a timely manner.  Work schedule should be posted in an area where all employees can review. Upon approval, adjusts the work schedule to meet the needs of our customers or traffic pattern. Frac Manager will train Dispatchers, Field Supervisors, and Assistant Frac Managers capable of fulfilling the Frac Manager’s responsibilities in their absence. Proactive in recruiting, hiring and training candidate(s) to fill an opening which may be coming open or available. Help other Terminal’s in recruiting, interviewing process or loaning staff to fill their staffing opportunities. Communicate staffing needs to other Terminal’s, HR and VP of Terminal. The Frac Manager may be asked to participate in any other related task or activity which management determines his/her skills would be useful or needed. Essential Net Profit and Budgeting Duties and Responsibilities:   Responsible for the overall net profit of the warehouse.   Maintain selling and operating expenses at or below budgeted levels. Maintain awareness of utility expenses and proactively seeks opportunities to lower utility costs. Provides accurate and timely estimates and analysis of net operating profit and budget compliance. Responsible for communicating budgeted sales, expenses, and profitability to employees, maintaining awareness of budgeted levels and achievements achieved or not achieved.   Weekly review time records to monitor adherence to the warehouse labor allowance.  Review monthly Terminal report and be able to discuss positive and negative trends.  Establish a plan to continue the positive trends.  Create and implement an action plan to turn the negative trends in to positive trends.    Essential Company Property Management Duties and Responsibilities:  Ensures all safety procedures and practices are being practiced by all employees.  Understand, monitor and assist drivers to be in compliance with all DOT and hazardous  materials regulations.  Ensures his/her warehouse is a safe place to work and in compliance with company and  governmental standards and guidelines.  Responsible to report any employee, customer, third party safety incident, injury and/or damage to property per established procedures.  Maintains all financial reports and documents in a secure area. Does not discuss or share confidential information with competitors, vendors or customers. Ability to open and close the Warehouse if applicable or in case of an emergency.   Essential Company Property Management Duties and Responsibilities continued:  Responsible to familiarize all employees with preventive maintenance and reporting  procedures for any equipment which is unsafe or not operating. Follows up and reports any inadequate response/repair to maintenance issues.  Periodically or as directed, conducts property and equipment inspections noting any maintenance needs/repairs and notifying the appropriate person or company responsible.   Daily general warehouse condition and image should meet or exceed Company expectations. Manage on-going fleet, equipment and fleet maintenance. Conduct product inventory at least once a month.  Essential Administrative Duties and Responsibilities: Responsible for completing all administrative duties in a timely fashion with a high degree of accuracy to insure correct terminal reporting. Insures each delivery ticket is entered to successfully complete timely payment. Responsible for all required paperwork to be completed accurately and entered via the  computer each day and on time.  Required inventory counts/audits are conducted, verified and posted as directed.  All variations after counts and audits are reviewed and action taken to remain in compliance.  Itinerary and schedule(s) submitted as directed. Monitors and processes price changes, bad merchandise and damaged product for proper credit. Ensures all company manuals and other issued books/manuals are current and available.  Anticipate, identify, prioritize, and resolve/eliminate problems through effective delivery planning and scheduling.  Ensure that committed delivery times are successful as scheduled.   Respond to and report service failures as required.    Essential Sales Duties and Responsibilities: Responsible for meeting and/or exceeding budgeted net profit and volume goals. Communicate sales and profitability goals to terminal team and provide timely feedback on results. Takes or assumes an active role in developing forecasts goals. Ensure the overall customer’s experience including safety, warehouse condition, in-stock efficiency, pricing and service meets or exceeds established Company standards. Plan and assign deliveries to maximize productivity and customer service.  Essential Merchandising Duties and Responsibilities: Responsible for his/her Operation’s compliance with corporate pricing.   Provides necessary assistance to maintain and update Warehouse layouts. Maintains proper ordering and inventory levels. Only authorized products are offered for sale.






2-4-years-experience-needed associate-needed supervising-job