The role of the AM Bobtail Driver is to safely deliver products and render outstanding service to our customers.  The Transport Driver reports to the Operations Manager.   Minimum Qualifications and Prerequisites:  • 2 + years experience of hauling bulk liquids is preferred. • Must have a current CDL license with x endorsement (Tanker & HazMat certification) • Has clean driving record for the last 3 years. • Experienced commercial driver with Class A CDL (preferred) and TX Endorsements • Must be 21 years of age in accordance with Section 391.11(b)(1) of FMCR • Schedule must be flexible.  May be asked to report to work early, stay late and/or work on weekends.  • Work day may range between 10 to 14 hours a day. • Work week may not exceed 70 hours   • Some overnight or out of town travel may be required. • Basic math and vocabulary - reading and writing • Ability to work well under pressure and deal tactfully with others. • Familiar with DOT Regulations • Experience in a team-oriented work groups. • Able to conform to shifting priorities, responsibilities, strategies, demands and timelines. • Strong personal and customer service skills.  Good communication skills, verbal and written. • Ability to effectively prioritize, multi-task, manage time, organize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment.  Essential Duties & Responsibilities   • 1Conduct pre/post trip inspections of trucks and trailers, including the checking of tire pressures. • 2Properly couple or uncouples combination units if equipment includes combination units • 3Properly places the commercial vehicle in operation • 4Properly uses the commercial motor vehicle’s controls and emergency equipment • 5Operates the commercial motor vehicle in traffic and while passing other motor vehicles • 6Use proper turning procedures while maneuvering the commercial vehicle • 7Properly brakes and slows the commercial motor vehicle by means other than braking • 8Properly Backs and parks the commercial motor vehicle • Properly follows all DOT regulations, procedures and policies • Accurately completes paperwork in a timely manner • Proper use of safety equipment • Responsible for safe and efficient loading and unloading of fuels, lubes and chemicals at our customer’s location(s).   • Follow the policies and procedures of our Customer’s operations and site • Some mechanical and electrical aptitude • Willingness to comply with company and customer safety rules • Be able to present a professional appearance and attitude. Abide by the company Dress policy. • Follow the Company’s accident and incident reporting procedures for any accident or spill on company property or third party’s property. • Prior to doing a task, review procedures to determine the safest way of completing the task before conducting the task. • Be aware of your surroundings at all times. • Must have and retain carding at designated racks. • Follow proper designated routes to your destination. • Keep the interior of the cab clean and free of clutter. • Help maintain the exterior of the Transport, reporting any problems or issues and keep it clean. • Use caution when maneuvering on and around the truck, platforms and tank at all times. • Stay with the truck and equipment when loading and unloading - be visual and alert and do not become distracted from what you are doing. • No smoking in or within 25’ of the vehicle or loading area according to DOT regulations.  • Follows all Haul Safe, Defensive Driving and Emergency and Evasive Maneuvering procedures and policies. • When off loading to a tank, checks tank for proper ventilation, if it is pressurized, discharge caps, valves/connections, and emergency shut off valves. • When off loading, checks tank to see if correct product will fit before unloading.  Ensures the use of the right connections, and double checks to avoid product contamination or spills. • If delivering to an H2S customer location/site, driver must be clean shaven to abide by the customer’s required safety policy that would require the wearing of a respirator in the event of an emergency. • Carry their current medical card while on duty. • Follow all posted speed limits and maintain a safe speed including during inclement weather • Able to conduct minor repairs (headlights, clearance lights, equipment malfunction). • Helps the team keep warehouse, loading/off loading areas, office and yard clean. • Attends and participates in safety meetings, tailgate meetings and all business meetings even on scheduled days off. • If a situation arises and a driver is unable to drive, they can be assigned to do other tasks other than driving (i.e. answering the phone, filing, inventory, dispatching, paint tanks, help the warehouse person) • The Transport Driver may be asked to participate in any other related task or activity in which management determines his/her skills would be useful or needed.    Work Conditions   • Must be able to safely enter the cab of truck, even when surfaces are slick. • Physically able to lift up to 80 lbs. frequently • Physically able to push/pull up to 150 lbs. frequently • Physically able to sit and/or drive for long periods of time • Physically able to climb a ladder • Ability to work in and around chemicals and fuels • Sitting or standing for extended periods of time. • Ability to work with noise of engines, drilling rigs, pumps and equipment • Able to stoop, bend, conduct work overhead for extended periods of time. • Dexterity of hands and fingers • Ability to work under adverse weather conditions: rain, fog, ice, snow, wind and temperatures ranging from 10o to 100o+.






2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job licence-needed