Qdoba Mexican Grill is a chain of fast casual Mexican restaurants located in 20 states.  Qdoba is a wholly owned subsidiary of Jack in the Box and is based in Denver, Colorado.  Currently, there are over 550 Qdoba restaurants across the country and we are bringing our great tastes to the Casper, Wyoming.  At Qdoba we create items on our menu with fresh bold flavors using high quality ingredients and uniquely blended traditional Mexican flavors. As a customer, you can watch as we prepare your order according to your individual taste preferences and prepare everything right in front of you. Each of our menu offerings are made with fresh ingredients and our salsas and guacamole are made in-house.  At Qdoba, WE LOVE FOOD!   If you love food, start your career here.   Pay $8-9 per hour plus tips potential   *Great Driving Record a MUST ! ! !  *Strong interpersonal and communication skills    *Demonstrated ability to develop new business opportunities    *Willing to drive and maintain vehicle in a safe and highly responsible fashion    *Ability to hold yourself accountable and achieve goals with limited direct supervision    *Ability to work well under pressure, handle multiple caterings  *Ability to promptly follow up with leads and customers    *Comfortable working in an emerging-growth company environment    *Must be able to multi-task    *Excellent organizational skills including the ability to plan to achieve results    *Strong research skills required (conventional and Internet)    *Business coursework or equivalent experience in marketing preferred    *Willing to work a flexible schedule, including nights and weekends    *Customer-friendly demeanor    *High School degree or equivalent experience in operations management    *Two years experience managing marketing projects strongly preferred    *Fluent English-speaking and writing skills    *Neat, clean, and professional appearance    Competitive Wages   Annual Performance Based Pay Increases   Flexible Work Schedule   Meals Discounts






hourly-wage 2-4-years-experience-needed