We are Kuapay, Inc. and we are leading the mobile payment revolution. By developing an app for both merchants and consumers, we have created the easiest and most secure method to make payments using your smartphone.  So, how does it work? It's easy. Kuapay provides a mobile device to merchants that acts as the Kuapay POS. Consumers who have downloaded Kuapay are then able to pay at these merchants using their smartphone.  As we are quickly growing, we're looking to build our sales team in order to spread our merchant database. So ask yourself: do you have a passion for people? Do you have the energy, confidence, and positive attitude needed to be a successful salesperson? If yes -- this job could be the right fit for you.  *JOB TITLE* Sales Analyst  *JOB SUMMARY* We are looking for salespeople to develop relationships with merchants in order to spread the adoption of Kuapay.  *JOB DUTIES* • Solicit merchants via cold calling and in person on a daily basis. • Meet set sales goals by generating leads and closing. • Create and maintain relationships with merchants. • Go out to promote Kuapay to merchants and consumers at marketing events. Some evening and weekend hours are required. • Demonstrate the Kuapay mobile payment system to merchants. • Provide technical support and customer service to merchants. • Maintain merchant account information using our Customer Relationship Management System (CRM). • Perform other related duties as assigned or requested.  *QUALIFICATIONS* • Demonstrated sales and/or customer service experience. • Tech savvy and familiarity with mobile devices (i.e. iPhone, iPod Touch, Android, Blackberry). • Ability to thrive within a team environment. • Must be honest, friendly, self-driven, results-oriented, and maintain a positive attitude! • Must be willing to travel daily. • Must have reliable transportation and a clean driving record. • College degree preferred.  *SKILLS* • Excellent written and verbal communication skills. • Outstanding interpersonal skills to maintain relationships. • Ability to maintain a positive attitude despite the inevitable \"no thanks\" that sales reps hear on a daily basis. • Ability to problem-solve and prioritize in a fast-paced environment. • Ability to multi-task and manage time well. • Knowledge of basic computer programs including but not limited to Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint.  *WORK ENVIRONMENT* We like to keep our office fun and casual while working hard to get our jobs done. We are an exciting company to work for, and we're looking for loyal people who are willing to put in the time and work to grow with us.  *COMPENSATION* $40k Salary + $10k Bonus Potential + Benefits  To search all open jobs at Kuapay, visit www.example.com.  For more information about Kuapay, visit www.example.com. We look forward to hearing from you!






salary