*Bored of your job? Looking to take on a challenge and work for an exciting company? Kuapay could be the right fit!*  With offices in Santa Monica, New York, Madrid, and Santiago (with more on the way), Kuapay is the leader in the international mobile payments industry. We offer an innovative and free app you can download to your smartphone and use to pay with at any business that accepts Kuapay.  As we are quickly growing, we’re looking to build our sales team in order to spread our merchant database. So ask yourself: Do you have a passion for people?  Do you have the energy, confidence, and positive attitude needed to be a successful salesperson? If yes – this job could be the right fit for you.  *Your job duties:* • Solicit merchants via cold calling and in person on a daily basis. • Meet set sales goals by generating leads and closing. • Create and maintain relationships with merchants. • Go out to promote Kuapay to merchants and consumers at marketing events. Some evening and weekend hours are required. • Demonstrate the Kuapay mobile payment system to merchants. • Provide technical support and customer service to merchants. • Maintain merchant account information using our Customer Relationship Management System (CRM). • Perform other related duties as assigned or requested.   *Qualifications you should possess:* • 1-3 years of demonstrated sales and/or customer service experience. • Tech savvy and familiarity with mobile devices (i.e. iPhone, iPod Touch, Android, Blackberry). • Ability to thrive within a team environment. • Must be honest, friendly, self-driven, results-oriented, and maintain a positive attitude! • Must be willing to travel daily. • Must have reliable transportation and a clean driving record. • College degree preferred.   *Skills that are helpful:* • Excellent written and verbal communication skills. • Outstanding interpersonal skills to maintain relationships. • Ability to maintain a positive attitude despite the inevitable “no thanks” that sales reps hear on a daily basis. • Ability to problem-solve and prioritize in a fast-paced environment. • Ability to multi-task and manage time well. • Knowledge of basic computer programs including but not limited to Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint.  *Why you should work for us:* Our work environment is friendly and easygoing with a strong emphasis on hard work, proven ability, and loyalty. We like to think of our employees as part of our international Kuapay family, and we’re looking for people who enjoy being part of a team. If that isn't enough, employees also have the opportunity to work with our established CEO who founded and consequently sold Tuenti.com, the Spanish equivalent to Facebook. And - you can do this all while drinking a beverage from our complimentary Coca Cola fridge.  *Compensation:* This is a full-time position offered at $40,000 per year. There is potential for up to $10,000 in bonuses over one year if you are able to meet set sales goals. We also offer health benefits and for the right people, the opportunity to grow and succeed with the company.  *To apply:* Please email your resume with an explanation as to why you would be the next sales star for Kuapay. We look forward to hearing from you!






1-year-experience-needed salary full-time-job