Etherios (www.example.com) is a rapidly growing cloud computing consultancy and software development company specializing in salesforce.com and the Force.com platform.  We design, develop and deploy simple to highly complex cloud-based implementations, customization and integrations.  We seek highly motivated, intellectually curious individuals who are eager to build outstanding careers with like-minded cloud computing professionals.  *Responsibilities*   * Managing a consulting practice of enterprise technical consultants across all required business functions for delivering enterprise force.com-based implementations * Implementing & supporting implementation methodologies, cross-functional engagement such as pre-sales or corporate marketing to sustain rapid growth within the organization and force.com delivery practice * Report directly to the global delivery lead, and collaborating with the CTO to identify & execute on strategies designed to meet & exceed organizational goals * Providing thought leadership to Sales, Delivery and Partner teams in the Force.com Platform to deliver Customer success.  Working on cross-function teams to drive sales, adoption and enablement activities within Etherios and our customer base. * Developing assets (tools, methodologies, presentations, blogs, etc.) that can be leveraged during the pre-sales and post-sales processes by our sales and consulting organizations. * Providing expertise to help Account Teams as they craft and deliver a compelling Social Enterprise vision, through presentations, demonstrations, pilots and POCs. * Providing advice in respect to application and integration development best practices, Enterprise Architecture standards, functional and technical solution architecture & design, environment management, testing, and Force.com Platform education. * Leading and mentoring other team members in managing customer expectations, leveraging relationships with executive management or external resources and appropriately engaging them when needed. * Identifying and leading internal strategic initiatives to grow the consulting practice, leveraging junior teammates to achieve individual as well as team growth; serving as an active contributor to the practice knowledge and resource base; mentor, educate, and enrich technical and non-technical salesforce.com, customer and partner colleagues. * Building relationships with business partners, internal and external, and contributing to broader goals and growth beyond the scope of a single customer engagement.  *Required Skills*   * 8+ years of enterprise consulting experience, including implementation experience with one or more common enterprise software solutions (e.g. CRM, ERP), filling positions of increasing responsibility and management of more junior technical resources; experience with Waterfall and/or Agile implementation methodologies. * 4+ years experience as a Technical Architect in a mid to large sized organizations. * 2+ years experience delivering force.com-based solutions to mid to large sized organizations. * Proven ability to analyze, design, and optimize business processes via technology and integration, including leadership in guiding customers and colleagues in rationalizing and deploying emerging technology for business use cases with the ability to garner support for ideas and selling them to both internal and external constituents. * A thorough understanding of Web Services, data modeling, security, configuration and enterprise application integration concepts, including experience with Enterprise Integration tools such as ESBs and/or ETL tools, and common design patterns with specific boundary systems (e.g. CMS, ERP, HRIS, DWH/DM). * Demonstrably excellent, context-specific communication and presentation skills across a variety of audiences and situations, including CxO and other executives; established habit of proactivity and ability to self-start/learn/manage across a wide variety of disciplines. * Team player with strong listening and interpersonal skills; strong desire to take on constructive feedback/coaching and make definitive changes; self-awareness and the ability to adapt communication and interaction styles to best suit an audience, situation, or desired outcome. * Detail and quality oriented individual with the ability to rapidly learn and take advantage of new concepts, business models, and technologies. * Demonstrated desire and action in learning new technologies and staying current on existing ones, pursuing experience and certifications in leading edge or primary technology areas. * Polished public speaker with the ability to evangelize best practices at various levels within a large organization. * Travel regularly (average of 50%), but may be higher or lower based on the client engagement.   *Desired Skills*   * Certified Force.com Technical Architect * Certified Force.com Advanced Developer * Big 5 consulting experience






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed