Are you looking for a company that will provide a real opportunity for career advancement? Superior Linen Service, Inc. is looking for CSR’s to join our company in the Northwest Arkansas Area.  Superior Linen Service is a leading provider of Linen, Uniforms, Facility Services and Specialty Healthcare since 1954. Superior Linen has three production plants and 5 Depot Branch’s serving over 4000 customers in our area. Superior Linen has been recognized by Inc.Com 5000 Fastest Growing Companies in America. At Superior we believe in protecting the environment, so we provide eco-friendly product options for cleaner and healthier workplace.  In this career you will:  Job Function:  The Route Supervisor will manage all routes, while standing in for any Customer Service Representative that may be absent or on vacation. They will perform the same duties as a Customer Service Representative but in a supervisory role.  Job Incentives:  • This job will provide you an active lifestyle that can keep you in shape. • You’ll get to work outside in different surroundings, not stuck at a desk all day • You’ll be able to work independently and not have the need for constant supervision. • We have newer trucks that are comfortable and safe • Very stable career. The textile industry has been around for over 100 years and has no threat of being outsourced to another country. • You’ll get a schedule that stays fairly regular. Monday through Friday. Usually no late night or weekend calls.    Essential Job Responsibilities:  • Solicit new Customer, up-sell/cross-sell/sample all lines of service or products to accounts for profitability. • Actively participate in promotions and contest, training and inventory audits. • Ensure customer loyalty and outstanding customer service. Build relationships, communicate openly.  • Safely operate vehicle at all times and in a courteous way. • Load and unload truck at beginning and end of each day. • Ensure timely and correct deliveries to customers pick up soiled linen and maintain proper inventories in accounts. Maintain all Facility Service products for each account. • Accurately prepare route paper work using Hand Held device for logging invoices. • Monitor and report competitive activity and turn in prospective leads to our Sales team.   Qualifications:  • Have and maintain a valid Driver’s License • Have and maintain a driving record free of chargeable accidents and excessive traffic violations. • Demonstrate skills in operation of vehicle and preferable minimum one year experience of safe driving. • Excellent verbal and written communication skills, ability to comprehend and follow direction, as well as good management skills and be a team player. • Recognize colors, sizes and add and subtract accurately. • Drug and Alcohol Free Work Place  • Must be able to pass a DOT physical   We are an EEOC company and welcome all applicants!






