EXPERIENCED WELDERS NEEDED! RIDGELAND, SC  DRUGS DO NOT WORK HERE AND THERE IS FREQUENT TESTING  TICO is an established (since 1946) privately-owned, equipment logistics solutions and terminal equipment company with locations up and down the Eastern seaboard. In addition, we have an assembly plant right here in Ridgeland, SC.  We are family-owned with a family feel and are probably one of Ridgeland's best kept secrets!  We have immediate openings for EXPERIENCED WELDERS with at least 3-5 years of experience to be part of our Team at our Ridgeland SC assembly/manufacturing facility.  In this full-time position, you will be assembling terminal tractors (jockey trucks) or occasionally a trailer or other equipments.  You will weld in a production team environment utilizing mig, oxylacet, and acetylene welding equipment, torch, plasma cutters, and other hand, power, and measuring tools to construct terminal tractors and trailer parts and assemblies per blueprints, schematic drawings, and/or specs under limited supervision.  Ideally, you are the type of person who has an excellent work ethic, understands safety rules and follows them explicity. The ideal candidate would have experience and gets along well with his colleagues.    We need honest, enthusiastic team players who are willing to put in an honest day's work and the ideal candidate will have had experience doing this very same thing.   SO --  If you feel like you may be a match, please consider this opportunity and apply today.       Due to the nature of our business, please review the following requirements before you apply as these requirements are not negotiable so please do not apply if you have a disqualification-there will be no exceptions---period):   DRUGS DO NOT WORK HERE AND THERE IS FREQUENT TESTING  * Clean Criminal Background  * Good Work History with Complete Information  * Pre-Employment Drug Screen  * Regular Random Drug Screens  We offer excellent pay & benefits based upon skills, ability & experience.   * health insurance * dental insurance * profit-sharing * company-paid life insurance * 401(k) with 50% matching plan * paid uniforms (we clean the uniforms too!!) * paid vacation/holiday/sick time * AFLAC options * STD bank/LTD * Flexible Spending Account * annual company picnic   APPLY NOW or fax your resume to  XXX  at or reply via email within.   PLEASE PROVIDE YOUR WORK HISTORY IN ORDER TO BE CONSIDERED.  Equal Opportunity Employer 






full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed