Microsoft Dynamics CRM Consultant   Qortex has an opportunity for an experienced Microsoft Dynamics CRM consultant who shares our passion for delivering superior service to clients. The ideal candidate will be a team player who has in-depth knowledge of the Microsoft Dynamics CRM applications and enable our clients to achieve immediate and long-term return on their CRM investments. Candidate will have experience in evaluating business processes and cultivating requirements into a CRM solution that maximizes the best practice uses of deploying Microsoft Dynamics CRM. Our consultants provide value to our clients and for this position; a consultant must demonstrate their technical experience and depth in designing, developing, and deploying Microsoft Dynamics CRM 4.0 or CRM 2011. The position will involve interaction with multiple clients, quickly prototyping targeted solutions while identifying and building common elements into a suite of products; tenacious and motivated individuals are encouraged to apply. ​   Duties:  •Participates in every aspect of the implementation from analyzing the customer*s business requirements to configuring the Microsoft Dynamics CRM applications to meet the customer*s needs.  •Collaborates with stakeholders throughout the organization to ensure a comprehensive set of requirements, aligned to business objectives, gaining full understanding of current business processes.  •Provides in-depth knowledge of the Microsoft Dynamics CRM applications and evaluates the customer*s business processes against the standard Microsoft Dynamics CRM functionality.  •Demonstrates experience in use of the prescribed Microsoft Dynamics CRM implementation methodology, Sure Step; understands the key activities and deliverables for the client engagement and internal projects.  •Responsible for documenting the business requirements which express what actions a solution must take and what outcome is expected.  •Responsible for configuring and customizing the Microsoft Dynamics CRM applications to achieve the customer*s business requirements.  •Facilitates the customer*s decision-making process and develops the functional design document that will drive the development process (if modifications/customizations are required, either to processes or to the Microsoft Dynamics CRM applications.)  •Responsible for conducting acceptance testing and training customer resources to successfully use and maintain the Microsoft Dynamics CRM applications.  •Prefer industry experience and understanding of the challenges and risks when implementing vertical applications   ​  Qualifications:   Education or Formal Training:  •Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, information systems or related area preferred  •Project and Development Management training desired  •Microsoft Dynamics CRM certification is highly desired   Experience:  •2+ years of Microsoft Dynamics CRM development experience  •An exceptional understanding of the Microsoft Dynamics CRM platform with proven ability to design and develop sales, marketing, service and custom applications  •Excellent written and oral communication skills  •Analyze and understand business problems  •Model data and processes  •Conduct workshops and training sessions  •Plan and carry out system and user acceptance testing  •Familiar and experienced in Core application functionality and Implementation Methodology  •Analyzing Information, Documentation, Software Testing, Problem Solving, Teamwork, Software Development Fundamentals, Software Development Process, Software Requirements  •Strong ability to assist clients with business requirements for their CRM-based solutions and create the appropriate process, workflows, configuration, development and integrated solution approach  •Ability to work within a software development lifecycle, including analysis, design, configuring, programming and unit testing   Required Skills:  •Experience developing in Microsoft Dynamics CRM 4.0 or CRM 2011, ASP.NET, C# .NET  •Related Microsoft technologies such as Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft Exchange Server, Microsoft .NET, Microsoft Office SharePoint Portal Server, Microsoft BizTalk Server  •QL development Fundamentals (Stored Procedures, Triggers, Views, Functions)  •Experience with Javascript, Silverlight, SSRS desired  *Salaried employees enjoy the following benefits:* Competitive compensation Medical, dental and prescription drug benefits  Paid Time Off Company-paid life insurance Flex time policy Continuing education Performance incentives and rewards Company-sponsored social events Relocation assistance available to qualified candidates    ​ _ Must be authorized to work in the U.S. Principals Only.  An Equal Opportunity Employer_       .  © 2012, Qortex, LLC, All Rights Reserved   5600 S. Quebec St., Suite 110D, Greenwood Village, CO 80111 •  XXX  •  XXX  • Fax:  XXX        






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed salary