MUST apply online at www.example.com    Job Summary:  Directly responsible to the Division Operating Officer for all elements of the operation of the programs in the Region; for attention to health and welfare of the people served; for the implementation of fiscal, environmental, and programmatic procedures to ensure compliance with applicable governmental regulations.  Performs all duties in accordance with the philosophy of the Bethesda Lutheran Communities, Inc., Board of Directors, as expressed in policies, philosophies, and bylaws.    Essential Job Functions:  • Directs the development of regional strategic and business plans consistent with the established mission, vision, core values and strategic plan of the organization, and ensures their proper execution.    • Participates in the development of the organization's strategic plan.   • Develops annual budgets and provides firm budget management to maintain costs and reduce loss from operations.  • Evaluates need and recommend opportunities for business development and expansion in the region.     • Provides leadership to ensure best utilization of resources in obtaining corporate and regional goals, regulatory compliance, compliance with corporate and regional policies and to ensure the needs of the individuals served are met.    • Establishes and maintains positive relationships with local and state government, community leaders, pastors, congregations, county social service personnel, professional associations and other service providers as necessary in the overall management of the region.  • Engages in other outside activities consistent with the organization's responsibilities in the community and the industry.     • Creates, executes, and interprets regional policies.   • Reviews and evaluates the total regional performance on a continuing basis and provides direction for modification of systems and/or implementation of new systems.    • Anticipate and effectively deal with issues that could enhance the region's opportunities or adversley impact business results.    • Support, communicate, reinforce, and defend the mission, vision, values, philosophy and culture of the organization.  • Mentor, guide and coach direct reports in order to expand their capabilities and build management depth in the organization.      Supervisory Responsibilities:  • Directly resonsible for director level professionals in the region as well as clerical and other professional regional direct reports    Minimum Job Qualifications  Education and/or Experience:  A Master's degree preferred or Bachelor's from an accredited program in administration, psychology, education, social work, special education, vocational rehabilitation, counseling, or a closely related field. At least four years of experience in service provision to people with developmental disabilities at a management level. At least three years of experience in business management or personnel supervision is preferred.    Certificates, Licenses or Registrations:  Must have a valid driver's license and clear driving record; must have cleared and approved criminal background check; must have legal status in the U.S.; Nursing Home Administrator's license may be required.    Physical Demands:  Must have ability to travel throughout region and the organization as required.    Other Competencies (skills, abilities, behaviors):  • Knowledge about local, state, and federal laws and regulations pertaining to    service provision to persons with developmental disabilities.   • Effective communication skills, both verbal and written  • Ability to evaluate statistical data;   • Knowledge of developmental disabilites and methods of programming;   • Must be team oriented, well organized and decisive.   • Political awareness  • Action and results orientation is required.  • Ability to manage multiple projects  • Must have exceptional analytical, problem identification and problem solving skills.  • Must possess a commitment to the belief that all people have the right to dignity, respect, opportunity and full community inclusion.  • Must have a philosophy that is consistent with the Mission, Vision, and Core Values of the organization  






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed