With a team of more than seventy dedicated physicians, Premier Medical Associates is the largest multi-specialty physician practice in the Greater Pittsburgh area. The company is focused on being a leader in the delivery of efficient, high quality care which drives down healthcare costs and improves patient outcomes.  Today, Premier touches the lives of more than 100,000 patients in 10 convenient locations in the eastern suburbs of Pittsburgh, with specialties that include asthma / allergy / immunology, behavioral health, cardiology, family medicine, gastroenterology, general and breast surgery, hospitalists, internal medicine, neurology, pediatrics, podiatry, orthopedics, radiology and sleep medicine.  Responsibilities:  Transcribe written descriptions of medical conditions and procedures into alpha-numeric codes using ICD-9-CM (International Classification of Diseases) and CPT-4 (Current Procedural Terminology) coding manuals for outpatient procedures and procedures that take place in physicians’ offices. Interpret the diagnosis, treatment and procedures in a patient's record and assigns the proper procedural and diagnostic codes for billing purposes and insurance reimbursement. Provide consistency in reporting medical information and assist medical personnel, insurance providers and researchers in sharing records. Review medical records and extract information to which you apply medical codes that identify diagnoses, procedures and treatments. Make independent decisions based on your knowledge of medical coding standards, reimbursement policies, and regulatory requirements. Communicate with patients, medical personnel, insurance providers and medical facility management. Explain coding policy and resolve issues related to coding and billing through telephone, email and written correspondence. Lead the implementation of ICD-10 in a multi-specialty environment. Utilize office equipment and software programs to enter medical coding data. Manage files and records and maintain proper handling of medical records, including compliance with HIPAA (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act) regulations for confidentiality. Work independently, prioritizing your work, meeting deadlines and maintaining consistent production in a busy environment with frequent interruptions. This position requires a high level of organization, attention to detail and accuracy.  Requirements:  Must have at least 3 years experience as a nationally certified coder. Must exhibit time management, organizational, verbal and written communication skills. Must have a working knowledge of PC operations and computer software applications. Prior experience with coding outpatient procedures required.






2-4-years-experience-needed licence-needed supervising-job