This position plays a key role in the analysis and reporting of data for the entire physician revenue cycle.  As a Business Analyst you will support daily billing operations, insurance reimbursement optimization, claim denial reduction efforts, and the development of business intelligence dashboards.  Additionally, this position is responsible for applying process knowledge in order to drive improvements in overall financial and clinical performance.  Duties and Responsibilities:  Compile and maintain detailed physician billing and reimbursement metrics that can be used for daily operational billing management and to identify trends. Set up, maintenance, and ownership of the contract management and analysis system in order to maximize current and future payer reimbursement. Daily support of Payment Posting operations which includes but is not limited to cash balancing, remittance advice troubleshooting, and contacting payers, the bank, or internal finance department. Ad hoc practice management and call center reporting as requested. Support process practice management and call center optimization through data extraction, analysis, report compilation, and communication of results. Assistance in the identification, development, and implementation of process automation in order to drive process quality and reduce costs. Lead special projects specifically within the physician billing department but also throughout the entire organization when necessary. Other duties as assigned.  Qualifications:  Bachelor’s degree in finance, business, health care management, or other related field. Two years of relevant financial analysis and reporting. Strong computer skills with an advanced knowledge of database querying – preferably via Microsoft Access, data analysis and presentation via Microsoft Excel, and report preparation using Crystal Reports. Ability to interpret and summarize results of various analyses in a timely and meaningful way. Project management skills. Must be detail-oriented with a heavy customer service focus. Process improvement skills such as Six Sigma and/or Lean Manufacturing are desired. An understanding of physician revenue cycle and practice management concepts including appointment scheduling, coding, charge entry, AR management, and cash application is strongly preferred. Experience with data warehouses or database design and development skills would be beneficial.






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed