With a team of more than seventy dedicated physicians, Premier Medical Associates is the largest multi-specialty physician practice in the Greater Pittsburgh area. The company is focused on being a leader in the delivery of efficient, high quality care which drives down healthcare costs and improves patient outcomes.  Today, Premier touches the lives of more than 100,000 patients in 10 convenient locations in the eastern suburbs of Pittsburgh, with specialties that include asthma / allergy / immunology, behavioral health, cardiology, family medicine, gastroenterology, general and breast surgery, hospitalists, internal medicine, neurology, pediatrics, podiatry, orthopedics, radiology and sleep medicine.  Responsibilities:  Contribute to physician's effectiveness by identifying short-term and long-range patient care issues that must be addressed; providing information and commentary pertinent to deliberations; recommending options and courses of action; implementing physician directives. Assess patient health by interviewing patients; performing physical examinations; obtaining, updating, and studying medical histories. Determine abnormal conditions by administering or ordering diagnostic tests, such as x-rays, electrocardiograms, and laboratory studies; interpreting test results. Document patient care services by charting in patient and department records. Perform therapeutic procedures by administering injections and immunizations; suturing; managing wounds and infections. Instruct and counsel patients by describing therapeutic regimens; giving normal growth and development information; discussing family planning; providing counseling on emotional problems of daily living; promoting wellness and health maintenance. Provide continuity of care by developing and implementing patient management plans. Maintain safe and clean working environment by complying with procedures, rules, and regulations. Protect patients and employees by adhering to infection-control policies and protocols. Comply with federal, state, and local legal and professional requirements by studying existing and new legislation; anticipating future legislation; enforcing adherence to requirements; advising management on needed actions. Maintain professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies. Develop health care team staff by providing information, educational opportunities, and experiential growth opportunities.  Requirements:  Must be a licensed Physician’s Assistant and have at least 2 years of experience working in the specialty you are supporting.    Openings in Orthopedics, Pediatrics, Cardiology, and our Hospitalist Program






2-4-years-experience-needed licence-needed supervising-job