Royal Tire, Hwy 10, St. Cloud, MN    Join the Royal Tire Team! We are a leader in providing tire and related services to commercial and retail customers in the Upper Midwest, with 300+ employees and 25+ locations. Our mission is to exceed the expectations of our guests, customers, and community every day.     We are seeking caring, optimistic, passionate, systems-driven candidates that want to contribute to growth. We are now hiring for full-time or part-time AUTO TIRE/LUBE TECH at our Royal Tire location on Hwy 10 in St. Cloud, Minnesota. This position is responsible for performing tire related services for customers in a professional and efficient fashion. This position requires HS (or GED) and a valid driving license,acceptable driving record, and the ability to pass a drug test. Candidates with tire-related experience are strongly encouraged to apply!    We offer competitive compensation, growth opportunities, tuition reimbursement, employee discounts, and more. Full-time employees are also eligilble for insurance benefits.     For more information about these positions, contact Wayn Rogers, Retail Store Manager at  XXX     If you are interested in applying with us, visit www.example.com, select About Us, click on Employment Opportunities, and complete the Employment Application.     Royal Tire is an equal opportunity employer. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.    *THIS POSITION REQUIRES A VALID DRIVER'S LICENSE AND A GOOD DRIVING RECORD. IF YOU CHOOSE TO APPLY FOR THIS POSITION, PLEASE INCLUDE YOUR DRIVER'S LICENSE NUMBER IN THE \"MESSAGE\" AREA. THANK YOU!    JOB DESCRIPTION: AUTO TIRE/LUBE TECH    HOURS: Variable shifts    JOB SUMMARY: The Auto Tire/Lube Technician is responsible for performing tire related services for customers in a professional and efficient fashion. This position requires HS (or GED) and a valid driving license with a acceptable driving record. This position will adhere to and promote the Royal Tire mission.     ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES:    Performs tire related services, i.e. installing new tires and rims, and repairing tires, etc. in a professional manner.  Performs lube oil filter services in a professional manner.  Performs vehicle inspections as required.  Recommends tires, parts and services to service manager for customers as required.  Inspects, tags and prices used tires for resale.  Maintains equipment in good working condition.  Maintains the work area in a safe, clean and organized manner.  Completes work orders accurately.    NON-ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES  Performs related work as required.    PHYSICAL DEMANDS:  The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential function of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.    Moving Objects-Approximately 90% of the time  Noise-Approximately 90% of the time  Vibration-Approximately 10% of the time  Odors/fumes-Approximately 90% of the time  Dust-Approximately 90% of the time  Public Contact-Approximately 15% of the time  Heights-Approximately 10% of the time  Hazardous Waste-Approximately 50% of the time  Chemicals-Approximately 50% of the time  Sitting-Approximately 10% of the time  Standing-Approximately 90% of the time  Walking-Approximately 90% of the time  Bending/Stooping-Occasionally  Kneel-Occasionally  Squatting-Frequently  Reach above shoulder level-Occasionally  Push/Pull-Occasionally  Crouch-Occasionally  Lifting up to 50 pounds-Frequently  Verbal communication-Frequently  Written communication- Occasionally  Hearing normal conversation-Frequently  Sight, including near acuity-Continuously  Far acuity, depth perception, full field of vision and distinguishing colors-Occasionally






