Join the Royal Tire Team!    Royal Tire, Inc. is a leader in providing tire and related services to commercial and retail customers in the Upper Midwest, with 300 employees and 25+ locations. Our mission is to exceed the expectations of our guests, customers, and community every day.     We are now hiring for a TIRE MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN II. This position is responsible for performing tire related services, including alignments, and other basic mechanical duties on passenger, truck, farm equipment, and other commercial vehicles. Tires services are performed in our service shop and on-site with our mobile service truck. Requires a High School diploma (or GED) and one year of related experience. Must have a valid driver's license, acceptable driving record, be able to obtain DOT Medical Card and pass the pre-employment drug test.    We offer competitive compensation, future career growth opportunities, and a comprehensive benefit package (including medical/dental insurance, paid time off, merchandise discounts, 401k and more).    EEO/AA    *THIS POSITION REQUIRES A VALID DRIVER'S LICENSE AND A GOOD DRIVING RECORD. IF YOU CHOOSE TO APPLY FOR THIS POSITION, PLEASE INCLUDE YOUR DRIVER'S LICENSE NUMBER IN THE \"MESSAGE\" AREA. THANK YOU!    JOB DESCRIPTION FOR TIRE MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN II    JOB SUMMARY:   The Tire Maintenance Technician is responsible for performing tire related services for customers in a professional and efficient fashion. Will be responsible for services done at the store and will not be required to go on service calls. This position will adhere to, and promote, the Royal Tire mission. He/she will operate within the confines of the core company values while contributing to the success of their functional team.    ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES:  1. Performs tire related services, i.e. installs new tires, repairs tires, etc. in a professional manner.  2. Performs mechanical service i.e. installs parts, performs diagnosis in a professional manner.  3. Performs vehicle inspections as required.  4. Sells tires, parts, and services to customers as required.  5. Salvages, inspects, tags and prices used tires for resale.  6. Maintains equipment and vehicles in good working condition.  7. Maintains the work area in a safe, clean and organized manner.  8. Completes all related paperwork and forms accurately.  9. Performs related Tire Center work as required i.e. assists in counter sales and answering telephone, deliveries, and etc.  10. Keeps informed of current training to insure customers receive the best sales/service possible.  11. Promotes a positive image of Royal Tire in the community.    NON-ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES  12. Performs related work as required.    PHYSICAL DEMANDS:  The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential function of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.    Moving Objects-Approximately 80% of the time  Noise-Approximately 90% of the time  Vibration-Approximately 50% of the time  Odor/Fumes-Approximately 90% of the time  Dust-Approximately 90% of the time  Standing-Approximately 90% of the time  Walking-Approximately 100% of the time  Bending/Stooping-Continuously  Kneeling-Frequently  Squatting-Continuously  Reaching above shoulder level-Occasionally  Push/Pull-Continuously  Crouch-Continuously  Lifting up to 100 Pounds-Frequently  Verbal Communication-Frequently  Written Communication-Occasionally  Hearing Normal Conversation-Frequently  Sight, including near acuity-Continuously  Far acuity, depth perception, full field of vision and distinguishing colors-Occasionally






1-year-experience-needed