Join the Royal Tire Team!  We are a leader in providing tire and related services to commercial and retail customers in the Upper Midwest, with 300+ employees and 25+ locations. Our mission is to exceed the expectations of our guests, customers, and community every day.   We are now hiring for the position of Distribution Specialist for our Rochester location.  This position is responsible for preparing merchandise for shipping, receiving incoming merchandise, and maintaining the Distribution Center in a clean and organized manner.   The qualified candidate must be detail-oriented, safety conscious, and work well with others.  In addition, the candidate must pass a pre-employment physical and drug test and have a valid driver's license with an acceptable driving record.  Must be 18+ and be available to work variable day and afternoon hours.    We offer competitive compensation, growth opportunities, health insurance, tuition reimbursement, employee discounts, and more. If you are interested in applying with us, visit www.example.com, select About Us, click on Employment Opportunities, and complete the Employment Application.   EEO/AA Employer  *THIS POSITION REQUIRES A VALID DRIVER'S LICENSE AND A GOOD DRIVING RECORD. IF YOU CHOOSE TO APPLY FOR THIS POSITION, PLEASE INCLUDE YOUR DRIVER'S LICENSE NUMBER IN THE \"MESSAGE\" AREA. THANK YOU!     JOB DESCRIPTION FOR DISTRIBUTION SPECIALIST  JOB SUMMARY:   The Distribution Specialist is responsible for preparing merchandise for shipping, receiving incoming merchandise and maintaining the distribution center in a clean and organized manner.  This position will adhere to and promote the Royal Tire mission.  He/she will operate within the confines of the core company values while contributing to the success of their functional team.  REQUIREMENTS:      Requires HS (or GED) and a Valid Driver’s License with acceptable driving record.  Certification to  drive forklift  ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES:  Treat all co-workers, customers, and vendors with dignity and respect. Unloads merchandise from incoming shipments and maintains accurate records. Assist in warehouse inventory control, ordering cap and casing stock. Assists all salespeople and route drivers in loading trucks in an efficient and accurate manner. Pulls orders, prepares and tags merchandise to be shipped. Assist in maintaining material handling equipment to ensure proper working condition. Maintains the Distribution Center in a clean and organized manner. Stocks merchandise in a safe & organized manner.  Keeps bins full, accurate, and records material surplus. Assists internal & external customers with orders, exemplifying Royal Tire’s commitment to outstanding customer service.  NON-ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES  Performs related work as required.  PHYSICAL DEMANDS:  The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential function of this job.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  Extreme Heat-Approximately 50% of the time Extreme Cold-Approximately 50% of the time Dust-Approximately 50% of the time Standing/Walking-Approximately 100% of the time Poor Lighting-Approximately 20% of the time Bending/Stooping-Continuously Squatting-Continuously Climbing Heights-Frequently Reaching above shoulder level-Frequently Push/Pull-Continuously Lifting up to 100 pounds-Frequently Verbal Communication-Continuously Written Communication-Occasionally Hearing Normal Conversation-Continuously Sight, including near acuity-Continuously Far acuity, depth perception, full field of vision and distinguishing colors-Occasionally






