Theranos is actively building a world-class team. Ideal candidates are currently employed or have been employed in similar types of positions and want to be part of a paradigm-shifting company doing innovative work. Candidates must be hard-working with an unfaltering determination to excel in an intense start-up environment and a desire to gain tremendous personal and career growth.  We are looking for a hands-on, results-oriented senior compensation expert skilled at creating innovative, competitive, performance-driving compensation plans and efficient, cost-saving benefit programs. Skilled transformation specialist able to lead organizations through change and into best practice shape.  Role & Responsibilities: •Participate in the design and implementation of compensation programs and policies. •Conduct salary, bonus, and FLSA exemption analyses. •Develop informational materials for the implementation of compensation programs. •Analyze compensation surveys. •Analyze market compensation practices and make recommendations. •Work on the automation of a salary planning and performance management system. •Be responsible for the oversight of third party system vendors for the administration of compensation, performance management, succession planning as well as other relevant employee data. •Become involved with professional compensation associations to evaluate and report on new and emerging compensation best practices.  Requirements: •BA/BS or equivalent from top-tier university •5+ years of HR compensation experience with strong operational/execution focus •HR/Compensation certifications (CCP, SPHR) preferred •Experience with implementing and/or managing HR systems •Experience with implementing and/or managing web-based compensation applications •Strong working knowledge of employment laws associated with compensation •Exceptional professionalism, judgment, communication problem-solving, and interpersonal skills •Acute attention to accuracy and detail in all aspects of responsibilities •Strong working knowledge of the Microsoft suite of programs •Experience in a high tech environment is a plus






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed