Summary of Position:   Provide friendly, responsive service to create an exceptional dining experience for all of our guests. Each servers primary objective is to show our guests such a marvelous time, they will want to return again and again.   Duties & Responsibilities:  Welcome and greet guests. Assist with seating guests. Make all our guests feel comfortable and let them know you are there to personally take care of them. -Inform guests of specials and menu changes. -Make recommendations you genuinely feel your guests will enjoy. -Answer questions about our food, beverages and other restaurant functions and services. -Take food and beverage orders from guests, enter orders in our point-of-sale system which relays orders to the kitchen and bar. -Deliver food and beverages from kitchen and bar to guests in a timely matter at appropriate temperatures, with proper garnishes and accompaniments. -Perform side work at the start and end of each shift as required by service station assignment. -Clean and stock service areas and assigned server stations.  -Monitor and observe guests dining experience. Ensure guests are satisfied with the food and service. Respond promptly and courteously to any requests. -Prepare final bill, present check to guest, accept payment, process credit card charges or make change (if applicable). -Promote teamwork by running other servers orders. Be ready and willing to assist fellow servers as situations arise. -Clear and reset tables and general seating area. -Thank guests for their visit and invite them to return. -Be available to fill in as needed to ensure the smooth and efficient operation of the restaurant as directed by the restaurant manager or immediate supervisor.   Qualifications: -Be able to communicate and understand the predominant language(s) of our guests. -Must have a basic knowledge of dining room and service procedures and functions. -Possess basic math skills and have the ability to handle money and operate a point-of-sale system. -Be able to work in a standing position for long periods of time (up to 5 hours). -Be able to safely lift and easily maneuver trays of food frequently weighing up to 20 to 25 pounds.   Please fill out our application online to apply for this job:   www.example.com  Please no phone calls or walk-ins; we will email you if you meet our qualifications.   Thank you, 






