•\"Top 5 Priced Wholesale Conventional Lender in Loan Sifter!\" • Must currently be an experienced Wholesale Account Executive • Open territory in your market!  *Must have strong relationships with brokers in your market!* • 24 hour purchase underwriting guarantee! • The best inside support staff in the industry, all calls and emails are answered within the hour! • We treat your brokers as part of the IFFG  *Skills Required:* • Excellent computer skills and working knowledge of MS office products.  • Data Trac / Intrac experience preferred.  • Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing.  • Strong Customer service skills.  • Ability to handle detailed assignments.  • Ability to organize and prioritize workload and meet deadlines.  • Existing broker relationships.  If you and your brokers are feeling like a cog in the wheel and not getting the service, speed and price you deserve it may be time to talk to IFFG RC. As part of the IFFG Team you can take pride in being part of a recognized Inc 500 company and one of the fastest growing companies in America. At IFFG RC we know retail lending and have created a wholesale platform where your valued broker accounts will feel like they are our partners not simply a number.   *Why join the IFFG RC team?* • We maintain 24 hours on our purchase turn times so that your brokers can count on loans closing on time with IFFG RC. • Your brokers will love working with our inside team. Our account managers are called \"experience manager\" because it is their #1 priority to make sure your brokers love working with us. • Open target areas-we are committed to not saturating our territories with AE's.  • Competitive compensation plans that are significantly higher than the industry averages • Excellent employee benefits  • Expense account allowance   *Essential Duties:* - Develops and maintains wholesale mortgage loan production for FNMA / FHLMC loan products.  - Calls on potential or existing customers as assigned to develop new business or retain existing business.  - Acts as a liaison between wholesale broker and loan operations.   • Focus on brokers whose core business is purchase production. • Contacts and sets appointments with new and existing wholesale mortgage brokers.  • Advises brokers of changes to company policies and procedures.  • Assist broker with loan submission process.  • Trains brokers on use of available online systems.  • Manages loan pipeline to achieve IFFGRC as well as clients goals and objectives.  • Ensures compliance deadlines are met.  *Compensation* 10 basis points on refinances 12 basis points on purchases 14 basis points on government loans 1 basis point additional on 10 million plus  10 basis points total on corporate accounts assigned to you $2,500 monthly draw Up to $150 cell phone reimbursement/$300 car mileage alowance  *Health Benefits, Coverage & 401K* At IFFG, we support and mental and physical well-being of each and every employee. Our goal is to provide access to the best possible health care complemented by on-going wellness programs to keep our entire team happy and healthy. IFFG offers a full benefits menu of PPO and HMO coverage options and contributes to employee’s monthly premiums. In addition IFFG strongly encourages employees to plan for the future by participating in our 401k program! We cover 75% the employees premium!






