*Implementation of behavior programs as outlined in the resident’s individual program plans.  *Ability to provide physical assistance to clients as needed to follow through on Behavioral Intervention Plans, including emergency interventions as instructed in Crisis Intervention and Prevention; ie (but not limited to) lifting, escorts, and restraints. *Assist in preparing meals and snacks for the residents at the scheduled times.  *Attend staff meetings and in-services.  *Supervision of skill and behavior data documentation done daily on the appropriate agency forms.  *Responsible for compiling all data in monthly reports.  *Report any illness or injury of residents or staff, property damage or loss, to the Executive Director. *Make rational decisions in emergency situations, i.e., call paramedics, fire department or transport clients to hospital.  *Assist in the general upkeep and cleanliness of the home.  *Assist teachers and others in coordination and carrying out behavior treatment programs.  *Assist in client medical needs including disbursement of medications, transportation to and from medical and dental appointments and staff training pertaining to distribution of medications.  *Notify RN of any medication errors; when stock get low, or any other issues with medications arise. *Supervision of direct care staff, including monitoring of all performance issues, initiation and management of staff schedule.  FT Position located in El Cajon, $10.00-$12.00.  Hours are working Monday through Friday (12:30PM- 8:30PM). SKILLS & REQUIREMENTS: Must be 21 years old and have a high school diploma or GED, minimum one year experience working with the developmentally disabled. Previous supervisory experience desired. . IMPORTANT NOTES: Must pass pre-employment drug screening, physical and background check and have clean driving record will need to obtain B class license within 90 days.. Must have current or obtain CPR and First Aid certificates within first 30 days of employment.






licence-needed full-time-job hourly-wage supervising-job