We are currently looking for a Full time and a Part time Behavior Support Staff to work with developmentally disabled adult population in our Ramona, CA facilities. Extensive training provided. Raises and bonuses given for exceptional performance; overtime opportunities available. Full time Split Shift Wednesday thru Friday (5:30am-7:30am and 2:30pm-8:30pm and alternating weekends (6:30am- 8:30pm) and Part time alternating weekends (6:30am- 8:30pm). Please visit our website for more information regarding open positions at www.example.com  Please include month and year dates for each position, whether the job was FT or PT, and hours of availability and salary expectations in your cover letter. Please specify which position FT or PT that you are applying for.  Responsibilities Include:  Implementation of behavior programs as outlined in the resident's individual program plans. Ability to provide physical assistance to clients as needed to follow through on Behavioral Intervention Plans, including emergency interventions as instructed in Crisis Intervention and Prevention; ie (but not limited to) lifting, escorts, and restraints. Assist in preparing meals and snacks for the residents at the scheduled times. Attend staff meetings and in-services. Supervision of skill and behavior data documentation done daily on the appropriate agency forms. Responsible for compiling all data in monthly reports Report any illness or injury of residents or staff, property damage or loss, to the Executive Director. Make rational decisions in emergency situations, i.e., call paramedics, fire department or transport clients to hospital. Assist in the general upkeep and cleanliness of the home. Assist teachers and others in coordination and carrying out behavior treatment programs. Assist in client medical needs including disbursement of medications, transportation to and from medical and dental appointments and staff training pertaining to distribution of medications. Notify RN of any medication errors; when stock get low, or any other issues with medications arise. Higher level positions will supervise direct care staff, including monitoring of all performance issues, initiation and management of staff schedule. Must be 18 years old and have a high school diploma. Must have one year experience in implementation of behavior modification programs with severe behavior problems. Requires specialized skills in data collection, teaching techniques, program implementation and supervision of direct care staff. Must be able to pass our health screening, physical and background fingerprinting check. Must have clean driving record and be able to obtain a Class B drivers license within 90 days. Must be CPR and first Aid certified within first 30 days of employment.  Promising Futures Inc. is committed to providing exceptional programs to individuals with developmental disabilities who are currently not being served and/or who are under served in our community. This population usually presents serious communication and behavior disorders that put them at high risk for state hospitalization, repeated failure, idleness, lack of progress in skill development and of course, abuse. Other developmentally disabled individuals with intense needs such as medically fragile/non-ambulatory are often asked to accept idle/unproductive lifestyles that are unacceptable to the general physically challenged population.Our goal is to develop a supportive environment that provides structure and measurable success to these unique populations.   Promising Futures, Inc. 109 East Lexington Ave. El Cajon, CA 92020 * Location: Ramona  Compensation: $9-$10.50 per hour DOE and education. Benefits for FT This is a non-profit organization.






1-year-experience-needed