The Owner Representative/Construction Project Manager is based out of New York. Applicant will oversee construction or large data center type facility. Plus, applicant will interface daily with client vendors, general contractor and sub-contractor. If you enjoy working around data center environments and you have the skills required to complete complex telecommunication construction projects, then this is for you.    Submit Your Resume Today!   Additional Responsibilities: • Monitor and assist in facilitation “on-time” and “on-budget” project. • Implement and understand the described construction scope of work. • Project will be utilizing close-coupled cooling to minimize upgrades • Assure project safety requirements are in compliance. • Monitor staffing requirements are achieved and meeting expectations. • Manage, process and ensure compliance with the following items o Clarifications o RFIs o ASIs o Submittals o Change Orders o Project budget • Provide assurance that the construction is in compliance with the plans and specifications. • Act as client’s representative for compliance with network design standards. • Provide interface with local jurisdictions as required, including but not limited to the City Inspector, Waste and Groundwater Inspector, Fire Marshall, Electrical Inspector, Plumbing Inspector and Mechanical Inspector. • Provide “on-going” value engineering of project to identify potential cost savings and eliminate project delays. • Document each day’s activities with “Daily Activity Report” to be distributed to client. • Participate in weekly OAC meetings. • Participate in weekly Sub-Contractor coordination meetings. • Monitor status of RFI’s and Submittals. • Photograph project events to document progress and/or issues. • Prepare and submit monthly project status update report.  Required Skills: • Must have critical facility construction experience • Must understand change management process • 5-10 years Construction Management experience • 5-10 years Project Management experience   Preferred Experience & Education: • High level of architectural and engineering skills • Expertise in building architecture, mechanical, electrical, and fire protection. • Tenant finish experience would be a big plus • Telecommunications Project Experience – Datacenter or Central Office environment. • Current work experience with Generators, Medium Voltage Electrical Switch Gear and Chilled Water Systems including AHU’s, Cooling Towers and Control’s.  Benefits: • 120 hours of vacation and sick leave  • 8 Paid Holidays • 401(k) Investment Plan • Medical, Dental, Vision and Life Insurance  • Prescription Drug Plan • Direct Payroll Deposit • Social Security and Worker’s Compensation • Unemployment Compensation Insurance • Reimbursement for Job Related Education and Training  Company Overview:   Founded in 2003, Vertex Innovations Inc., a women owned business, is a national telecommunications consulting firm.  We offer creative thinking and unparalleled service to our clients in order to achieve the best possible results on every project.   Vertex Innovations has extensive knowledge in both the telecommunications and commercial construction industries.  We have a depth of experience in a range of telecommunications disciplines.  We offer Fixed Network Engineering, RF Engineering, Transport Engineering, MSC (Mobile Switching Centers) Construction, Network Integration, Xing Database, Cell Site Construction, In-Building Engineering, Network Implementation, Project Management services and Owner Representation.   






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed