The Network Administrator III is responsible for technical leadership in data network maintenance and support. This includes all networking systems including WAN/LAN/wireless infrastructure. The Network Administrator III also performs maintenance procedures on networking hardware, cabling, operating systems, and infrastructure. The Network Administrator III is expected to remain current on developments in telecommunications and networking technology. The Network Administrator III has advanced technical knowledge and experience in Windows Server 2008/2003, VMware, Exchange, and other network , software and tools, diagnostic tools . In addition, advanced analytical and problem solving skills are critical to troubleshooting networking issues and analysis of system and network performance. The Network Administrator III is responsible for delivering high quality cost-effective solutions to all levels of users, and is also responsible for supporting the business goals and objectives for the Department, and the organization as a whole.    Job Description:  MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES:    Demonstrate strong knowledge and troubleshooting skills in all of the following: Windows Active directory management and configuration; Microsoft Exchange VMware deployments and network security      Demonstrate exceptional customer service, communication and human relationship skills when dealing with customers, fellow associates and vendors.      Identify and manage advanced level problems and issues with assigned production systems. Utilize standard and ad-hoc procedures to perform problem resolution for system. Use appropriate tools to track and report problem status and escalate in a timely manner.      Participate in activities related to the testing of telecommunications and networking upgrades and enhancements.      Produce and maintain technical documentation on the assigned systems. Document and update telecommunications and networking technical standards and procedures. Maintain data in network management tools for accuracy. Manage complex internal projects including tasks, deadlines and reporting. Develope departmental programs that promote and deliver exceptional customer service.      Identify and manage complex problems and issues with assigned production systems. Utilize standard and ad-hoc procedures to perform problem resolution for system. Use appropriate tools to track and report problem status and escalate in a timely manner.      Follow established policies, procedures and standards defined by the department. Participate in the development and documentation of procedures for day-to-day tasks within assigned areas of support and maintenance, including the development of processes and procedures for other teams.      Understand and adhere to all security policies and procedures relating to systems, data, and physical data center security and safety. Identify and resolve or escalate any issues or violations to management and other groups, as needed.      Demonstrate the ability to learn and support new technologies through e-learning, self study, and peer training/studies.      Assist other IT employees by providing second level support and guidance.      Participate in after-hours technical support by rotating call schedule on a regular basis.      Perform other duties as assigned by management or designee    Educational requirement:  Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering or Math preferred or equivelant experience (6 yrs) Network management formal training preferred. Extensive knowledge of Windows Server, VMware, Citrix Xenapp, and Microsoft Exchange Administration.  Extensive Active directory experience. Project Management, Network Management, Problem solvingskills.  Patience, strong customer service skills.    Experience:  Six years increasingly responsible experience in complex corporate WAN telecommunications environments preferabke in heathcar setting.  Licneses, Registrations or Certifications preferred, MSCE.






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed