CEV is seeking a talented Front End GUI Developer who demonstrates a talent in GUI design for web applications. The candidate should have experience with the latest techniques in CSS design, adept at using jQuery and JavaScript, able to produce high-end media assets, and implement an overall brand / design strategy. Working independently and with a team, a successful candidate will have extensive experience with creating well-functioning, user-friendly interfaces. The position will involve the enhancement and maintenance of existing web applications and custom GUI design for future projects.  SKILLS & REQUIREMENTS: • B.S. degree in Computer Science or Design with a minimum of 2-5 years of GUI development experience or an equivalent combination of education and experience.  • Strong object oriented GUI programming skills, including HTML, CSS and JavaScript based on web standards and best practices for scalability and accessibility. A portfolio showing work that demonstrates a strong understanding of front-end architecture will be requested. • Expert knowledge of JavaScript and UI libraries such as jQuery, jQuery Mobile and YUI, with the ability to create complex interaction using jQuery. • Experience designing Apps for iPhone/Droid and iPad, as well as HTML5 coding experience, is a huge plus, but not required.  • Proven experience designing for large-scale database-driven applications, as well as demonstrated ability to build upon existing programs or platforms.  • Experience with cross-browser environments, such as Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, and Safari. • Demonstrated experience working independently and with a team throughout all stages of software development as follows: Prototype stage: design and code: Beta stage: deploy, test and debug applications; Maintenance stage: develop procedures to test and verify programs, supply bug fixes, version support, and resolve problems in a team environment • Ability to communicate technical information to non-technical personnel. Excellent interpersonal skills to interact with internal and external customers and the ability to work in a multi-cultural environment with end-users at all skill levels. • Must be able to work in team setting and provide suggestions on how to achieve desired capabilities and to incorporate ideas from intervention to application. • Ability to work independently exercising initiative and good judgment with the skill to prioritize work in order to accomplish goals with and without supervision. • Must be able to multi-task, manage details, and keep sight of overall objectives.  COMPENSATION & BENEFITS  CEV offers a competitive performance-based compensation package commensurate with experience.  Full-time salaried employees enjoy available benefits which include medical, dental, and vision, as well as paid vacations, sick days, holidays and 401K.   ABOUT CEV Computime Equity Ventures (CEV) provides capital to businesses that have significant potential to grow rapidly through a comprehensive, organized program of sales and marketing services. Our capital is primarily used by these companies to develop and fund these sales and marketing efforts. CEV also provides frequent managerial oversight and strategy planning to help high-growth companies navigate common growing pains. As part of our current strategy planning, we are hiring a team of PHP professionals to aid in the development, deployment, and maintenance of the online technologies for several of our equity companies, including www.example.com, www.example.com, and www.example.com. Learn more about us and our portfolio at www.example.com.






2-4-years-experience-needed salary bs-degree-needed