Overview:  Support the ongoing activities of Alliance committees and work groups as well as the work of the Executive Director and the management team  Reports to: Business Manager  FTE Level: 1.0 or .8  Specific Duties:  •Support the Alliance’s various committees and work groups as directed, including but not limited to scheduling meetings, proactively maintaining committee/workgroup membership lists, securing and preparing meeting rooms (including audio/visual), providing meeting sponsors with RSVP lists prior to events, arranging for catering, and occasionally taking meeting notes when directed. •Provide lead support for All Alliance meetings (i.e., quarterly meetings for all participating organizations), including scheduling meetings, preparing meeting invitations, maintaining R.S.V.P’s, preparing name badges, and assuring that meeting rooms are set up appropriately, including refreshments. •Provide lead support to Alliance staff meetings, including initial collection of agenda topics and attendance and taking minutes. •Prepare expense reimbursement forms for Executive Director. •Serve as the lead for maintaining the Executive Director’s schedule, including but not limited to scheduling meetings, preparing daily schedules and supporting information, and ensuring that appropriate travel time is built into the schedule when indicated.  Participate in weekly meetings with Executive Director and Business Manager to review schedule/calendar. •Prepare presentations and other documents, as needed, for Executive Director. •Provide limited scheduling support (beyond committees and work groups) to Alliance Directors upon request. •Support membership activities by thanking donors, relaying their interest in the Alliance and updating participant rosters. •Serving as receptionist for guests and phone calls. •Proactively assist in managing the content and structure of the Alliance’s administrative website, including keeping content consistent and current.  Coordinate with Alliance staff as need be to clarify content. •Maintain inventory of standard office supplies. •Provide back-up support to Business Manager for computer system, phone system, and photocopier. •Coordinate travel for sponsored groups, such as Alliance delegations to national AF4Q and AHRQ meetings. •Pick up, sort and deliver mail daily. •Perform other assignments as assigned, including but not limited to preparation of correspondence and presentations.  Required Skills:  •Excellent communication skills – written, oral, and listening •Strong organizational skills with an orientation toward detail •Ability to proactively manage complex tasks, seeking direction or clarity when indicated  •Ability to multi-task and support multiple work groups at once •Proficiency in Microsoft Office and website design software such as Macromedia Contribute  •Understanding of basic health care vocabulary and concepts, is preferred  Background:  •Bachelor’s Degree is preferred. •At least four years experience in an administrative support position is required. •At least two years prior experience with a health care organization, preferably in a care delivery or health plan setting, is preferred.   Salary: This is an hourly position and pays within the range of $16-$20, depending on experience.   Puget Sound Health Alliance is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome job applications from qualified individuals without regard to race, religion, color, ethnic origin, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, marital status, veteran status, disability, genetic information, or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, state or local law.






hourly-wage bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed