Nurse Manager, Non-Invasive Cardiology / Cardiac Rehab  Outpatient setting  Job Description:   We are seeking a Non-Invasive Cardiology and Cardiac Rehab Nurse Manager at Bayonne Medical Center. You will report to the Vice President of Cardiovascular Services, collaborate with the Physician Director of the Cardiology Non-Invasive and the Cardiac Rehab Unit to assure objectives are met, and you will have 24 hour accountability for the operational management of the Cardiology/Cardiac Rehabilitation department.   Tasks include: +Acting as a resource person to the entire health care team.   +Promoting a positive image of the hospital and department with the public and professional community.   +Reviewing and revising the Quality Assurance Plan for the outpatient unit, implementing its monitoring and evaluation system, and communicating the results this monitoring to the Cardiology Medical Director   +Rounding on patients and staff to assure positive Press Ganey Reports.   +Monitoring, evaluating, and facilitating clinical documentation processes associated with charge capture, including, but not limited to, ensuring patient charts are accurately documented on charge sheet, identifying lost charges, coordinating charge capture, providing ongoing education for staff on charge capture improvement and documentation.   +Preparing recommended staffing for annual operational budget on the basis of available workload and collaborating with the Vice President of Cardiovascular Services for annual budget preparation.      Job Requirements  As a Cardiology Nurse Manager with Bayonne Medical Center, you must have superb written, verbal and interpersonal communication skills as well as excellent multitasking, time management and leadership abilities. You must maintain a patient-oriented focus and demonstrate good planning skills. You must also respond to patient and family needs promptly and compassionately and be able to perform excellent work under stressful circumstances.  The ideal Cardiology Nurse Manager will have varied experience within most areas of hospital Cardiology departments to include Cardiac Rehabilitation.   Qualifications include:  +Current New Jersey RN license +Current ACLS, BLS, and IV certification required +5 years nursing experience with a minimum 2 years nursing management experience  Our Company:  Bayonne Medical Center 29th Street at Avenue E, Bayonne, NJ 07002 www.example.com   Bayonne Medical Center has been recognized by the Joint Commission for hospital excellence and has been designated as a NJ State Primary Stroke Center by the New Jersey Department of Health and Senior Services for our exceptional quality of stroke treatment. In addition, Bayonne Medical Center received the New Jersey Department of Health and Senior Services highest rating granted during the annual state inspection off sub-acute/rehabilitation providers.    Our new Cardiology Department includes full state-of-the-art PET/CT services, and our cutting edge Health Information Technology and well trained staff received a perfect score for medical records privacy during a random HIPAA confidentiality inspection by the Office of Civil Rights, Patient Protection. We are proud of our growing company and are seeking quality people to join our team   Expect the Best, Receive the Best...Our Commitment to You!  Bayonne Medical Center is Equal Opportunity Employer and a member of  The Employer Partnership of the Armed Forces






licence-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed