EDUCATION: Bachelor's Degree required; Master's Degree, JD or CHC preferred. National professional certification in medical coding (CPC or CCS-P.  EXPERIENCE:  • Three to five years healthcare operations management experience within a health care organization and/or health care compliance program. This experience must include evidence of success in program and process implementation/administration in a healthcare setting.  • Experience with electronic medical record systems (EMR) and in-depth knowledge and understanding of system documentation and coding processes • Working knowledge of coding audit management software and proficient with spreadsheet and word processing software • Excellent written and oral communication skills  • The ability to successfully interact with employees at every level of the organization and the professional presence necessary to represent Corporate Compliance  LICENSURE/QUALIFICATIONS:  • Must possess a thorough understanding and knowledge of health care legal and regulatory practices, billing, coding, documentation and conditions of participation for health care programs (particularly Medicare and Medicaid), and financial and internal controls systems/procedures.  • Must possess strong problem solving, conflict management and consensus building skills. • Must be capable of serving as an advisor with the flexibility and pragmatism to work in an unstructured environment oftentimes associated with a professional position.  • Experience in responding to crises and tight deadlines associated with unscheduled reviews/audits and investigations conducted by government agencies.  • Must possess the ability to work as part of a team while also possessing the skill and confidence to operate without daily supervision.  • Must be comfortable in a collaborative, shared leadership environment. • Must be able to adapt to frequently-changing work priorities and emerging issues.  • Must possess a personal presence that is characterized by a sense of honesty, integrity and caring with the ability to inspire and motivate others to promote the philosophy, mission, vision, goals and values of CarePoint Health. • Must demonstrate strong interpersonal skills and excellent written and oral communication skills, as well as exhibiting strong organizational skills and work ethic.   WORKING CONDITIONS/HAZARDS: Exposure to communicable diseases, blood and blood products, illness, confused and/ or combative patients, hazardous chemicals, stressful situations, X-rays, sharp instruments and needles, and electricity. Normal office. Must be willing to travel between CarePoint Health entities.   REPORT TO: Corporate Director, Compliance   CONTACTS: Physicians, Department Heads, Hospital Staff, Patients, Families, and Visitors.  SUPERVISORS: Corporate Director, Compliance  MAIN FUNCTIONS: Under the direction of, and in collaboration with, the Corporate Director, the Compliance Manager will oversee and assist with maintaining the compliance program activities across the CarePoint Health system.






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed