AMHFCU, a $1.3+ billion credit union, has an immediate opening for a Business Development Manager. This position will be responsible for assisting the VP of Business Development with the overall business development activities that promote credit union growth through increasing membership penetration and Select Employer Group (SEG) growth as well as supervise the business development staff and monitor the daily workflow of the department to ensure staff is well skilled and developed to meet daily department demands and to provide an ultimate level of service to the members, potential members, employees and clients of AMHFCU.  *Requirements Include:* •Professional, well-developed interpersonal skills necessary for supervising staff, contacting and maintaining relationships with Select Employer Groups, and servicing the members and staff of American Heritage Federal Credit Union. •Strong initiative, competitive drive, and the ability to stay focused on results, all while working at a faster than average pace. Innovation and creativity in generating ideas while handling multiple tasks in a timely manner; this is the key to success in this position.  •Must possess a confident leadership style that is firm and goal oriented, and yet, motivates, trains, and engages others in an enthusiastic manner.  •A poised and persuasive communication style. •At least three to five years of experience in business development and sales, preferably in a financial institution. Prior supervisory experience required.    *EDUCATION* •Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing, Communications, Business Administration, or a related field or equivalent work experience.    We offer a competitive salary and incentive structure, an outstanding benefits package, including a 401(k) with a generous company match and a friendly, progressive & environmentally friendly work environment.   To be considered, correspondence should include a resume listing job history and salary expectations. Please be advised that credit, criminal, employment, drug/alcohol testing and education background checks are conducted on potential candidates. All resumes will be reviewed, but only competitive candidates will be contacted for further conversation.






2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed