A SAP Business Manager is needed for a major client located east of Raleigh, NC area.  Candidate will manage SAP issues relating to Finance; acting as a liaison between support vendors and Company users. Will develop expertise in all applications that relate these functional areas, including other software that interfaces to SAP; Translate business needs into application specification; perform basic configuration tasks and identify training needs. Candidate will also be responsible for test enhancement and upgrades, Audit SAP usage for efficiency, assist with implementation of additional systems and enhancements, understanding their impact to financial reporting and customer report generation.  Responsibilities: 1. Hands on Manager for staff of three Business Analysts and two indirect employees 2. Create an environment for knowledge transfer between functional groups 3. Led SAP upgrade projects 4. Manage staff as well as support SAP modules including MM, Purchasing, SD, FI/CO (AP, AR), IM and HR 5. Techno-functional support in all areas in SAP 6. Comply policies and procedures for Change Management in SAP 7. Responsible for writing functional and technical specs for change requests and new projects 8. Evaluated and recommend third party software to enhance the usability of SAP 9. Work closely with external IT auditors 10. Support financial audits by creating reports, extracts, and queries using ABAP 11. Work closely with the business users  Requirements: 1. 5+ years experience in FI/CO (AR. AP) 2. Additional experience in MM, SD, IM, HR modules 3. BA/BS degree preferred 4. SAP implementation and configuration experience (Technical-Functional) 5. Project Management and Leadership skills 6. Solid accounting background 7. Excellent communication skills 8. Strong troubleshooting  To express interest in this position, please Email Resume in MS-Word or .pdf format and attach cover letter with Salary requirements and contact information. Please be sure to reference Job #1752.   NO SPONSORSHIP AVAILABLE!  






full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed salary