The Special Education Teacher works with high school students, grade 9-12.  ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES •Teach with Urgency to Close the Academic Gap •Teachers must acknowledge the existence of the Academic Gap as the inability of the student to perform at his/her grade level, developing a handicap that seriously and deeply compromise their academic achievement.  Thus, teachers must understand very well the causes and effects of the Academic Gap and, consequently, they must work with diligence and urgency to permanently eradicate it, in all, and each student.   •Measure Improvement in Students’ Performance  By using data to drive instruction and by developing adequate interventions in a timely fashion, teachers have to be able to measure and monitor the learning and progress of all and each one of their students.  Measurement must be done in relation to the student’s ability to master knowledge, applications and skills according to their educational plan.  •Rigorous Learning Environment Teachers must commit themselves to create a tradition of rigorous learning environment in their classrooms,   so that all and each student are challenged with the expectation of a deep and thoroughly scholarship, and consequently they are motivated to rise to the occasion.    •Integrate Real-World Applications within the Context of Health Sciences. By interactively contextualizing their teaching, teachers will integrate relevant health context in the curriculum, and provide students with real-world problem solving learning experiences.  In doing so, the classroom experience becomes an opportunity to engage students with a new dimension of their reality as high schools learners and the world of the adults.   •Progressive Literacy Across the Curriculum for Remediation, and Ensuring College Skills.   A critical duty for ALL teachers is to encourage and direct reading and writing in class activities, projects, regular assignments and any other academic task.  Teachers need to embrace the principle that reading and writing across the curriculum is a critical strategy to expeditiously close the academic gap, integrate the high school program of studies, and sharp college skills such as critical thinking and lifelong self-learning condition.  Therefore, regardless the specific subject taught by any teachers, creatively integrate reading and writing in lesson plans, and daily instruction delivery.  •Commitment in Building a Collaborative and Collegial Community The entire school is expected to demonstrate a strong commitment in building a true-collegial community where not only students but families, partners, staff and teacher, at each level, make decisions by combining their rights with responsibilities. To do so, teachers must maintain and foster strong relationships with all and each member of the community, practice self-criticism and collaborative criticism as the foundations to nurture highest ethical and professional behavior and standards, and humbly approach daily routines as an opportunity to learn something else new.  Participation comes attached with duties: the IHSCA model of community cooperation and integration allows teacher to freely exercise a proactive role in searching solutions and solving conflicts.   •Social and Emotional Wellness Social and emotional wellness of all members of the IHCA community is a goal that all teachers are expected to support wholeheartedly.  As a health sciences career academy, the continual mental health of students, parents, and staff is a primary concern.  Consequently, teachers play a critical role in class management and discipline issues which should be dealt with the teacher understanding and considerations for the social emotional well-being of each individual student.    Qualifications, Experience/Education •M.A.T., M.Ed., C.A.S. or LBS I required. •Five years of experience working with students with disabilities required. •IL teaching certification in the area of special education required. •Type 10 Secondary Certificate (6-12), Special Education Certificate (Pre-School – Age 21) required. •LBS Endorsement required, •Technologically literate including using Microsoft Office is required. Fluency in English and Spanish is desirable.   Please send cover letter and resume with a brief description of your educational philosophy and approach to Instituto Health Sciences Career Academy Charter School    See all our opportunities at  www.example.com  






licence-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed