Senior Front End Lead Developer  Full-Time | No Travel | Great benefits  NYC, NY  ABOUT NORTHPOINT®  WE LEAD WITH EXPERIENCE.    We are an enterprise digital platform strategy and technology consulting firm based in New York City. Our expertise includes but is not limited to Content Strategy, Information Architecture, Content Management Systems, Web Technology, Search, SEO, Social Media, and Mobile.  NorthPoint is looking for a Senior Front End Developer with expert knowledge of a vast range of Front End Web Technologies. The position calls for an individual who knows the web front end landscape and stays on top of emerging techniques, tools and technologies. An understanding of the importance of coding standards and best practices and the ability to assists document and mentor others on these concepts is also key. Some of the key aspects of this position include:  Do you know the difference between Adaptive and Responsive design? Do you love working with cutting edge technologies? Do you have an obsession for pixel perfect UI implementations? Do you enjoy helping mentor others and assisting in defining and following best practices and standards? Can you help lead a team or multiple teams? Come join the NorthPoint team, help lead our Front End Team and work on projects of all sizes, including some very high profile high traffic projects    ● A Front End Developer who can also dig into server side code if the need arises. ● Experience with both large and small web projects. ● Experience working as part of a team as well as helping to mentor and lead teams. ● An eye for reviewing site designs (Wireframes, PSD’s) and accurately determine the feasibility of items and assist in estimating the work effort. ● Experience bridging the gap between the front end and the back end tiers. ● Able to take on a task, problem solving and see the task through to completion. ● Extremely well organized individual able to assist juggling multiple tasks and multiple deadlines for multiple clients on multiple projects simultaneously as well as knowing when and who to delegate work to. ● Experience being involved with site migrations. ● Experience hitting launch deadlines and being a part of large site launches.   This individual should have experience with at very least, the following:  ● HTML5, CSS, jQuery (and the plugin landscape) ● PHP ● MySQL ● Grid Frameworks/Toolsets (Twitter Bootstrap, Foundation, 960, etc...) ● Mobile Web Development (Phone/Tablet) ● Cross Browser Testing and Fine Tuning ● SCM (SVN, git) ● Flash (usage, not development) ● AJAX ● Sprites ● Web Video cross browser/device ● Social Media Integration ● Responsive and Adaptive design ● Troubleshooting load time, page weight and performance issues ● Adobe Creative Suite tools ● Familiarity with various text editors and IDE’s (Sublime Text, Coda, Eclipse, Netbeans) ● Comfortable working on Mac OS X ● An understanding of the various forms of caching.   Additional bonus skills include, but are not limited to:   ● CMS’s (Drupal, WordPress, etc...) ● Zend Framework ● LESS ● SaSS ● Linux (Debian based (Ubuntu, etc...)) ● Apache  ● Web video cross browser/device ● Command Line us    COMPETITIVE PAY & BENEFITS Annual compensation, Medical, Dental, Vision, Long and Short Term Disability, 401K Plan with Company Match, Flexible Spending Account, Public Transportation Incentives, Company Paid Training Programs.  PLEASE NO AGENCIES OR STAFFING RECRUITERS






licence-needed