DO NOT APPLY IF YOU DON\"T HAVE SALES EXPERIENCE  Experience: minimum of 5 year of Power Closing sales  Industry: Exhibit Trade show, Large Format Printing, Textiles, Special Events, Experiential Marketing, Theatrical Production/Lighting, and/or Marketing /Creative Agencies.  Job Function: Sales Compensation: Salary, Bonus, Commission Job Description The ideal candidate will have excellent sales skills. A high energy Sales professional, highly motivated person and competitor.  You are a sales “hunter” not one to wait for the phone to ring. Good listener and problem solver. Must be able to work with various levels of decision makers from designers, producers, owners, and purchasing agents.   Work with our extensive database. Reach out to clients to introduce our evolving products and services. Must be in the field 10 days a month minimum open new accounts , expanding relationships.  Create sales within the NY Metropolitan Area. Know your clients upcoming projects. Independently expand your client base.  Present, quote and close orders.   Consistently beat monthly and quarterly sales objectives.   Participate in sales training (know your products), sales meetings, and attend industry trade shows and outside events.   Desired Skills & Experience Minimum of 5 years successful sales experience Product and project sales  Ideal candidates will have successful sales experience in one or more of the following industries: Exhibit Trade show, Large Format Printing, Textiles, Special Events, Experiential Marketing, Theatrical Production/Lighting, and/or Marketing /Creative Agencies.  Will consider an individual who has had a successful background in sales in Textile or Fashion Industry.  Social Networking a must  This position requires computer literacy, contact management (CRM) database knowledge and multi tasking skills.  Company Description From the moment Dazian opened its doors in 1842, it has been the source for fine fabrics for the entertainment and visual design industries for over 170 years.  In its early days, Dazian fabrics dressed showgirls and theater alike, virtually creating the market for exquisite draperies, backdrops and scenery.  Today, Dazian is the company of choice for everyone who designs with fabric, from motion pictures, expositions and trade shows to nightclubs to the Presidential inauguration, Dazian creates extraordinary scenic, decorating and marketing tools out of fabric.  Dazian, today is a vertically integrated operation that starts with fabrics and expands to a full service company with capabilities in  * Custom fabrication,  * Technical LED lighting services LED products and LED scenic rentals,  * Décor Rentals, * Painted Backdrops   * Events Decor products,  * Grand format printing and finishing * Project management * Installation Services






5-plus-years-experience-needed salary