POSITION OVERVIEW   The Senior Structural Technician works under general supervision to safely layout, fabricate and install parts, equipment and fabricated items on aircraft following established operating procedures.  This position works independently to meet the goals and objectives of a team assigned to an aircraft.   Relocation to Cleveland, Ohio is required and assistance will be provided.  DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES  •Coordinate with supervision and Inspection to ensure compliance with internal and FAA paperwork, sign-offs and quality specifications.  •Follow standard operating procedures when using adhesives, sealants and solvents.  •Install assemblies in supportive framework according to blueprints, using hand tools, power tools, and lifting and handling devices.  •Lay out and marks dimensions and reference lines on material, using scribes, dividers, squares, and rulers.  •Determine sequence and methods of fabricating, assembling, and installing sheet metal products, using blueprints, sketches, or product specifications.  •Select gauge and type of sheet metal or nonmetallic material, according to product specifications.  •Inspect assemblies and installation for conformance to specifications, using measuring instruments, such as calipers, scales, dial indicators, gauges, and micrometers. •Build tooling as required; shape and form complex angles and configurations according to blueprint specifications or written/verbal information.  •Safely operate shop equipment such as: brakes, presses, riveting equipment, shears, and hand tools associated with sheet-metal functions.  •Use the proper hardware for various sheet metal applications. •All work performed should be in accordance with Company design specifications, quality standards, Structural Repair Manuals, Illustrated parts Catalog, service bulletins and engineering orders.   EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE  •High School Diploma or GED •In depth knowledge and at least 5 years of experience in sheet-metal fabrication processes (cutting, bending, forming, and drilling of aluminum sheet, angle and honeycomb) is required •Ability to read and interpret blueprints and engineering documentation •Ability to use tools and equipment associated with sheetmetal work •Good working knowledge and familiarity with Beechjet Airframe   REQUIRED SKILLS  •Must be a team player with demonstrated interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively with others while maintaining a positive attitude •Able to prioritize multiple tasks while working  effectively under pressure and time constraints  •Must be detail-oriented and well organized •Possess proven inspection competencies •Demonstrate a working knowledge of Windows and MS Office programs 






5-plus-years-experience-needed