The Microsoft State and Local Government and Education group has an immediate opening for a Senior Consultant specializing in leading our customers in the application of Big Data and Business Analytics solutions to help them transform how their agencies serve their constituents.  Gartner research suggest that our State and Local Government customers desperately need support in standing up and maturing transformative solutions that leverage the massive amounts of data being generated through “Connected Cities” and the “Internet of Things” and we are just the team to help them.  Therefore, in order to better support our State, Local Government, and Education customers, we are actively hiring a Senior Consultant who has a powerful combination of advanced technology and strategic business acumen. The role requires broad and deep technology knowledge and the ability to architect and deploy a solution by mapping a customer’s business problem to an end-to-end technology solution. Tangible experience in government and/or education a plus.  The role requires the ability to engage with senior level decision makers and exceptional leadership skills in envisioning, planning, and developing Big Data solutions in large, complex organizations. Consultants must have a passion for the customer which is demonstrated through professionalism and striving for excellence in all aspects of the customer experience. The consultant must have proven experience managing projects through the entire project lifecycle. This includes managing multi-phase/multi-dimensional/multi-resource projects to conclusion while maintaining high customer satisfaction. The role requires an individual who is resourceful, confident under pressure, and has demonstrated skill in both crisis management and expectation management.   The Big Data and Business Analytics consultant must apply effective planning and leadership, advanced analysis skills, and experience to assist our customers. To be credible, he or she must have current and deep experience in:  • Advanced understanding of Big Data and Business Analytics Concepts and Skills • Advanced understanding of classic Business Intelligence Concepts and Skills • Windows Server and Windows Azure • SQL Server • SQL Analysis Services • SQL Server Integration Services • SQL Reporting Services • Apache Hadoop • MongoDB • Data Mining (Mahout & R) • Predictive Modeling and Analytics • HDInsight • SQL Azure • Azure Data Movement • Financial Analytics • Programming w/ .Net, specifically programing Hadoop with .Net  Understanding of competitive technologies enables the consultant to assist in the sales process and to properly assess feasibility of migrating customer solutions from, and/or integrating with, customer solutions hosted on, non-Microsoft platforms.   The successful candidate must have excellent communication skills (oral and written). He or she must possess the ability to clearly communicate throughout the organization along with excellent problem solving skills, strong customer service orientation, and the ability to serve a leadership role as part of team.  The successful candidate will have a BS/BA degree or equivalent work experience combined with a minimum of 6 years relevant work experience. In addition, domain knowledge of state and local government or the education business is preferred. Frequent travel (up to 75%) is an integral part of this job, as are high levels of recognition and visibility.\"






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed