The Transportation for America (T4America) Campaign is looking for an experienced, highly skilled individual with knowledge and interest in federal transportation policy and the federal legislative process to help implement the Campaign’s government relations strategy.     The T4America Campaign is a national advocacy campaign working to ensure that the next generation of transportation investments helps to make our country more competitive globally; improves mobility options for people of all ages, incomes and geographic areas; maintains our existing transportation assets in good and safe working order; and helps our nation reduce its carbon footprint.  The campaign represents a broad coalition of health, housing, aging, environment, community development, business, labor, urban design and transportation interests.  The Senior Legislative Associate will be supervised by the Campaign’s Policy Director.    The Senior Legislative Associate must possess detailed knowledge of Capitol Hill, the relevant committees, and the legislative process. This position will help implement the legislative strategy for the Campaign, including building strong relationships with Congressional leaders and their staff members. The Senior Legislative Associate will assess and communicate with federal policy makers and their staff on relevant committees or key districts; will help draft legislation; will conduct research on relevant federal and state policy and previous bills or amendments; and will assist in developing Congressional briefings and other outreach strategies. While this team’s priority will be the federal transportation authorization bill, it will also engage with related bills such as those addressing energy security and appropriations.     Minimum of 3 years experience on Capitol Hill, with a government relations firm or non-profit engaged in government relations work is required. Experience with transportation policy is very helpful.  Also strongly preferred is experience working in a campaign environment. The applicant should possess excellent communications and research skills.  Knowledge of the legislative process is essential, as well as the ability to think strategically and in a bipartisan manner.    The position is full-time and available starting immediately. Salary is commensurate with experience, and includes benefits. Please send a cover letter and resume to Tracy Cacho,  In the subject line write T4America Senior Legislative Associate Position. For more information about us please visit our website www.example.com.    






full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed salary