BROADBAND INTERACTIVE, INC./COMCAST CABLE TV FIELD COLLECTOR  Job Description: - Cable TV Field Collectors are responsible for contacting former customers and recovering Comcast Cable TV converter boxes and modems. Accounts are assigned in designated territories. - This position requires that the employee drive and maintain their own insured vehicle as a condition of employment. Employees must also have a computer with internet access. - Applicants should be high-energy, self-motivated and goal-orientated. Successful Field Collectors have the ability to work independently and effectively manage their territories for maximum results.  - Field Collectors work on assigned accounts in designated areas. Currently available territories are located on the Chicago South/Southeast Side and West/Northwest Suburbs. - This is not a sub-contractor position. All BBI personnel are employees of the company.  Hours: - Full-time (30-40 hours a week) - Weekday evenings, Saturday and Sunday  Required Skills: - Ability to maintain on-time and reliable attendance. - Strong communication skills combined with customer-focused, level-headed personality. - Adequate physical condition to be able to climb steps and lift weight up to 25 pounds. - Average-level computer skills. - Able to comply with the policies and procedures of BBI and its clients. - Previous cable TV, electrical, telephone or collections experience a plus!  Additional Requirements: - Current valid driver's license. Proof of insurance.  - High school diploma or equivalent.  - Able to pass criminal background, motor vehicle record check and pre-employment drug and alcohol testing.  Call Dan at  XXX  or visit our website at  www.example.com  Broadband Interactive 4111 N Rockwell Ave  Chicago, IL 60618  The BroadBand Interactive Advantage BroadBand Interactive, Inc. (BBI) is a premier provider of installations, disconnection, audit, and field collection services to the cable television industry. We've been providing professional services to satisfied cable TV companies for over 20 years. Our clients include the largest Cable TV providers in the United States including Comcast, Time-Warner and Bright House Networks. Make the choice for an experienced, innovative and responsive company who really cares about their great employees. Find out today how BroadBand Interactive can assist you in achieving your career goals.  BBI does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability and genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, or other non-merit factor.  Job Segments: Cable TV, Collections, Internet, Telephone, Customer Service, Field Service, Technician, Installations, Telecommunications






full-time-job