Hours: 15-30 Hours, Flexible  Location: Santa Rosa, Petaluma, San Rafael, CA Compensation: Competitive Hourly Pay + Bonus Commission Start date: Immediate Openings Available    BrightCurrent is accepting applications for Solar Sales Ambassadors throughout the Bay Area. Ambassadors promote solar power at local events, national retail chains, and through community outreach partnerships. This is a fantastic entry-level position that provides a clear and direct pathway to full-time employment within 6 months!    This is not your typical part-time position. At BrightCurrent you: * Create your own schedule that is flexible - you can work as little as 15 hours a week and up to 35 hours as an employee  * Gain exposure to all aspects of the rapidly expanding sustainable energy sector * Work for a thriving start-up with a clear and direct pathway to promotions * Offset an average of 2.2 Metric tons of CO2 per Hour Worked!   Solar Ambassador Responsibilities: * Attend information session and complete two paid trainings * Professionally represent BrightCurrent at marketing events and retail establishments * Engage and excite prospective customers about the economic and environmental benefits of switching to solar energy   What We're Looking For: * Commitment to the economic and social benefits of sustainable energy * Desire to grow within our company * Demonstrated ability to communicate complex concepts to customers * Access to a car and willingness to travel to events in your area * A history of relevant academic, extracurricular achievement and professional experience   Join us! Please submit your resume and a few lines about what makes you a good candidate for this position.     BrightCurrent is the nation's leading solar education and field marketing company. We represent the world's best solar brands at events, retail establishments and more. Our program provides a direct pathway to grow in the solar industry.   To learn more about your future in clean energy, please visit us online at BrightCurrent.com or www.example.com.  ~ BrightCurrent is an Equal Opportunity Employer ~






part-time-job hourly-wage