About EverySignal  EverySignal is revolutionizing how professionals sell their products and services. By sifting through millions of social data points in real-time, EverySignal automates the discovery of sales opportunities within a professionals trusted social networks. Founded in January 2012, EverySignal is based in Santa Monica, CA and is backed by Science Inc.  We are passionate about delivering great software that unlocks hidden value stored in social data and are looking for exceptional people to join us in that mission. We are assembling a small, tightly knit collective of extraordinarily talented peers, while maintaining pursuit of impact and revenue goals typical of larger enterprises.    Sales Development Representative   We are looking for a Sales Development Representative to join the pre-sales team. Candidates for the Sales Development Representative role should possess high business acumen, strong technical aptitude, and natural sales instincts. EverySignal offers a fast-paced, innovative environment where you will be provided the tools, resources, and outstanding leadership to sell a first-to-market social sales tool that revolutionizes how products and services are sold.   Responsibilities:  ● Work strategically with the sales team in a sales development capacity  ● Generate new qualified business opportunities to fuel the sales pipeline  ● Create and prioritize strategic target account lists within a defined territory  ● Leverage our extensive resources and unique methodology to research and build \"cold accounts\" (i.e. adding contacts, sending emails, cold calling)  ● Conduct high level conversations with Senior Executives in prospect accounts  ● Advocate for EverySignal and the Enterprise Social Sales movement  Requirements:  ● Working toward or completed a Bachelor's Degree ● Passion for EverySignal and the intersection of social, sales, and enterprise ● Ability to work in a fast-paced, team environment  ● Must be highly motivated, tenacious, and self-starters ● Manage pipeline with CRM tools for maximum efficiency and visibility, with carefully executed follow through ● Must possess exceptional communication and presentation skills - with the ability to creatively communicate and sell to all decision-making levels ● Strong written, verbal and group presentation skills is a MUST  Desirable:  ● Previous experience in a Sales Hunter and Lead Gen role ● 2 - 5 year/s of previous software sales or relevant experience ● Prior sales prospecting experience a strong plus but not required  ● Prior experience in Analytics, SaaS, PaaS ● Extensive experience with cloud or enterprise grade CRM applications (i.e. Salesforce)  Compensation: Negotiable






supervising-job associate-needed