Part-time Experienced Interior Designer Assistant, 20-35 hrs week: Experienced Residential Interior Designer Assistant needed for an immediate part-time opening. The ideal candidate is ambitious, extremely organized, detail-oriented, has an interior design background/education and at least 1 year residential design work experience. The position will have flexible hours and days, and more or less depending on client demand. Designer will work complete design process from design conception to design installation. Position responsibilities will include conceptual design plans, client installs, supervising deliveries, errands, pricing, computer work, selecting fabrics and furnishings, color schemes, coordinating paint selections, and all phases of the design process. You will be working directly with clients and contractors on job sites. Strong communication and project management skills and maintain project tracking and communications with the principal and client. The ability to multi-task between projects is essential, as well as collaboration with other Designers, You will be responsible for assisting the other designers on their projects and managing your own projects. Will need to performs a wide range of tasks that accompany a complete design function from start to finish. 20-35 hrs week depending on client demand.  POTENTIAL CANDIDATE  MUST meet the following criteria to be considered for this position, please do not apply if you do not meet this criteria:  - Degree in Interior Design  - Must have at least 1 year residential design work experience  - Must have a valid driver's license and vehicle. A car is required, as is the flexibility to travel to jobsites, workrooms, and the design center as needed.  - Must know the Dallas Design District and WTC showrooms and be able to source high-end furniture, lighting and accessories.   - Will be subject to background check and must sign confidentiality agreement  - Must be Proficient in AutoCAD and  preferably Sketch-up and/or Revit.  Compensation: will be determined by experience and work schedule.  Please send a resume and examples of portfolio, website, renderings, art in PDF format  Location: Southlake/Keller/Westlake/Dallas and surrounding cities for on-site property projects, prefer you to live in close proximity.  There are no health care benefits associated with this position.  Please email resume and cover letter and online portfolio if available. No phone calls, please.  We are a small interior design firm specializing in Luxury residential properties in Dallas and in California and we are currently accepting applications for a contracted part-time Interior Design Assistant for our Dallas location. Our firm is know for our fresh perspectives, warm clean lines, and light open transitional interiors and our ideal candidate will share the same design philosophy and past projects will reflect this style. M2 Design Group






part-time-job 1-year-experience-needed associate-needed