*Job Summary:*   Support customers and sales as needed on Technical and Commercial issues.  Capitalize on Market changes to develop new product solutions that increase the value of our products to our customers.   Essential Duties and Responsibilities  • Product Management o Technical support for new product launches o Responsible for customer development communication o Testing and validation development o Product development for new and existing applications o Conducts experiments and general R&D activities as needed o Perform sales and customer visits o Follow up on all quotes to understand the dynamics that lead to increased sales o Manage and Report strategies and project updates to forecast sales growth from projects. o Manage Requests for Quote that require feasibility to ensure timely completion and cost of launch activities.  • Materials o Material selection for applications and recommendation for development  • Tooling o Integrate the part to tooling design to achieve seamless communication within a cross functional team. o Design tooling to achieve key part characteristics o Collaborate on quoting process description, tooling needs, cost of tools, and tooling lead times  • Quality o Support issues with part performance issues at the customer, including problem resolution and process control with the manufacturing team.  • Health and Safety o Maintain proper housekeeping and safety standards o Proper use of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) o Proper use of safety devices, such as lock-out, as required o Safe operation of all machinery, tools and equipment   o Attend and participate in safety training as required  • Growtth o   Participate in Growtth activities  *Qualifications:* To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.  The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  *Education and/or Experience:* Bachelors’ degree in engineering or related field required.   Some manufacturing experience Preferred.   Strength in UG, SolidWorks or AutoCAD a huge benefit.   Experience in compression or injection molding experience preferred.  *All employees will abide by and live up to the Freudenberg Guiding Principles.*






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed