BioSurplus is pioneering leading-edge solutions for every stage of the lab equipment lifecycle.  As part of our mission to maximize the value and use of laboratory equipment for our customers we provide: • purchase, consignment or auction services for our clients who are reducing their instrument investments, • sales of instrumentation for our expanding clients from our large, diverse inventory through the combination of our dynamic website, personalized, professional consultation and customer service, • software solutions to assist our clients managing their instrument inventory,  and • prompt, professional service and repair spanning a wide range of instrumentation helping our clients maximize the use and precision of their laboratory equipment investment. Headquartered in San Diego, with showrooms in the San Francisco Bay Area, Korea and Boston (coming soon), BioSurplus offers services nationally and sells equipment worldwide.  Our energetic and rapidly growing company is currently seeking outstanding professionals to join the BioSurplus team.  If you enjoy working in a vibrant, fast-paced environment where every person counts and every day brings new challenges, now may be the time to see if BioSurplus is the right fit for you!  BioSurplus is an equal opportunity employer, providing competitive salaries, performance based bonuses, benefits and employee stock options.  To gain a better understanding of our company, please visit:  www.example.com.  Position Requirements:  Expertise: Biological laboratory instrument service  Education: A.S. or more advanced degree or equivalent  Job Type: Full time - Permanent  Location: San Diego, CA  Job Level: Experienced  Position Summary: Diagnose, repair, service and install a wide variety of life sciences research instrumentation.  Supervise and train technicians.  Ensure complete customer satisfaction and promote a positive BioSurplus image. Local and some overnight travel required.  Key Responsibilities: o Diagnosis, repair and service of a wide variety of lab instrumentation o Supervision and training of technician(s) o Preparation of repair cost estimates with parts specifications o Preparation and maintenance of service call reports and other documentation  Minimum Requirements/Qualifications: o A.S. or more advanced degree or equivalent o Five years diagnosing and repairing laboratory instruments o Ability to troubleshoot and correct complex issues on instruments for which training has been received o Practical working knowledge of common desktop hardware and operating systems suitable for software installation, hard drive imaging and restoration o Broad understanding of physical sciences o Ability to work independently and with others o Excellent time management skills o Ability to prioritize multiple responsibilities and assignments o Proficiency in Microsoft Office suite  Desirable Skills/Traits/Experience: o Certified service training and service experience on complex lab instruments such as LCMS, HPLC, FPLC, cell culture, robotics, centrifugation and bio-safety cabinets o Experience with multiple instrument brands o Working knowledge of instrument software packages such as ChemStation, MassHunter, Empower, MassLynx, Analyst, Unicorn, Xcalibur, Chromeleon o Supervisory and/or training experience 






5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job associate-needed