MCCA, a premium substance treatment/mental health organization has  immediate openings for Substance Disorder Counselors. We seek Counselor professionals with experience in the field of human services who demonstrates proficiency in the counseling of substance disorder and/or behavioral health issues.  Major Responsibilities: 1. Facilitate initial procedures for admission, including completion of required intake forms, releases, collection of initial assessment and recommendations for treatment planning. Apply eligibility and diagnostic criteria to determine client appropriateness for treatment in various modalities. 2. Monitor client insurance – inclusive benefits, eligibility status, preauthorization and ongoing authorization of services rendered. Facilitate individual, group and family counseling, facilitate client and family education groups and programs, and facilitate other groups as assigned. 3. Evaluate individuals referred to MCCA by the Pre-Trial Intervention Program. 4. Facilitate IDIP and PDEP groups for the Pre-Trial Intervention Program. 5. Communicate general and specific program goals, rules of conduct, Agency services and hours of operation, treatment costs to be borne by clients and clients’ rights as well as other information required. 6. Identify and evaluate client strengths, limitations, problems and needs; assess and develop treatment plans. Implement, review and modify treatment plans as required. 7. Provide case management services to clients as needed, coordinate multiple services planning in support of client needs and integrate with treatment planning process. 8. High profile consultative role with multi-disciplinary team, provide crisis intervention services as needed. Provide family interventions as needed. 9. Provide information to individuals and groups concerning alcohol and other drug abuse as well as available treatment services and resources. 10. Have a good command of the Agency’s Policies and Procedures. Provide information and guidance on utilization of community resources, initiate and follow up on referrals as needed. 11. Note date of client discharges ongoing and modify as needed in order to promote timely admissions to the treatment program. Chart results of assessment and treatment planning; write reports, progress notes, discharge summaries and other client-related information in support of documentation of client’s progress to facilitate communications between co-workers and in support of accountability of the Agency to its funding sources. 12. Consult with our own and other professionals to assure comprehensive quality care for the client. 13. Coordinate/carry out special programs or projects as assigned by the program supervisor. 14. Comply with all federal, state and funding regulatory requirements.  Education, Training and Credentials:  License (LCSW, LMFT, LADC, LPC).






licence-needed