General Statement of Duties  The Counselor II/Site Supervisor is a professional with experience in the field of human services that demonstrates proficiency in supervisory skills and counseling of chemically dependent individuals.  Major Responsibilities:  1) Collaborate with the Program Director to ensure full program utilization. 2) Collaborate with Program Director in the development and training of counselors, substance abuse technicians and support staff. 3) Collaborate with Program Director to develop evidence based clinical curriculum  4) Participates in administrative activities including, client meetings, staff supervision and staff education  as designed by the Program Director and assumes responsibility for self-improvement by identifying, communicating and seeing resources to meet own learning needs. 5) Prepare appropriate clinical and administrative documentation to meet regulatory requirements of licensing and third party agencies. 6) Coordinate with Program Director to oversee Quality Assurance & Safety to ensure compliance with all state, local, and accrediting standards and regulations. 7) Review program paperwork for consistency, quality adherence to all Company, DMHAS, CSSD, CARF standards, and person centered documentation 8) Conduct audits and reviews of residential files (paper and electronic) on a regular basis. 9) Assist the Program Director in conducting mock Quality Service Reviews on a regular basis. 10) Complete special assignments related to Quality Assurance 11) In the Program Director’s absence manage all operations with the assistance of the Chief Operating Officer and/or Vice President of Clinical Operations. 12) Coordinate the management and operation of the kitchen with the executive chef 13) Manage the operation and maintenance of company vehicles for Residential Program. 14) Manage counselors schedule and clinical development with Program Director. 15) Manage a caseload of a minimum of three clients. 16) Facilitate initial procedures for admission, including completion of required intake forms, releases, collection of initial assessment and recommendations for treatment planning.  Apply eligibility and diagnostic criteria to determine client appropriateness for treatment in various modalities. 17) Monitor client insurance – inclusive benefits, eligibility status, preauthorization and ongoing authorization of services rendered. 18) Facilitate individual, group and family counseling, facilitate client and family education groups and programs, and facilitate other groups as assigned. 19) Communicate general and specific program goals, rules of conduct, Agency services and hours of operation, treatment costs to be borne by clients and clients’ rights as well as other information required. 20) Identify and evaluate client strengths, limitations, problems and needs; assess and develop treatment plans. 21) Implement, review and modify treatment plans as required. 22) Provide case management services to clients as needed, coordinate multiple services planning in support of client needs and integrate with treatment planning process. 23) In collaboration with multi-disciplinary team, provide crisis intervention services as needed. 24) Provide information to individuals and groups concerning alcohol and other drug abuse as well as available treatment services and resources. 25) Have a good command of the Agency’s Policies and Procedures. 26) Provide information and guidance on utilization of community resources, initiate and follow up on referrals as needed. 27) Note date of client discharges ongoing and modify as needed in order to promote timely admissions to the treatment program. 28) Chart results of assessment and treatment planning; write reports, progress notes, discharge summaries and other client-related information in support of documentation of client’s progress to facilitate communications between co-workers and in support of accountability of the Agency to its funding sources. 29) Consult with our own and other professionals to assure comprehensive quality care for the client. 30) Coordinate/carry out special programs or projects as assigned by the Program Director. 31) Comply with all federal, state and funding regulatory requirements. 32) Responsible for the coordination of the kitchen and vehicle operations to meet all agency and regulatory requirements. 33) Responsible for the coordination of safety issues and concerns within Residential Program and Kitchen Operations. 34) All other duties as assigned by management.  Supervision Received:  This position reports to the Program Director.  Evaluation Criteria:  1. Performance of all clinical and administrative major responsibilities to meet all agency and regulatory requirements. 2. Responsible for the coordination and quality assurance of the kitchen and vehicle operations to meet all agency and regulatory requirements. 3. Collaboration with Program Director to ensure the effective operation of Residential Program. 4. Management of Caseload:   a. Completion/planned discharges within agency specified time periods; b. Timely follow up to non-attending clients; c. Completion of caseload related paperwork within agency specified time periods. 5. Receptive to change, supportive of Company vision and mission. 6. Responsive to supervision, completes all assignments as directed by the program supervision. 7. Close monitoring of client insurance eligibility, pre-authorizations and ongoing authorizations resulting in successful collections. 8. Program performance indicators meet Agency standards. 9. Client satisfaction reports and feedback. 10. Performance of special projects/programs in compliance with programmatic, Agency and/or funding objectives. 11. Performance on assigned tasks and programs. 12. No violations cited during monitoring visits. 13. Self-medication is observed and recorded accurately in the Medication Log Book. 14. Completed other assignments as required.  Working Conditions: Physical Demands and Working Conditions:   Mobility to work in a standard office environment, use standard office equipment. Manual dexterity to use standard office equipment and supplies and to manipulate both single sheets of paper and large document holders (binders, manuals, etc.). Vision to read handwritten and printed materials and a computer screen. Hearing and speech to communicate person and by telephone.   Ability to work flexible hours including evenings and/or weekends to meet operational requirements and/or client services for 24/7 Program.  Some accommodations may be made for some physical demands for otherwise qualified individuals who require and request such accommodations.  Other Requirements:   This class description lists the major duties and requirements of the job and is not all-inclusive. Not all duties are necessarily performed by each incumbent. Incumbents may be expected to perform job-related duties other than those contained in this document and may be required to have specific job-related knowledge and skills.    Minimum Qualifications:  Education, Training and Credentials:  Connecticut CADC.  LADC, or LPC, or LCSW or LMFT a plus.  Master’s degree from an accredited institution in a related field and two year experience in substance abuse work and supervisory experience; or  Bachelor’s degree from an accredited college in a related field and three years of experience in substance abuse work and supervisory experience;   This position will require flexibility with work schedule, and candidate must be able to work some overtime, evening or weekend hours.   EEOC






2-4-years-experience-needed ms-or-phd-needed supervising-job