We are looking for inspiring, trend setting design talent. If you are a highly creative, slightly off-the-grid thinker, a pioneer with tenacity, passion and common sense, and who is self-propelled with a do-the-right-thing attitude and an entrepreneurial spirit, then Black Rapid is looking for you.    Black Rapid Inc. founded in 2008, created a cultural change by turning the camera world upside down.  BlackRapid is a manufacturer of innovative and creative photography products, including the wildly popular R-Strap. The company focuses heavily on responding to customer input to create the most functional and comfortable equipment. You can find our straps and bags in countries around the world.     Currently we are searching for a Product Designer/Development Manager – Soft Goods to work in our Headquarter location in Seattle. This is an excellent opportunity to work in a vibrant and challenging environment where you’ll have the opportunity to help shape a leading international brand and be on the ground floor of the rapid growth.  We are interested in passionate and self-motivated individuals. You bring the innovation, drive, and off the grid thinking, we will provide the environment for you to thrive and grow.     PURPOSE OF JOB:  The Product Designer/Development Manager is responsible for bringing creativity and enthusiasm to the challenge of designing new Black Rapid brand products. The Designer/Manager will maintain and evolve the product aesthetic to support the brand and be consistent with product lines. The Designer/Manager will define the product in such great detail that it communicates the concept and construction details clearly to the Marketing and Manufacturing teams. The Designer/Manager will be responsible for the integrity of the of the products design until it has been approved for production.     Lead soft goods design projects from concept to production. Ensure that product development objectives and schedules are met.  Maintain an understanding of the market, competition, industry, methods, and trends. Inspire Black Rapid’s domestic and international teams by continually pushing the boundaries of design innovation. Respond to business objectives with creative and innovative design solutions.    ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:  1. Translate design briefs, consumer feedback, and observations of users, field research and personal experience into the design of new products.  2. Track trends, color research, new developments in materials and incorporate this input into product designs.   3. Use 2 dimension and 3 dimensional tools to create specification packages that define product form, features, function and manufacturing processes consistent with strategic design direction.   4. Collaborate with other internal team members to maintain brand consistency in the product lines. This includes thoughtful use of existing materials, findings, and logos as well as the introduction of new materials and colors.  5. Work with Design and Product Management, Marketing and Senior Management teams to provide concepts and design idea for future products.   6. Provide project management and cost analysis to ensure the right products are being designed and that they are completed on-time and on-cost targets. This role maybe shared with Product manager.  7. Provide leadership for materials, hardware and technology research and sourcing support. This includes requesting testing of new and existing materials and evaluating the results.  8. Provide every aspect and construction detail of new products including the patterning of essential forms.  9. Lead in developing project criteria and design goals.   10. Prioritize and manage multiple projects within deadlines.   11. Maintain a high level of understanding of materials and manufacturing processes to guide the development of achievable and cost-appropriate design concepts.  12. Develop sketches, illustrations, and renderings to effectively communicate with the entire product development team.   13. Maintain a proactive, passionate, and engaged presence through out the duration of the design and post-design release phases of a project  14. Work with internal and external partners to engineer prototypes that address function, aesthetics, market appeal and manufacturability  15. Ensure that all materials, processes, prototypes and development samples are fully tested to ensure adherence to our company's quality standards  16. Position requires close multi-functional collaboration between Marketing, Sales, Design and Operations.  17. Develop strategic product plans to drive the development of new products and ensure new product initiatives.  18. Develop necessary market research plans to ensure that key decisions are based on sound consumer insights and marketplace facts.    SPECIFIC KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES:  • Exceptional communication skills; interacts with all levels in the organization in a positive and professional manner. Ability to listen effectively  • Extreme attention to detail with exceptional design skills  • High degree of organizational skills with the ability to manage multiple projects at the same time with concurrent deliverables; able to estimate time and effort needed to perform a task and meet deadlines.  • Flexibility to change directions and priorities according to new information utilizing a positive and proactive approach.  • Ability to excel in a team environment and be a positive, willing, contributing and adaptable member of the team   • Experience in the successful development and launch of new products.  • May require limited travel.      EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:  • B.F.A. or B.S. degree required in Industrial or Fashion Design; and/or four years related experience and/or training.   • Experience designing sewn products and knowledge of sewn product manufacturing processes.   • 7 - 10 years work experience in a product development environment.   OTHER DESIREABLE SKILLS AND ABILITIES  • Proficiency in 2D software (eg. Illustrator, Photoshop, or similar)  • Proficient in MS PowerPoint, Word and Excel, Internet and E-mail software.  • Excellent sketching and visualizing skills  • Experience in 3D CAD modeling and rendering (eg. Solid Works or similar) 






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed