Marketing and Copywriting Assistant Sensing Places LLC – Santa Monica, CA  We have an immediate opening for a Marketing Assistant and are looking for someone available to start right away. This individual will join our team and be responsible for: • Market Research in the field (Customer Discovery): interview people in person to assess problem/solution fit of internet software product.  • Compile and summarize customer interview data according to the in-person interviews • Make phone calls and draft/send emails to secure interviews with target customers • Marketing Copywriting: creating content for company publications, such as portfolio documents, presentations and company blog • Internet Research and writing summary reports • Product testing for various company software products • Proof reading, copywriting CEO correspondence, write business reports under the direction of the CEO • Assist with a variety of organizational and administrative tasks: office organization, attending calls, arranging meetings for CEO • Some knowledge of Lean Startup, Customer Discovery and Customer Development methods is desirable  The main requirements are: a true dynamic and proactive attitude, tremendous energy, strong relational skills and a true passion and excellence for writing.  A strong command of written English is a must. Bachelor's degree required. The candidate will fill a multi-disciplinary role in a cross functional team hence he or she will need to demonstrate prior experience and excellence in ALL of the above fields including market research and copywriting. When applying please join cover letter explaining how your prior work experiences outlined in your resume match the required qualifications listed above.  Our ideal candidate is a proactive self-starter, with a team mentality, good attitude and strong work ethic who enjoys working in an entrepreneurial environment. We are looking for someone with an outgoing personality who has excellent relational, verbal, written, research, and computer skills. The candidate is flexible and adaptable to the changing requirements of a start-up working environment and can easily handle and prioritize a variety of new tasks as they come up.  Health benefits provided.  Interested candidates should include resume, cover letter and writing samples. No relocation package offered.  About us: Sensing Places is a MIT Media Lab spin-off that combines creativity and technology to develop innovative solutions for organizations looking to engage with people in new and exciting ways. We help brands ideate, plan and execute complex projects that exceed business and marketing goals. The work environment at Sensing Places is highly energetic, friendly and entails little or no bureaucracy. Our clients include prestigious architecture firms, large international corporations, and innovative museums. We are located in beautiful Santa Monica near the beach, restaurants and local entertainment.  For more information on our company please visit www.example.com






bs-degree-needed salary