*Business Description*  We are a growth organization that was built from the drive, determination and capabilities of a few dedicated entrepreneurs. The model was to grow the organization internally, and seek out related acquisition opportunities with like-minded entrepreneurs. The model has proven successful, with an organization of over 300 full time employees.  *Position*  As the President, you are the boss, and are running your own business with all the support and infrastructure you need to be successful. We are expanding our footprint into new markets, and require high achieving aquatic professionals with the aptitude and desire to be the boss and create something special.  With a solid base of experience in swimming pool operations, you will automatically be enrolled in our Leadership Development Program.  *Description*  Provide leadership to position the company at the forefront of the industry in your local market. Develop a strategic plan to advance the company's mission and objectives and to promote revenue, profitability and growth as an organization. Oversee company operations to insure production efficiency, quality, service, and cost-effective management of resources  *Responsibilities and Duties*  • Develop a strategic plan to advance the company's mission and objectives and to promote revenue, profitability, and growth as an organization. • Oversee company operations to insure production efficiency, quality, service, and cost-effective management of resources. • Plan, develop, and implement strategies for generating resources and/or revenues for the company. • Adhere to company operational procedures, policies, and standards. • Review activity reports and financial statements to determine progress and status in attaining objectives and revise objectives and plans in accordance with current conditions. • Evaluate performance of employees for compliance with established policies and objectives of the company and contributions in attaining objectives. • Promote the company through written articles • Promote the company to local and regional constituencies. • Oversee foreign operations to include evaluating operating and financial performance. • Other duties as assigned.  *Experience and Skills*  • Swimming Pool industry knowledge is an asset (must be willing to take on prerequisite role to skill up in the industry) • Deep understanding of sales • Passion for delivering exceptional customer service • Experience in strategic planning and execution.  • Knowledge of contracting, negotiating,  • Skill in examining and re-engineering operations and procedures.  • Ability to develop financial plans and manage resources.  • Ability to analyze and interpret financial data.  • Ability to develop and deliver presentations. • Work requires professional written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills.  • Ability to motivate teams and simultaneously manage several projects.  *Working Conditions*  • Work requires willingness to work a flexible schedule • Work may require frequent weekend and evening work. Work may require overnight travel.  *Compensation*  • No up-front investment required • $50,000 +++ • Lucrative bonus program  The money you can make depends entirely on how much effort you put into your business.  The rewards can be big, but it doesn’t come easy, and there are no guarantees.  Like any entrepreneurial venture, managing your own business comes with successes and failures.  If you are looking for a regular old desk job, this might not be right for you.  If you know you can work hard, put in the effort, and be accountable to your commitments, we may be right for you.  You can count on our training program and ongoing support to help you through the successes and hard times.  We will coach and mentor you every step of the way!  *Benefits* • Other insurance programs available - Dental, Short Term Disability, Long Term Disability, Aflac programs, and a 401(k) with company match.






supervising-job