Hi,  I have a good position for you, thought if I can share the details and then confirm from you about your interest level for the opportunity. If you are interested and available send me your most updated resume in word format .    Position : Sr Network Engineer - Data Location : Stamford, CT Duration : 12 Months  Looking for high level Cisco data engineer  This candidate would be the design engineer with Implementation responsibility and the escalation point for issues that come up during the day. Additionally, the candidate will be responsible for providing level 3 network support, including complex problem solving on an enterprise level.  The position involves interfacing across several channels, acting as a visionary to assist in proactively defining direction for future network projects. The candidate must remain continuously aware of business, technical, and network issues and aid in the development of creative networking solutions. On occasion the candidate will be required to work off-hours to implement upgrades and provide Business support.  Primary responsibilities will be to, but not limited to: • Comprehensive design and architecture of all aspects of the enterprise network infrastructure including LAN/WAN, data center, routing, switching and QoS.   • Defining enterprise-wide network technical standards with considerations for throughput, redundancy and load balancing where applicable. • Apply enterprise vision for all network solutions while supporting business projects.  • Quality network design and delivery incorporating best practices producing reliable, available and scalable network solutions. • Work interdependently with the application, architecture, build and operate organizations. • Exhibit superior end to end troubleshooting skills. • Recommend proactive courses of action to management on network technical issues upon successful completion of root cause analysis. • Ability to foster climate of continuous improvement for all network solutions.  • Work closely with partner providers including WAN providers. • Perform analysis and develop recommendations formulating network direction and presenting proactive resolution.  • Recommend proactive course of action to reduce complexity, maintain cost effectiveness and competitiveness  • Proactively assist in defining direction for future projects.  Technical Skills and Knowledge: • At least 10 years of experience in network design, implementation and problem resolution in an enterprise network. • Proficient in the following Cisco technologies: o Cisco routers including 800, 2800, 3600, 3800, 7200. o Cisco switches and switching components including 3700, 6500, SUP 720's. o Cisco Nexus switches 7k/5k/2k. o Cisco firewall solutions including IOS FW's, PIX and ASA. o Cisco VPN, including site-to-site, DMVPN and VPN concentrator. o EIGRP. o IOS upgrades. o Riverbed WAN accelerator.  • Network management tools such as Cisco Prime. • Advanced network troubleshooting skills a must. • Advanced QoS knowledge. • BGP capabilities a plus. • Cisco data center interconnect, OTV, LISP experience a plus. • CCIE is preferred.  Others:  • Solid overall communications skills. • Local candidate is preferred.   Please send me your resume along with the following details  Rate: $    /hr : Employment Status / Visa Status:   Full Legal Name: Candidate phone#:  Email: Skype ID: Last four digit of SSN Number: Candidate Location (City, State):   Willing to relocate:      Interview Availability:  Availability to Start:  Educational Qualification (University, Location + Passout year):  Brief Summary/Write-up:  Warm Regards,  Ambica Kumari __________________ Resourcing Specialist SYSTEL INC | Atlanta, GA  Office:  XXX  Toll Free: + XXX SYSTEL  XXX  x 333  Confidentiality Notice: This e-mail message, including any attachments, is for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and/or privileged information. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure or distribution is prohibited. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender by reply e-mail and destroy all copies of the original message. To stop receiving mails in the future please contact us  






5-plus-years-experience-needed