*Job Responsibilities include*:   Ensure that the testing artifacts are created on time and for managing the testing activities and any defects. Provides status and support to the cross-application project manager and in some cases will act as the cross-application PM for some projects. Matrix manage the various functional teams that support these applications. Work break down (WBS) creation and maintenance, resource and financial management, as well as change, issue, and risk management. Accountable for ensuring that all SOX/UDP documents are created and approved.  *Competencies*:   Excellent oral and written communication skills Solid analytical and cross-functional leadership skills Tenacity to drive change in difficult situations while using a collaborative manner Creative problem solving skills, adapting approach as needed for each engagement Ability to build trust, impact and influence, and form effective relationships with stakeholders  Excellent time management, organizational and interpersonal skills Experience working in a matrixed project management environment Complete understanding of IT SDLC, especially waterfall  *Required Qualifications*:  BA/BS degree and/or equivalent education and experience. A minimum of three years IT project management experience in a large enterprise environment (Fortune 500). A minimum of three years Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC) project management experience.   *Assets*:  Familiar with healthcare claims processing. PMP Certification Plan view or similar management portfolio planning tool. Proficiency in MS Project, Power Point, and Excel. Waterfall or similar project management methodology. Healthcare, insurance, banking industry experience.   The Vailen Group is a drug-free workplace. Candidates are required to pass a drug  and background test before beginning employment. In addition, employees in certain positions are subject to random drug testing. Diversity creates a healthier atmosphere: equal opportunity employer M/F/D/V  






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed