American Pool Enterprises/Pool Management/Lifeguard Services and Maintenance Company – Owings Mills, MD 21117  This is an exciting opportunity to join American Pool Enterprises, Inc. (www.example.com) as it seeks a talented Seasonal Part-Time Customer Service Representative, located in Owings Mills, Maryland.   *MUST BE ABLE TO TRAIN MONDAY-FRIDAY DURING THE DAYTIME.*  *There are two shifts...Please note on your cover sheet which shift you prefer:  Monday-Friday, 4:30pm-8pm OR Saturday and Sunday, 2pm-8pm.*  *This seasonal position runs from May 25-Sept 2. (If you are a student--we will work around your schedule with school.)*  *Primary Duties:* • Answering incoming telephone calls for 19 lines through a computer based program, then either soft transferring the Customer to the appropriate personnel or entering a message into our messaging system.  • Enter data into messaging system with accuracy and in a timely fashion.  *Required Skills:* • Must be very well spoken and have a clear and professional speaking voice over the phone. • Communicate with callers in a highly professional manner and must be able to stay calm under pressure. • Must be able to work with multiple computer screens at the same time while demonstrating 100% accuracy with taking down caller information.  • Highly responsible key holder position and must possess the ability to work independently without supervision. • Ability to work efficiently in a fast paced environment, small high volume Call Center.  *Other Qualifications:* • No vacations/time off that will interfere for the duration of the position through-Sept 2nd. • Must have own transportation  • Availability to be very flexible to cover other shifts on short notice due to sick/vacation for our full time personnel.  • Previous Customer Service experience preferred.  Education: High School Diploma   Compensation:  Hourly, $10-$12  About Us: The Owings Mills Headquarters Call Center team supports 19 offices with respect to being our Customer’s first impression of American Pool. The responsibility of the Call Center is to make the interaction on the phone as pleasant and as smooth as possible for our Customers, helping to generate good will and in turn encourage loyalty and repeat business.   America’s leader in Pool Construction, Maintenance, Repair and Renovation, Lifeguarding and Recreational Facility Management. That may sound like a lofty claim, but after 25 years of quality and excellence in the commercial and residential pool industry, we’ve proven it with every pool we’ve constructed, repaired, serviced, maintained and staffed with lifeguards. We truly are a partner to our clients, offering the complete range of service offerings to the apartments, home owner communities, country club, golf club and swim clubs, private home owners, hotels and motels and federal, state and local governments. As an organization, we have partnerships in place with the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Maryland Green Registry to show our commitment to reducing our client’s environmental footprint. We are also active investors/buyers in existing commercial swimming pool companies that want to join our growing organization. Contact us for more information.   Servicing: Arizona (AZ), California (CA), Connecticut (CT), Delaware (DE), Florida (FL), Georgia (GA), Maryland (MD), New Jersey (NJ), New York (NY), North Carolina (NC), Pennsylvania (PA), Texas (TX), Virginia (VA) and 2 Canada locations: Toronto and Ottawa






part-time-job hourly-wage