This is the career advancement opportunity for you!  You’re passionate about working in a superior healthcare setting, committed to developing your potential to its fullest, and you understand the importance of balancing hard work with a great quality of life.  Where does it all come together? Here…at CHRISTUS Spohn Health System.     We are currently seeking an elite Nurse Management professional to strategically partner with our Health System and its leaders in providing 24 hour quality care promoting the safety and well being of our patients and Associates. As a Nurse Managers you will plan, prioritize and direct daily operations on nursing units to meet the needs of our patients and Associates. We understand that every patient is unique in their acuity and depend on our Nurse Manager’s sound nursing knowledge and expertise to assign patient care responsibilities throughout our dynamic team of nurses and clinical staff. Communication is a critical component to the success of our health system and we empower our Nurse Managers to effectively manage their staff promoting communication, teamwork and enhanced work performance.  Driven by our core values of Dignity, Integrity, Compassion, Excellence and Stewardship each of our Nurse Managers are entrusted with effective and efficient use of our financial resources maintaining fiscal control within prescribed limits.    CHRISTUS Spohn Hospital Corpus Christi-Memorial the leading emergency facility in the area and the only Level II Trauma Center south of Austin, Texas. Located in the beautiful Corpus Christi, Texas our hospital is staffed with nurses trained in advanced trauma care and board-certified emergency physicians, in all of the major specialties, 24 hours a day. Job Functions • This role provides twenty-four (24) hour accountability for the delivery of quality patient care that promotes the safety and well-being of all patients on assigned units including Pre-Admitting, OR (11 suites) /PACU (10 bays), Out Patient Surgical Unit (17 beds), endoscopy (2 rooms).    Successful candidates will meet the following:    - Bachelors degree in Nursing and/or Masters in a related field    Currently hold or willing to obtain a nursing license in the state of Texas   - Agreeable to hold and maintain membership in their respected professional organization     - A minimum of 3 years of experience in a leadership role within a healthcare organization    - Successful in problem solving, handling difficult/sensitive situations with regard to patient confidentiality   - Proven success in motivating others while continuing to model and uphold the vision, mission and core values of CHRISTUS Spohn Health System   






2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job full-time-job bs-degree-needed