Job Summary  The CRM Application Developer will be an integral part of a team responsible for development and delivery of complex, multi-tiered, scalable applications in a web environment. Client contact and a solid understanding of the business process are integral to the success of the role. Work is performed in a fast paced environment within tight time constraints. Unusual hours and travel may be required.  Essential Functions • Review CRM architecture and implement best practices. • Assure that CRM architecture is scalable, redundant and secure. • Analyze and configure CRM 2011 deployment per business needs. • Create customized reports in CRM 2011 to support business needs. • Develop SSRS reports and write client-side customizations. • Integrate CRM 2011 with Great Plains, Sharepoint and Point of Sales (POS) systems. • Deploy and support CRM application and integration with back-end services/applications. • Resolve technical issues that may come up during development or deployment. • Incorporate Software Development Life Cycle standards in all work products. • Enhance existing code, production support changes, and new development. • Design/modify database tables, stored procedures, triggers for application efficiencies. • Create training material for CRM users and technical documentation for future updates. • Assess change requests to determine best solutions. • Design, develop, and test system changes to meet business needs. • Create custom entities/attributes/relationships, plug-ins, work flows per business needs. • Interact with internal users and act as a business analyst for small projects. • Provide support for end users as needed. • Analyze functional specifications and help shape them to address deployment needs. • Design solutions to meet requirements and write proper technical specifications. • Build and work with project teams through delivery of the feature or release. • Commit to continuously improve knowledge through reading and self-study. • Participate in continuous improvement, problem resolution and corrective actions.  Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities • Ability to communicate with users in professional manner and gather requirements. • Ability to work with other team members in resolving issues and identifying and correcting problems. • Strong interpersonal, oral and written communication skills. • Ability to communicate technical issues, understand business and process requirements, and provide interactive demonstrations. • Attention to detail, reliability, consistency, initiative / dedication are essential. • Team fit is critical, we look for; a positive can do attitude, a fun spirit, someone who is strong technically, comfortable with saying they don't know the answer, and open/eager to learn from others. • Excellent analytical, coding, and testing skills. • Ability to quickly and accurately perform troubleshooting and repair of applications. • Interest in enhancing skills and learning new technologies. • Ability to work independently and as part of a team. • Ability to handle multiple concurrent projects.  Required Educations and Experience • BS, Computer Science, Software Engineering, or a related field, or an equivalent combination of education and experience. • 7-10 years of experience in business systems design, deployment and integration. • 2+ years of Experience with Dynamics CRM, Microsoft CRM SDK, SSRS, C#, Web Services, XML, SQL Server, ASP.NET, Java Script, HTML, LINQ. • Experience with SSRS and business intelligence system preferred. • Sharepoint and/or Microsoft Dynamics certifications preferred. • 5+ years of experience with the full systems development lifecycle, covering requirements, design, development, testing and delivery of n-tier architecture. • 3+ years of experience with Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011 development & deployment. • Microsoft Dynamics Great Plains 10 knowledge or experience. • Strong SQL knowledge (especially Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2). • Knowledge of Point of Sale and Payment Processing systems integration with CRM. • Familiarity with executive decision support systems using CRM and Sharepoint.






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed