We are very pleased to be assisting our *Ft Worth, TX* client who is in search of a *Financial Accountant* on a direct hire basis. The position requires a degree in accounting with a *CPA or be a CPA candidate* preferred but will substitute for a minimum of one year of public accounting or similar experience. The client is a well know highly respected and diverse company located in downtown Ft Worth.   *Responsibilities* • Knowledge and understanding of accrual basis accounting. • Ability to work with multiple entities at the same time. • Knowledge and understanding of various entity types, such as trusts, s-corps, partnerships, LLC’s, and individuals.  • Primary responsibility will be tax basis accounting with market to market analysis reporting. • Preparation and review of all G/L transactions. • Ability to create and input data into financial statements. • Ability to prepare various reports for management. • Must be proficient advanced skills in Microsoft Excel and knowledge of AS 400. • Assist with accounting research and compliance issues. • Assist with internal and external audit requests. • Ensure compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley internal control requirements. • Staff Supervision.  *Qualifications* • 2+ years accounting experience • Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting or Finance (Master’s Degree a plus) • CPA or CPA candidate required • Public company experience preferred • The ability to meet tight deadlines is essential • Excellent organization skills, very strong analytical, oral and written communication skills required • Strong teamwork skills and a professional attitude required • Ability to work independently with minimal supervision  *License/Certification* CPA or CPA candidate required with minimum of 1 year public accounting or similar industry.  All candidates must be able to perform and pass a through criminal and credit background check and take drug screen. The hours for the position are 8 am to 5 pm Monday through Friday with some overtime required as needed during key reporting and processing periods. This is an exempt position with a $60,000 to $70,000 base salary DOE, excellent benefits including health, dental, vision, life, 401K with matching contribution and pension plan and vacation pay. Please submit resume for immediate consideration. 






full-time-job bs-degree-needed salary 2-4-years-experience-needed