Efficient Frontier is a leading provider of cross channel performance optimization platform across search and display advertising. Efficient Frontier currently manages over eight hundred million dollars in annual advertising spend for hundreds of top advertisers.  Underpinning our service is a body of mathematical and computational algorithms developed by some of the brightest minds in this field. We employ these algorithmic techniques to identify advertisement opportunities for our clients, manage large online advertising campaigns, and maximize our customers return on advertising.     Efficient Frontier is looking for Senior Algorithms Engineer/Senior Statistician with strong command of statistical modeling concepts to develop, and deploy large scale online ad targeting system that uses machine learning and statistical optimization techniques.    Principal Duties and Responsibilities  • Architect and implement ad targeting models that use advanced statistical and machine learning techniques  • Develop and implement algorithms that work with large scale data for fo recasting and optimizing return on display advertising spend  • Build and deploy real time online ad targeting system that leverages these models and algorithms  Requirements  • Strong analytical quantitative and problem solving ability  • Must have solid understanding of statistical modeling/machine learning/ data mining/ recommender systems concepts demonstrated through work with real-world advertising problems  • Experience with architecting, building and deploying reliable algorithms-based ad optimization systems that work at scale.  • Demonstrated ability to model and deal with very large, sparse datasets  • Command of C/C++, Python, R and Unix/Linux.  • Knowledge of databases and their structure (Oracle, PostgreSQL, Sybase or mySQL).   • Excellent communication and relationship skills and a strong team player.  • MS/PhD in computer science, operations research, statistics, or math desirable    Efficient Frontier is an equal opportunity employer.   






ms-or-phd-needed