Must have experience managing commissioned agents No (Work Visa) applicants must be able to work in the US   DETAILED JOB DUTIES AND RESONSIBILITIES (While detailed, this description is not meant to be all-inclusive or exhaustive and other miscellaneous responsibilities may be required from time-to-time at Management’s discretion.) 1. Achieve sales and profitability targets for assigned territory including distributor, Rep and OEM accounts. 2. Proactively participate in special projects as set forth by management. 3. Maintain a strong field sales presence traveling with commissioned agents calling on end users, engineering firms and construction firms. 4. Maintain an overnight travel schedule of approximately 50% of the monthly business days throughout the assigned territory.  5. Attend regional trade shows as required and as directed. 6. Provide technical customer presentations. 7. Provide technical customer quotations in a timely and efficient manner as consistent with company expectations and policies. 8. Provide detailed territorial analysis of target opportunities for both existing or new markets and channels. 9. Interact, advise and coordinate all necessary requirements with internal departments as required. 10. Manage relationships both internally and externally in a positive and constructive way while remaining in compliance with the company’s code of conduct and ethical standards.  MINIMUM JOB REQUIREMENTS & ABILITIES (These items represent the MINIMUM educational and technical expertise required to perform the job described along with any certifications or licenses required.) 1. Bachelor’s degree, technical degree or equivalent experience in vapor control products. 2. Territorial field sales experience managing a region no less than 6 states consisting of overnight travel a minimum of 50% of the business month. 3. Strong technical sales aptitude with documented field sales success in an industrial products market. 4. Good computer skills including knowledge of Microsoft Office applications including Word, Excel and PowerPoint. 5. Excellent interpersonal communication and presentation skills.  PHYSICAL DEMANDS OF JOB (These items represent any physical demands of the job but are not meant to be an all-inclusive nor exhaustive list of the possible demands required from time-to-time as the job requires or at Management’s discretion.) 1. Overnight travel a minimum 50% of the business month. 






bs-degree-needed