COOK JOB DESCRIPTION  Staffinuity is seeking qualified candidate for a temporary job order opportunity.   Summary of Position: Accurately and efficiently cook meats, fish, vegetables, soups and other hot food products as well as prepare and portion food products prior to cooking. Also perform other duties in the areas of food and final plate preparation including plating and garnishing of cooked items and preparing appropriate garnishes for all hot menu item plates.  Duties & Responsibilities: •Maintains a Guest focus while performing duties •Assumes 100% responsibility for quality of products served. •Prepares a variety of meats, seafood, poultry, vegetables and other food items for cooking in broilers, ovens, grills, fryers and a variety of other kitchen equipment. •Graciously and quickly fulfill any guest request possible •Complete opening and closing checklists. •Refer to Daily Prep List at the start of each shift for assigned duties. •Promptly reports equipment and food quality or shortage problems to Kitchen Manager. •Knows and complies consistently with our standard portion sizes, cooking methods, quality standards and kitchen rules, recipes, policies and procedures. •Stocks and maintains sufficient levels of food products at line stations to assure a smooth service period. •Portions food products prior to cooking according to standard portion sizes and recipe specifications. •Maintains a clean and sanitary work station area. •Prepares item for broiling, grilling, frying, sautéing or other cooking methods by portioning. battering, breading, seasoning and/or marinating. •Follows proper plate presentation and garnish set up for all dishes. •Handles, stores, labels, and rotates all products properly and in accordance to applicable state laws. •Closes the kitchen properly and follows the closing checklist for kitchen stations. Assists others in closing the kitchen.  Qualifications: •Must be able to read and follow a recipe unsupervised •Must be able to communicate clearly with managers, kitchen and dining room personnel. •Be able to reach, bend, stoop and frequently lift up to 40 pounds •Be able to work in a standing position for tong periods of time (up to 9 hours). •Be able to work in a fast paced kitchen environment  Uniform Requirements: •Clean non-slip shoes, must say non-slip on shoe •Socks must be worn •Clean black non-denim pants or shorts. Shorts cannot be cut-offs and must be long enough to fall within 6” of knees (appropriate chef gear is acceptable) •Clean plain white shirt •Under shirts may be worn •Clean White apron (provided) •Hairnet or hat must be worn






