Oglebay Resort and Conference Center is seeking a Ohio/WV Corporate Sales Manager. Oglebay is a unique 1,700 acre resort nestled in the hills surrounding Wheeling, West Virginia. Wilson Lodge features 270 rooms, 59 premium rooms, the West Spa, casual and fine dining; along with 54 cottages and four Estate Houses. Oglebay is a golfer's paradise with four golf courses including two championship courses at the Speidel Golf Club. The Good Zoo is West Virginia's only accredited zoo, with thirty acres of grounds, a mile and a half train ride, discovery lab, O-gauge train exhibit, and Benedum Theater.  Interacting with people, making connections, figuring out what it takes and stepping it up to win the day; it's what you do. You'll have the opportunity to do this and more as Sales Manager for Oglebay Resort & Conference Center, Wheeling, WV.  As Sales Manager, you will * Understand the competitive landscape and do what it takes to secure business that meets or exceeds revenue expectations and profit goals. * Solicit, negotiate and book new and repeat clients using multiple channels, such as social media, outside calls, and telemarketing. * Capture the client's vision and effectively convey the specifications to appropriate departments, rapidly responding to inquiries, concerns, and issues, ensuring an exceptional client experience and seeding future sales. * Connect with people in a meaningful way, continually innovating to expand the reach with key corporate, business accounts, tapping into the market to elevate the hotel's market share awareness and driving further business. *Fundamentals*  A four-year college degree or equivalent education or experience is required, with one to two years' employment in a related position. Must possess effective verbal and written communications skills. Advanced knowledge of sales and hospitality principles and practices is expected. This position also requires an ability to lift up to 25 pounds.






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed