Description:    When you join SiteLock, a member of the Unitedweb family, you are making a commitment to be part of something cool – even contagious (in a good way). We take a “work hard, play hard\" approach to serving our customers. You can even hang out in the game room on breaks and play pool, ping pong and video games. Breakfast is provided every day (and lunch on Fridays)! Our culture is motivating, innovative and fun, but don’t just take our word for it. We are one of the Best Places to Work as awarded by the Arizona Business Journal. Our products and services are leaders in their Internet-based, technology markets and our focus is on solving real problems for small and medium size businesses. We are one of the fastest rising companies in Arizona and are looking for talented, fun, success-driven people to join our growing team.   SiteLock was founded on the principle that Internet security should no longer be an expensive, intimidating topic, accessible only to large corporations with IT departments full of engineers. We have set out to democratize Internet security, providing an easy-to-use service focused on providing security for small businesses. SiteLock is backed by tenured investors with a heritage in providing web and telecommunications solutions to small businesses.   We are seeking a highly motivated and energetic individual with strong phone Sales Skills to introduce and cross-sell multiple products and services. Use your proven closing, communication, problem-solving skills, and strong work ethic to enroll and cross-sell new and existing customers.   The position will require achieving minimum goals such as closing percentage, revenue per day, efficiency, identifying one-call close opportunities vs. a consultative approach for enterprise accounts, as well as lead qualifying.   Responsibilities will include but not be limited to:  •Calling prospective clients and selling multiple products/services •Assisting clients with product knowledge, enrollment process and identifying business goals and needs •Up-selling existing clients to more robust packages •Maintain and develop a computerized customer and prospect database •Plan and carry out marketing activities to agreed budgets, sales volumes, values, product mix and timescales •Respond to and follow up sales enquiries by email and phone •Maintain and develop existing and new customers through individual account support, and internal order-processing •Monitor and report on activities and provide relevant management information •Liaise and attend meetings and other company functions necessary to perform duties and aid business and organizational development •Attend training to develop relevant knowledge and skills      Requirements:   Candidates will have strong work ethic, the ability to identify solutions to problems, effective communication skills, the desire to work for an entrepreneurial company and embrace all that comes with it, display and encourage a positive attitude and above all; be enthusiastic about the opportunity to build something with a great company.   Able to communicate via written media. Understands the principles of cost-effectiveness, features-benefits-solutions selling, cost per conversion, etc. Appreciates need for consistency within company's branding and marketing mix, especially the Internet.   Must be an excellent telephone communicator. Able to demonstrate success and experience managing accounts for small to mid-size businesses.   Computer skills: Must be adept in use of MS Office 2000 or later, particularly Excel and Word. Access or similar database to basic level, Internet and email. Some knowledge of webhosting or website security would be beneficial but not required   Please go to this link in order to apply online: www.example.com   






