Job Purpose: Develops and improves product layouts and installation instructions, creates Bills of Materials, provides customers with technical assistance and supports engineering and quality improvements.     Technical Product Support Job Duties:  1. Evaluates and creates installation instructions by applying knowledge of product design, fabrication, and assembly of product.    2. Improves installation instructions based on the feedback and interaction with customers and installers  3. Improves installation efficiency by analyzing and providing clear instructions in an optimal sequential order.   4. Ensures product instruction database is organized, maintained and communicates to all personnel affected by changes made.   5. Creates and ensures dimensional accuracy of site plan and layouts using auto cad  6. Ensure that all aspects related to the Design and Development process related to this position are met   7. Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.   8. Manage and create Bill of Materials, routers and Item Masters.  9. Coordinate priorities to ensure deadlines are met and provide clear and constant communication with internal teams, suppliers, and customers.  10. Comply with all Xccent safety requirements.  Identify and report all safety problems  11. Other duties as assigned  Professional Skill Sets: Dealing with Complexity, Informing Others, Manufacturing Methods and Procedures, Manufacturing Quality, Product Development, Presenting Technical Information.    QUALIFICATIONS:  1. Associates degree in Drafting or related field, or equivalent work experience.  2. A minimum of 1 year proven work experience in related field.   3. Proficient working knowledge of; AutoCAD and Microsoft office applications, SolidWorks experience is also a plus.  4. Excellent proven technical writing skills used in the development of installation manuals, ISO, and all other detailed engineering required documentation.    5. Superior communication skills and abilities, including presentation, verbal, and written to communicate at all levels internally and externally in an effective manner.  Working knowledge of communication tools such as emails, spreadsheets, project planners, etc.      The duties listed above are representative responsibilities of the position and are not all-inclusive.  






associate-needed 1-year-experience-needed