***Important: we are only looking for candidates with past credit card processing/merchant services experience  DIRECT PIVOTAL SALES (DPS) is a nationwide provider of Credit Card Processing Services and Internet Commerce Solutions to small and mid-sized businesses. As part of our nationwide sales team expansion, we are seeking career minded Account Executives to join our national sales team.  Our must have services allow virtually any kind of business, whether it is a retail, wholesale, internet, mobile or mail order company, home based or service business to increase sales, save money and better serve their clients by accepting an all encompassing suite of electronic payment processing services. Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, Debit Cards, Electronic Checks, Mobile Phone Processing and Mobile SMS Text Marketing Services.  You will be responsible for educating and enrolling new clients via referral relationships, and direct prospecting efforts. The Account Executive position offers an excellent compensation package, with first year earnings expectation of $50,000-80,000.    Training, support, and deal closing assistance provided by a dedicated manager and proven Sales Techniques and Models.  Candidates will be expected to generate 70-80% of the appointments they run.  After a proven track record of  successfully converting potential clients, 2-4 (extremely hot) leads per day will be furnished by DPS from our in house call center.    Upfront (draw) Income available   New Merchant Acquisition Bonus, credit card processing, FREE Equipment Placement Program, Cash Advance Program (offer your merchant up to $150,000 to grow their business), eCommerce Payment Gateways, Wireless solutions, Leasing Commissions, Check Processing, ACH Recurring Payments, Gift/Loyalty/Stored Value Cards  Requirements:  As a Direct Pivotal Sales Account Executive, you must be performance driven, with the ability excel in a competitive and entrepreneurial environment. For consideration, we seek candidates that possess:   MUST HAVE A LAPTOP (our cost analysis model runs on a laptop).  *Minimum one (1) year inside or outside sales experience in merchant services with current industry knowledge *Four year College degree is suggested, but not required *Strong prospecting, networking, and business development skills. *Demonstrated record of achievement *Must be self-motivated and goal driven *PC, Microsoft Office and Internet literate *Team player with an entrepreneurial spirit  www.example.com 






1-year-experience-needed bs-degree-needed full-time-job salary