Quality Therapy and Consultation has been providing exceptional therapy service in the Chicagoland area since 1989. Join a small but rapidly growing therapy company servicing in and around the Chicagoland area. We have over 25 locations servicing the suburbs and throughout Chicagoland. We are currently in need of part-time IT Support Technician for our facilities in Chicago and surrounding suburbs.  *Application Requirements:*  _The Applicant must:_ • Be able and willing to travel 60% - 80% of the time. _Reliable transportation (with a valid/current driver’s license) is required._ • Possess a well-rounded background in IT, including current information technology student or have a college degree in computer/IT science(s) • Have excellent communication, patience, teamwork and leadership skills • Be able to work independently and in teams • Be able to work a minimum of 20 hours per week (during day, no evening positions available). Potential for more hours as position develops.  *Job Description:*  Under supervision, the IT Support Technician will provide technical software, hardware, and network problem resolution to all Quality Therapy and Consultation computer users by performing question/problem diagnosis and guiding uses through step-by-step solution.  _The IT Support Technician must:_ • Clearly communicate technical solutions in a user-friendly, professional manner • Provide one-on-one end-user training as needed • Troubleshoot network printer problems • Pass more complex end-user problems on to Supervisor • Conduct software and hardware inventory • Field all Help Desk tickets submitted by the administrative office and offsite staff • Perform related work as required  *Key Duties and Responsibilities* _(examples of key duties and responsibilities are interpreted as being descriptive and are not restrictive in nature):_ 1. Identifies, diagnosis, and resolves problems for employees that experience issues with their computer, software, hardware, facility network, internet, and new computer technology. 2. Provides one-on-one end-user problem resolution over the phone, in-person, or via remote sessions for the scope of the company. 3. Delivers, tags, sets up, and assists in the configuration of end-user PC desktop and laptop software, hardware, and peripherals. 4. Diagnosis and resolves end-user network or local printer problems. PC hardware problems, internet, and local-area network access problems. 5. Performs minor desktop hardware repair for PC computer equipment and peripherals. 6. Assists the Technology Manager in creating an efficient and friendly computing environment for all employees of Quality Therapy and Consultation.  _Rate will be determined based on candidate and experience. Potential for company advancement. Great team atmosphere!_  *If you are interested in joining the Quality Therapy team, please apply online at:* www.example.com.  If you have any questions regarding our locations, open positions, benefits, please email our Recruiting Department.  We invite you to also visit our website at: www.example.com






bs-degree-needed part-time-job