This is a critical and exciting opportunity for a strong analytical thinker who will use SAS-based reporting tools to generate metrics, track the impact of digital initiatives, and develop expertise in the digital customer servicing space. This team member will synthesize large data sets and generate reports by identifying patterns and trends. It provides a significant opportunity to help improve the customer experience globally and have an impact on the bottom line.  Responsibilities include the following:  • Use a SAS-based interface to pull information from a proprietary data warehouse and transform raw data into usable metrics.  • Create and manage a process within the SAS environment that will generate all weekly, monthly, quarter and ad hoc reporting deliverables.  • Provide strategic thought leadership to define the performance metrics used to track the impact of digital servicing initiatives.  • Help design and generate standard performance tracking reports for use in regular communications to internal stakeholders.  • Continuously develop and measure performance metrics, as new digital servicing functionality and capabilities are enabled (e.g. Mobile).  • Segment and analyze OMS (Online Merchant Servicing) data, correlate with merchant servicing call volumes, and identify the linkages between OMS capability enhancements and call reasons.  • Participate in UAT testing for large digital servicing initiatives.   Required Qualifications:  • Expert in SAS and SAS Enterprise Guide or other graphical user interfaces.  • Expert in SQL Programming Language.  • Expert in Excel; knowledge of Access a plus.  • Former experience at American Express a plus.  • Demonstrated analytical thinking and execution skills.  • Demonstrated ability to analyze complex data sets and translate findings into actionable insights.  • Attention to detail.  • Inquisitive nature with motivation to explore and identify reporting tool capabilities.  • Excellent communication skills.  • Excellent team player with a can-do attitude.  • Proven ability to successfully manage multiple priorities in a fast paced environment, with minimal direction.  • Proven ability to solve complex problems.  • Former experience with research, reporting and analytics a plus.  • Knowledge of website analytics a plus.  Solid understanding and knowledge of the digital servicing landscape a plus






supervising-job licence-needed