*Marketing Associate* Salary Range: $45,000 - $55,000  *Position Description:* The Marketing Associate will be responsible for developing, executing, and overseeing marketing and promotional campaigns. This position will also create and manage the social media and plan and promote the company’s philanthropic and charitable giving.   *Major Areas of Responsibility* • Manage marketing plans from inception to execution. • Key point of contact for franchise studios, serving as a marketing resource for reviewing and approving requests for content, assets, promotional items, etc. • Creates marketing materials (templates) and strategies for franchised studios to use. • Create, execute, and track social media marketing efforts. • Track and provide ROI for promotional campaigns and provide recommendations. • Work on special projects as needed. • Supports marketing operations by compiling, formatting, and reporting information and materials. • Work collaboratively with corporate staff and franchise studios to create newsletters, magazines, blog posts and other reoccurring communications along with staying abreast with studio and corporate happenings. • Write and edit copy for promotional materials. • Create and maintain a strategic market planning analysis to include details on the market trends, market characteristics, client demographics, competitor demographics and trends by identifying foreseeable threats to avoid and opportunities to pursue, environmental analysis, customers to serve, competitors to challenge, product characteristics on which the business will compete, market segmentation and product positioning analysis. • Work collaboratively with the graphic designer and possibly liaise with advertising companies and printers to prepare promotional and marketing materials (print and electronic).  • Ensure the deployment of promotional and marketing materials are done within specified time frames. • Conduct research on new and established markets, forecast changes in the market environment, seek and develop areas of business opportunities. • Assist in planning the company’s philanthropic/charitable efforts and coordinating with our partners in such efforts.   *The successful candidate must have:* • Excellent writing and editing ability demonstrated through previously written articles, blog postings, social media posts, marketing plans and reports.  • Excellent written and verbal communication skills. • The ability to multi-task, stay organized, learn quickly, and work well with customers and colleagues alike. • Social media acumen and experience utilizing social media for marketing initiatives. • Familiarity with traditional and electronic publishing, mobile technology, Adobe tools (CS, Acrobat).  *Education and Experience* • Bachelor’s degree in marketing, communications, or related field required. • 2+ years marketing experience in a Marketing role, or equivalent experience from coursework and internships. • Knowledge and expertise in the dance industry preferred but not necessary. • Computer proficiency with Excel, Power Point, Word and Outlook required. • Web design & development skilled are desired. • Strong negotiating and analytical skills required. • Good organizational skills and the ability to manage multiple projects concurrently required.  *Physical Demands* While performing the responsibilities of the job, the employee may be required to lift 50lbs.  *To be considered for this position, you must submit a cover letter, resume, and samples of your work (e.g. writing sample, marketing campaign or ideas, portfolio).*  Only those whose applications are being considered will be contacted. No phone calls please.  Fred Astaire Dance Studios, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer and considers applicants for all positions without regard to race, color, religion, creed, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital or veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other legally protected status.






full-time-job salary bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed