Native French, German, Italian and Spanish Editorial Consultants Needed For Start-Up Translation Project- Temporary/Contract   At HotelTonight we are committed to creating incredible experiences that travelers love and want to tell their friends about. We’re looking for a razor-sharp communicator (or four) with a wicked sense of humor to help us continue building a world-class brand from the ground up. We’re building amazing experiences by questioning the standard way of doing things.  This is a temporary, contract, work-from-home project to be completed before Dec 1 (estimated), with potential for PT freelance writing/translation work thereafter. Please make sure to include your HotelTonight writing samples with your application (see below for details).  WHAT YOU'LL DO  • Lead the development of HotelTonight's unique editorial voice for Europe in your native language (French, German, Italian or Spanish) • Create a style guide for that European country, taking into consideration cultural sensitivities and nuances • Translate and manage translation of existing app copy, everything from profiles of hotels we work with to error messages to FAQs • Translate and manage translation of consumer and supplier facing communication • Infuse the HT style and voice into all translated communications • Ensure consistency in tone and grammar across all copy (we're casual and cool, but we care about commas)  WHAT WE'RE LOOKING FOR IN YOU  • Editorial/copywriting or linguistics experience • Thorough understanding of European culture and trends • Brilliant sense of humor. Mad attention to detail. A born communicator, on and off the page • Multicultural, multilingual background • Native speaker of French, German, Italian or Spanish, and fully fluent in English • You love travel, visiting new places and staying at cool hotels • You have a strong desire to be a part of something new, exciting and super fast-paced   Want to apply?  • Please submit your cover letter, resume and writing sample (details below). • Create a sample “Why We Like It” profile for your favourite hotel in a city where HotelTonight is not currently operating. The sample should follow the same format used in the app, mirror the HotelTonight voice and be written in English and one other language (French, German, Italian or Spanish).  • Translate the \"Why We Like It\" from your favourite profile currently on the app into your native language, making sure it is culturally and locally appropriate.






