Supply Chain Systems Analysis & Support     The Analyst will become an expert in Synapse WMS and closely related systems & tools. Analyst will be responsible for setup of new customers in Synapse and related systems.  Analyst will be responsible for ongoing configuration changes in Synapse and related systems to support changing customer requirements. Analyst will provide day to day support, coaching, and training to internal Synapse users & customers.  Analyst will work with customers and internal users to develop new and improve existing Crystal Reports.  Analyst will work with new and existing customers to support custom label development as needed.  Analyst will become a primary expert in the ProShip Parcel Shipping system and related shipping standards provided by the major parcel carriers.    The Analyst will be responsible for day to day operations of all Electronic Interfacing activities, including but not limited to, EDI, XML, and Flat File transfers between various business partners.  Analyst will be responsible for implementing new transaction sets and updating existing as business demands require.  Analyst will be required to adequately document all existing and new EI activities.  Analyst will be required to monitor logs and develop reports to ensure that EI transactions are completed successfully.    In addition, All IT department members are equally responsible for level 1 tech support of basic systems (non-WMS) issues, and will be expected to escalate internally or to outside resources as required.  IT department members are expected to participated in special projects, outside the scope of their normal position, as needed.    Essential Responsibilities Of The Position    *Works conjunctly with warehouse employees to investigate/examine needs, issues, and concerns about current and future warehouse processes.    *Become an Operational Subject Matter Expert of Synapse working hand in hand with both operations and Information Systems.    *Works in conjunction with Information Technology management to manage systemic improvements as they occur.    *Assist with applying business process improvement practices to re-engineer methodologies/principles and business process modernization projects.    *Assists with the development and application of organization-wide information models for use in designing and building integrated systems.    *Develop and maintain proper documentation of systems configuration and changes.    *Develop skills to utilize current reporting software.    *Responsible for ensuring smooth day to day operation of Electronic Interfaces with various business partners.    *Responsible for implementing new and changing existing Electronic Interfaces with business partners.    Essential Knowledge Areas    *Direct experience supporting a Warehouse Management Systems (WMS) package, or a Tier 1 ERP system with an advanced WMS module.    *Direct Experience in a industry with a strongly regulated or complex supply chain (Retail, Grocery, Medical, Automotive, etc.).    *Experience in implementing and supporting EDI for multiple customers and trading partners.    *Strong SQL Skills, Oracle Platform Preferred.    *Visual Basic &/or VB.NET     *Crystal Reports Experience    *Strong hands on knowledge of supporting Supply Chain technologies UPC/GTINs, GS/UCC128 Labeling, VICS Bills of Lading.    *Strong computer skills. WMS, MS Excel, MS Word, MS Access, Visio, Autocad.    *Knowledge of data reporting tools and techniques strongly desired, but not required.  Examples include SSRS, Crystal Reports, Business Objects, Cognos, MicroStrategy, FrX.    *Knowledge of Electronic Interfacing methods (EDI, XML, Flat File, etc.) and related transport methods (EDI VAN, AS2, FTP, etc.).    *Add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals.     *Bilingual Spanish/English skills a plus.    Essential Traits    *Seasoned self-starter, a thorough yet quick thinker.    *Effective oral and written communication skills at all levels.    *Proven ability to communicate and interact in a professional manner with customers and    employees.    *Possess a high attention to detail to detect discrepancies on records or reports.    *Have the ability to listen for hidden messages to obtain information from customers and warehouse staff.    *Be punctual, is concerned about attendance, and attentiveness. Meets commitments, accepts responsibility, and stays focused under pressure. Adheres to established guidelines and rules of the organization.    *Follow up and follow through on commitments made.    Key Results    Performing the responsibilities of the position will successfully achieve the ISO objectives to    *Improve productivity    *Increase warehouse revenue to labor cost ratio    *Maintain Ship accuracy    *Increase Revenue    Qualifications    The Analyst must be a highly motivated self- starter that has demonstrated the ability to meet deadlines most of which are driven by the customer.  As such, reliability and follow-through are required.  Excellent interpersonal and communication skills are necessary along with having strong analytical skills with an ability to present views in a convincing, creative, clear and impactful manner - both written and orally.    This position requires a background in Supply Chain management, Finance, and Business Management. The OI Specialist relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals and possess the demeanor and patience to work with anyone across all levels of the organization. Proficiency in Excel, Word and PowerPoint is necessary.    Physical Requirements    The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential duties of this job.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  While performing the duties of this job, the employee must:     *Regularly sit, and use hands to finger, handle or feel or to talk or hear.      *Stand for long lengths of time; walk the length and width of the warehouse; and stoop, kneel or crouch to process product.    *Climb and/or balance.     *Occasionally lift and/or move more than fifty pounds.     *Ability to safely operate heavy warehouse machinery.     Work Environment    The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential duties of this job.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.       * The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate to loud.    * The temperature in the work environment can vary from extreme heat to extreme cold in the elements of rain and snow.    Education/Experience    The minimum education and experience requirement for this is a Bachelors degree in Business Management, Supply Chain Management, Information Technology, or similar subject area. Relative experience in a logistics setting is preferred.    To be successful in this job, an individual must be able to perform each responsibility, have required knowledge and possess the traits listed in this document.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform essential functions.  






part-time-job bs-degree-needed supervising-job