Hughes Search is an established and well respected financial services recruitment firm.  We are actively recruiting -  Experienced - Licensed Agents who are looking to extend their success in a  professional workplace and the opportunity to build a broad base of business to  potentially include Financial Planning and associated services.  Compensation  Includes base salary + commissions + fees + benefits during the initial 12 month training program. Eventual transition to independent contractor status.  The Top 10 percent of financial advisors regularly earn more than $165,000.  Book of Business  Successful candidate will receive an existing book of business.  Candidate must be entrepreneurial, driven and resourceful. Someone looking to  become a Financial Planner/Advisor in a professional environment. Ready to step  up and serve a special group of people - Middle Income Americans. In fact, the  successful candidate will work extensively with members of the US military and  their families.   Other niche markets include Federal Employees + Government Contractors.  Special hiring preference is given to Military Vets.  Qualities  Sales Acumen. Relationship building. Decisiveness. Integrity. Drive. Resilience.  Coachability.  If you have these qualities, we'd like to speak with you.  Training Program  This will help you supplement the critical skills you already have with the knowledge  necessary to become a successful. This is widely acknowledged as one of the  outstanding training programs in the industry.  More about the Opportunity  All agents work as fiduciaries and there are no proprietary products to sell. No office charges (includes Admin Support) or other fees charged to the  associate during initial 12 month training period.   This is an outstanding opportunity for the right individual.  All associates are customer-focused as well as entrepreneurial. You will help  your clients positively change their lives. Backed by the leadership, support and  one of the finest platforms of products and services in the business.  Get Started  The next step is to tell us a bit more about yourself. We are seeking high achievers  with proven records of success in their careers and lives.  The following statements will help you to determine if this is an opportunity for you:  -I would thrive in a client focused, sales driven environment.  -The opportunity to learn the financial planning and build a business is exciting.  -I am a goal driven individual who is comfortable developing and maintaining strong  relationships with clients after extensive training is provided.  The next step in the recruitment process is to present us with your professional  credentials.  Include specifics - success stories and awards as an Insurance agent.  We would like for you to share your background, communication skills, and  personality with us! Please also share with us why you are interested in this  opportunity and why you think this is the right career path for you.  We look forward to speaking with you.  Please send professional credentials along with a cover letter outlining your  experience and current production.  






salary bs-degree-needed