AXA Advisors is a leader in helping individuals and businesses address their financial goals through financial strategies, investment services and risk management. We have more than 50 branches across the country employing approximately 6,000 financial professionals. AXA Advisors is an equal opportunity employer committed to a workplace that is diverse, inclusive and merit-based.  We’re looking for highly motivated, achievement-driven individuals who want the opportunity to establish and grow a financial services practice with the support and strength of one of the nation’s leading financial services firms.  As an AXA Advisors financial professional, you’ll be part of a recognized, respected company that offers:  • High earnings potential and comprehensive benefits • Training, support and hands-on management • Advancement/management opportunities  Our work environment is fast-paced, energetic and enthusiastic. If you have an entrepreneurial mindset and are not looking for just a job, then this is the place for you.   Job Description:  • Analyze financial information obtained from clients to determine strategies, products and services to help clients meet their financial objectives.  • Provide information/education to clients about the purpose and details of financial products, services and strategies.  • Build and maintain client base, keep client plans up-to-date and acquire new clients on an ongoing basis.  • Contact clients periodically to determine if there have been changes in their financial status.  • Provide knowledgeable, objective financial guidance and customized strategies to consumer segments that demand high quality service You don’t need to have a finance or economics degree to be a successful financial professional.  At AXA Advisors, training is a process not an event, whereby our financial professionals, at every level of experience, build their business. You will participate in national and local development programs and joint work opportunities that provide comprehensive knowledge and skill training. We encourage and support the pursuit of professional designations that are recognized and respected by clients and others in the industry, including CFP®, Chartered Financial Consultant and Chartered Life Underwriter.  Requirements:  • Results-driven, highly motivated, self-starter who possesses integrity, a strong work ethic and the desire to help others plan for and protect their financial futures. • Team player who possesses excellent interpersonal skills and communication abilities, with a high degree of self-confidence. • Ability to draw upon past/present experiences and acquaintances to develop markets and build upon them to sustain long-term relationships.  • Must be a US Citizen or permanent resident • A four-year college degree is preferred and relevant professional FINRA securities registrations are a plus. If you do not have the following, you will be required to attain them, under the sponsorship of AXA Advisors: state life and health licenses, FINRA Series 7 and 66 registrations. • MBA, JD, CFP®, CPA or ChFC, a plus.  Individuals who excel at AXA Advisors come from many different professional backgrounds including:  • Law  • Brokerage  • Banking  • Management  • Accounting  • Sales About AXA AXA Advisors, LLC is a leading provider of financial services for consumers and businesses, working with clients to help them define and pursue their financial goals.  It is a broker/dealer and the retail distribution channel for AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company(NY, NY), which provides life insurance and annuities for the financial services market.    In business since 1859, AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company (formerly The Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States) is a leading financial protection company and nationwide issuer of life insurance and annuity products. AXA Equitable is a member of the global AXA Group, which as of December 31, 2010, had approximately 93 million individual and corporate clients worldwide. AXA Group had over 91 billion Euros in total revenues as of December 31, 2010 and operates in 57 countries1. “AXA Group” refers to AXA, a French holding company for a group of international insurance and financial services companies, together with its direct and indirect consolidated subsidiaries.  AXA Advisors and AXA Equitable are part of the AXA Group, a worldwide leader in financial protection and wealth management.  AXA Group’s operations are diverse geographically, with major operations in Western Europe, North America, and the Asia/Pacific region. The AXA ordinary share is listed on the Paris Stock Exchange and trades under the symbol CS. The AXA American Depositary Share is traded in the US over-the-counter(OTC) market and is quoted on the OTCQX under the symbol AXAHY. AXA Equitable is solely responsible for its life insurance and annuity obligations.  AXA Advisors, LLC, Member SIPC is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V.  1 As of 12/31/10.  AXA is based in France where the official currency is the Euro.  GE- 60317 (02/11)






