Responsible for the team that will do observations and audit function, against the defined training course-maps, industry standards and Customer materials. Ensure tracking of all employee training and development initiatives and provide an e-learning solution through our Learning Management Systems.    This position will communicate with Senior Management on the success and challenges faced within the training organization, pre hire, in training and  post production. They will provide the framework that ensures Associates and Leadership are delivering the best experience to our front line team.    This person will work with the support teams to understand operational challenges, then work on how we can proactively in training mitigate those operational challenges.     This candidate should have a vast knowledge of the contact center business.    *Major Responsibilites*    Develop and maintain an adaptable Training Organization that serves the Training needs for the company. Responsibilities include:      • Long term/strategic planning and budget planning/analysis.   • Result-oriented quality measurement and applying appropriate measurements when applicable.   • Marketing knowledge for the promotion and advertising of training initiatives and campaigns.   • Organizational team participation and implementation of strategic initiatives.   • Focus  on creating high-value customized support solutions for our clients and delivering increased customer satisfaction   • Manage team of mid level managers and direct them to look at the business from an analytical standpoint.  • Analyze what are the drivers behind success and opportunities within the training organization  • Analyze post training performance and working in tandem with the operations and BI teams to help the organization as a whole be smarter about what and how we deliver training to our front line teams  • Create controlled innovative solutions and training deliverables that elevate the learning environment  • Define and measure against the Training SOPs and Certification elements  • Maintain and Monitor Training Professional Certification Requirements      As a trusted sourcing partner, our clients’ business objectives become our business objectives.  Every day, we strive to better understand our clients’ competitive and market challenges so that we can play a more effective role as a trusted sourcing partner.  We build customer loyalty and reduce total cost of ownership through specific actionable continuous improvement efforts       *Decision Making Authority*     • Normally receives minimal instructions on routine work and limited instructions on new assignments. Work assignments are complex in nature where judgment is required in resolving problems and making recommendations. Applies knowledge of the job, and company policies and principles to complete a wide range of tasks.   • Work is performed under supervision of the VP of Support Services. Responsible for the supervision of Corporate Training Managers. Responsible for the direction, coordination and evaluation of the department and can include; interviewing, hiring, and training employees; planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding and disciplining employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems.       *Knowledge, Skill and Abilities*    • Complete understanding of the general and technical aspects of training.   • Fluent in verbal and written English, bi-lingual is a plus.  • Ability to effectively communicate and interact with all levels of personnel within the organization, including presenting information and responding to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers.  • Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists.   • Ability to plan own work and the work of others in one or more departments.   • Ability to prepare and/or develop plans for projects and programs involving coordination with other departments and/or outside organizations.   • Ability to adapt to changing priorities, meet deadlines and work well under pressure.   • Ability to nurture and develop a team environment.   • Ability to exercise initiative and judgment as well as make decisions within the scope of assigned authority.   • Ability to incorporate adult learning theory when facilitating training.   • Advanced knowledge of various talent management practices and theories.  • Ability to supervise and motivate others.   • Strong math skills to include knowledge of basic statistics.   • Ability to evaluate training of all functions at multiple sites.   • Advanced skills in establishing and maintaining effective working relationships.  • Strong computer skills including Windows Office Products.    *Education/Experience*       • Bachelors Degree (BS) from a four (4) year college or university or equivalent combination of education and related experience.   • Minimum 5 years related experience with a minimum of two (2) years supervisory/ management experience is required.     *Travel Requirements*    • Frequent travel is required approximately 70%  






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job