Cloud Computing Reseller - IT Consultant  Proven advanced and superior Cloud Computing IT services platform that is quickly taking over small and medium sized business IT services market.  Now you have the opportunity to get in early on a huge leap forward in cloud computing technology and the profitability of being an early mover. This reseller opportunity is being offered on a very limited basis. There are no fees to become our reseller. We are very “franchise-like” in our approach to business, except we have none of the associated fees.  Several years in development, this improved cloud platform can put you ahead of your competition by at least 3 to 5 years. There is no other Cloud Computing program or company offering anything nearly as advanced as what you now have the opportunity to promote.  We are not just another flavor of VMware, Citrix, or MS. We offer you a highly unique, superior and complete cloud solution.  One small example: We run 20x faster that any existing VMware  installation.  You can now offer all applications, services, backup, security -- everything from a single platform (or offer a hybrid solution). You need no technical skills to become successful at selling this service. You are not required to offer any technical services to your clients.   The future promise of Cloud Computing has arrived right now. Think of our Cloud Computing service as an app for IT… for any type small, medium  or enterprise sized business.  This is proven technology with SMB and enterprise companies running extremely successfully long-term.   We are now launching on a national basis and are looking for local and regional partners to join us in reaping the rewards in the next big shift in computing technology.  What we offer:  - A complete cloud solution for business IT needs - A unique cloud solution that can win you competitive bids every time due to lower price and enhanced functionality - A rock solid cloud solution for your customers that will keep them as loyal clients forever - A cloud IT system that saves your clients big money and can double or triple your net profit within 12 months - A method of exploding your net profit without expanding your payroll - Sales and marketing methods that are honest, straight forward and make your competitors look like rookies - Marketing assistance, coaching and training  Who we are looking for:  - An IT services business owner, or a business equipment reseller that is already established as a business presence in the community or a sales professional that has an established client base that wants to expand into a Cloud Computing IT service that is highly profitable. - A business owner that is willing to sell every day or has a sales crew that is ready to sell with intensity and purpose. - You must be willing to cold call and network throughout the community - You must be willing to follow a proven system of sales success - Someone that is forward thinking that understands that sales and marketing are crucial to business success - An IT professional, equipment sales business owner or sales professional that wants to make a lot more money than they are right now - Someone that is willing to give 100% toward promoting this superior technology, once convinced of its true merits - An individual that will be willing to become the go-to expert on cloud computing in your region - Someone interested in the business building side of business.   Our technology represents a huge change and leap forward for IT services providers. You can either hop on the train to prosperity or get left behind in the past.  This is a very limited opportunity. We don’t want to flood the marketplace with resellers. If you want to investigate our technology further and find out if you are qualified for acceptance into our reseller program, respond with your resume today.






