Independent Sales Manager – Cloud Computing  This is a 100% straight commission sales manager position with large unlimited lifetime residuals and overrides in a very hot market. If you are willing to learn our proven sales system for extreme sales management success, this can be the highest paying sales manager position you will find anywhere.  The commissions are very generous and are paid monthly for the lifetime of each account. Your first year income can be in excess of $450,000 to as much as $800,000 or more. Multiple 7-figure annual income potential, for those who are willing to put in consistent long-term effort toward developing your region.  We furnish you with:  1. a proven sales system that can enable you and your sales representatives to close an average of 74% of your qualified prospects  2. targeted prospect lists that include enriched data for your region  3. a live demo cloud computing account for each rep so you can demonstrate our cloud service  4. on-going training and personal coaching from seasoned experts  5. lead generating marketing support  6. a career opportunity that has unlimited income and growth potential  Cloud Computing is an extremely hot topic these days among C-Level executives and small business owners. In fact Cloud Computing is the hottest area of business right now and will be for the foreseeable future.  Our Cloud Computing service is cutting edge and unmatched by any competitor. We have revolutionized the way small and medium sized companies do computing!  Position Requirements:  1. We are looking for a sales manager that is ready, willing and able to learn our sales system and make 120 phone calls per day to area businesses using a proven sales method.  2. Once you gain proficiency with our selling system, you will be awarded the ability to recruit and train a regional sales force that you can gain very substantial additional income from.  3. Prospecting for new business is a key element to your success. Therefore, you will need persistence and must be self-motivated to succeed. You must be growth minded.  4. You must have a clear easy to understand English language speaking voice.  5. Business-to-business technical sales management experience a plus, but not absolutely necessary.  6. An inner drive to succeed and a willingness to work hard for huge financial gain is absolutely necessary.  7. The ability to sell on the phone and in person to small and medium size business owners and C-level decision makers is required.  8. If you meet these requirements, apply now and you will be given complete details before you make a final decision.  This is most likely the highest paying sales manager position on the planet.  Submit your resume now.  Keywords:  sales manager, sales management, commissioned sales manager, highest paying sales manager position, sales manager position, outside sales manager, outside business to business sales manager, outside direct sales manager, territory sales manager, territory sales manager, territory account sales manager, territory sales management, direct sales manager, business development sales manager, business development sales management, business to business sales manager, telephone sales manager, appointment setting sales manager, business development manager, sales development manager, sales management executive, sales outside manager, sales professional manager, sales person manager, sales manager sales management, sales software, technical sales, sales manager top company hiring, sales manager technology, commission sales manager, huge override commissions sales manager






