What we offer:  • Immediate, FULL-TIME, consistent work • Outstanding Benefits package available including 401K, medical, dental, vacation. • A stable work environment – we have been in business for over 33 years - $55/hour salaried position plus $85/day per diem  Description:  1. Oversee the daily operations at assigned sites.  2. Maintain daily paperwork required for the site and the crew.  3. Implement and follow through with job instructions provided by the Project Manager.  4. Schedule and manage subcontractors and materials delivery.  5. Ensure safety and quality control requirements at your sites and with your crew.  6. Compile all site-specific closeout documentation for your work effort.  7. Coordinate with customer representative for site related activities and maintain a good working relationship with customer representative.  8. Provide leadership, guidance and actively train / promote learning to all crew members.  9. Maintain equipment and vehicles in an operational condition at all times.  10. 3 weeks of 6-10s and then 10 days off  Requirements:  1. At least 2 years of industry experience.  2. Demonstrated expertise in construction skills, rigging, safety and general industry knowledge.  3. Job related certifications – safety, rescue, CPR and connector attachment  4. Organizational, computer and communication skills.  5. Must be able to read and interpret site plans, construction drawings and scopes of work.  6. Must possess a valid driver’s license and comply with company motor vehicle policy.  7. Recognize and provide a safe work site with acceptable quality and efficiency.  8. Ability to lead, teach and train proper work and safety procedures.  9. Must be able to provide, record and manage paperwork  10. Present professional image at all times. 11. Must be able to travel to remote cell sites in Arizona and New Mexico.  Please go to www.example.com and click on the Careers tab to complete our online application.






full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed hourly-wage supervising-job