We are offering a short term (2-3 month) full time sub-contract position, with the potential to transition to permanent position.    Job Description: Multi-office Midwest law firm with main office in Buffalo Grove, IL, seeks individual to join our small, but elite IT department.   Primary duty would be assisting to support attorneys, paralegals, secretaries, support staff and the accounting department - mostly via phone using remote control tools.   You will be supporting,  Windows XP and Windows 7 Pro MS Office 2003 and 2010 (especially Outlook and email issues) HP desktops, laptops and printers Lexmark MFP’s supporting printing, faxing and scanning Networking connectivity VoIp phone usage Windows 7 Pro/MS Office 2010 rollout Internet connectivity (DSL and cable) Setting up new users and making changes as necessary Updating firm IT procedures and help desk manual  Some law firm experience would be helpful.  An ideal candidate would also have experience in the following: Windows 2003/2008 servers (building, troubleshooting and maintaining) VMware Symantec Endpoint anti-virus and Backup exec Veeam backup Sonicwall firewalls and SSL VPN ShoreTel VoIp phone system Active Directory, Terminal Services Blackberry, iPhone, iPad, Andriod cell phones MPLS WAN  Experience with supporting with law firm case management software (we use Client Profiles)   Job Requirements:  5+ years’ experience in related activity, preferable in a law office.   College or IT trade school degree MSCE or related certification  The ideal candidate must have strong organizational and communications skills, along with good customer relationship skills.  90% of support will be over the phone using remote control tools. A professional appearance, attention to detail and meticulous follow up skills are also required.  You will be working in our Buffalo Grove location, but some local travel is required within 300 mile area.  You must be able to lift at least 50lbs.     






associate-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job