*ClienTrax*  *Software Implementer II -- Full Time exempt*  Since 1987 ClienTrax has been singularly focused to providing cutting edge business solutions including practice management software / EMR, PC equipment, implementation services and digital x-ray to the Veterinary medical profession from our headquarters in Columbus Ohio. We view our customers as our partners as we strive to provide them today with efficient and effective technology solutions for tomorrow.  *Technical support technicians are the key to our organization’s success.* Our technical solutions are industry leading and forward thinking, however it is our support team that separates us from our competitive peers. Having a desire to make a difference for our customers and conveying a daily positive attitude is essential to be successful in this position.  *Duties and Responsibilities:*  Implement various technology solutions via on-site implementations & phone/webinar training sessions to veterinary professionals across the country. Implementations may include both software usage training and installation of computer equipment, printers and software in a small office local configuration. * Organize daily training sessions to ensure delivery of successful implementations & training programs. * Work with Sales to educate them and assist them with selling and implementation of all technology solutions. * Work cooperatively with Director of Operations on travel implementation schedule. Travel to Veterinarian practices at least 3 weeks a month to successfully implement and train clinics on the assigned solution. * Follow-up with each practice implemented to capture feedback and assist in any issues that may have arisen. * Capture new software and hardware requirements and communicate those to the Product Development teams. * Implementation of other technology products offered by ClienTrax. * Manages complex travel schedule efficiently and establishes disciplines in monitoring expenses. Organization of receipts, documentation, and equipment while traveling are essential. * Assist with product development and testing of new product offerings as assigned by Director of Operations Provide practice management software technical phone support to existing customer base when not traveling. Responsibilities include: * Researches, resolves, and responds to complex questions received via incoming telephone calls or returned calls placed to clients. * Proactively educates client on why technical issue occurred and what steps to take in the future to avoid such issue(s). * Provides step by step verbal and/or written instructions to users to ensure user satisfaction and productivity. * Completes a trouble ticket for each call which includes the customer's name, issue and steps taken to resolve the issue. * Escalates issue to Sr. Support Tech if unable to resolve issue within acceptable time frame. * Creates documents outlining obscure or rare technical issues and research done to resolve the issue. Submits document to Sr. Support Technician for review and inclusion in the knowledgebase. *Required / Preferred Qualifications:*  *Education:* Bachelors' degree with preference for major in veterinary technology, animal science, zoology or computer science or equivalent combination of education and experience.  *Work Experience:* Demonstrated competency in computer software implementations and training strongly preferred. Demonstrated experience in delivering training to small groups. Minimum 2 years work experience inclusive of training and software implementation (Veterinarian practice experience preferred).  *Technical Skills:* Proficiency in Microsoft Office suite products; working knowledge of Practice Management Software and/or Inventory management software or inventory management principles. Must possess excellent verbal communication and presentation skills with demonstrated understanding of learning principles and ability to train others. Knowledge of function and setup of various equipment: PCs, network interface cards, modems, printers, LAN and Print servers. Computer installation experience is preferred. Conceptual knowledge of the topologies, protocols, drivers and physical layers for desktop networking.  *Physical Requirements:* Ability to lift and carry 50lb box short distance. May also require working in tight cramped locations for short periods of time, as PCs are installed under and in cabinets, closets and tables.  *Travel:* Ability to travel essential 75% or more and work weekends as needed/contracted by client.






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job