LOCAL QUALIFIED CANDIDATES ONLY    PLEASE SUBMIT RESUME AND SALARY REQUIREMENTS      JOB DUTIES:    • Provide direction and leadership to the shipping department.  This will ensure the smooth flow of materials to and from the manufacturing areas  • Understand corporate and materials group goals and establish goals to support continuous improvement in these areas.  • Maintain an open line of communication between customer service, manufacturing, and shipping groups so that any issues are met and resolved.  • Maintain a level of professionalism within the shipping team that is consistent with all FTI policies.  • Encourage all team members to commit to success.  • Work closely with all managers to ensure our customers’ requirements are met on time.  • Work to eliminate waste and improve our value added effort.  • Responsibilities include training associates, planning, assigning and directing work on the shifts, conducting performance appraisals, rewarding and disciplining associates, addressing complaints, and resolving problems.  • Supervise and execute overall operations of the shipping department.  • Ensure stock is rotated on a FIFO basis.  • Assist with year-end physical inventory according to financial activities.  • Reads, understands and conforms to ISO/TS procedures with a primary focus relevant work instructions.  • Plan and attend required department meetings with leaders and management to discuss plans, results, problems, and scheduled production.  • Must work in a safe manner at all times, abiding by the rules set for the work area.  Immediately report any seen or foreseen problems in work area to leader or management.  • Maintain a clean work environment continuously throughout the day by properly disposing of debris and keeping work area clean.    PREFERRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:    • Self-directed with continuous mental and visual attention required while performing multiple tasks with a high level of accuracy and quality.  • Common intelligence, courtesy, and a cooperative spirit needed to respond to changing production needs, internal departments, associate questions, purchase goods or follow-up on shipments, and report serious problems immediately to supervisor.  • Ability to interpret a variety of instructions in oral, written, or diagram, manual or schedule form and regularly use simple writing or arithmetic skills to calculate figures and amounts such as percentages, weights, and volume.  • Possess a thorough knowledge of manufacturing and material flow operations and work through problems making sound judgment decisions based upon prior manufacturing experience.  • Possess working knowledge of Microsoft Programs such as Word, Excel, Internet Explorer, PowerPoint and Outlook.  Will be required to enter data into spreadsheets and initiate or respond to emails.  Ability to learn SAP modules supporting materials group.  • Moderate physical effort required consisting of standing or walking 6-8 hours, sitting 1-3 hours, regular lifting up to 50 pounds to maneuver various sized and type of material, twisting, bending and squatting, pushing and pulling, climb stairs, and constant use of arms to fingers to inspect product or components, assist, write or type reports.  • Required to wear safety equipment as identified for the area at all times on the production floor.    MINIMUM EDUCATION AND TRAINING REQUIREMENTS TO QUALIFY FOR THIS POSITION:    • Associates Degree required in business or a related curriculum.   • Two years supervisory experience in a material handling/inventory control environment preferred.  • Required specific training:  SAP Modules:  MM = Inventory Management and Physical Inventory, Hi-Lo, Crane, Aerial Lift license, and ISO/TS department procedures and instructions  • Preferred specific training:  FIFO, basic supervisory, Problem Solving.  Microsoft programs.  .






2-4-years-experience-needed associate-needed supervising-job