HUMAN RESOURCES//CORPORATE RECRUITERS SHOULD NOT APPLY.  THIS IS NOT A SEARCH FOR TRADITIONAL PERSONNEL RECRUITERS  *Summary:* National Healthcare Consulting Firm provides consulting and professional services to national and regional healthcare organizations.  The (Managed Care Consultant- Network Development) is responsible for the recruitment of a broad range of healthcare provider specialties into client health plan networks.  Solicited providers will include a variety of specialties, small, medium and large group practices, selected ancillary providers and rural hospitals.  *Essential Functions: * The (Managed Care Consultant- Network Development) is responsible for effectively recruiting, negotiating and procuring contracts from healthcare providers who meet client needs.  Recruiter is responsible for updating the prospect data base to reflect all prospect interaction and coordinates activities as necessary within the firm.  Uses team approach to resolve provider contract language and fee schedule negotiations.  Must successfully meet productivity targets as defined by clients, typically national health plans.  Proven ability to work both independently and as part of a team.   *Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: * • BA/BS Degree.  Healthcare related degree preferred but not mandatory  • 5 + years managed care contracting experience soliciting professional provider entities • Possess strong customer focus and a proactive problem solving approach • Excellent written and interpersonal skills with a proactive communication style • Must have strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office applications (Excel, Word, Outlook) • Must be well organized and capable of working independently on a variety of assignments • Contractor is required to possess a professional home office  *Preferred Requirements: * Network Development experience within Medicare, Medicaid, Duals, Commercial, Behavioral Health, LTSS preferred in multiple markets.  *Working Conditions: * Contractor is required to possess a professional home office.  Limited travel/work to targeted market(s) possible.    *Position Type:* Full-Time (1099).  Up to six months or longer engagement.  *Salary: * $25-45/Hour based on experience






5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job supervising-job hourly-wage bs-degree-needed