*EXPERIENCE A MUST in HOME HEALTH CARE/LICENSED HOME CARE AGENCY.*  At least 5 years required.  NO substitution for this experience!  Must know Sandata *Must know Santrax *Must know HCPro *Must know Home Health Exchange *Must know Electronic Visit Verification *Must know how to handle exception reports *Must know Microsoft Suite, including EXCEL *Bilingual English/Spanish preferred  • Input new aides into the system. Change status of current aides to active or inactive as necessary. Input changes to aide information (new address, pay rate, W-4, etc.) • Input new clients into the system, changes in orders, discharge clients, continuation orders • Print weekly clients schedule on Fridays • Print a new client schedule and give to the appropriate coordinator for those new client added during the week days if there are any. • Review all invoices and send to our vendors • Account receivables • Make deposits to the bank for payments received from our vendors (operating account) • Before every payroll deposit or transfer money to our payroll account  • Place a stop payments when an employee’s reports that pay check was not delivered by post office and issue a new check • Payroll, staff and field employee’s - input, review, prepare for officer’s signature • Monthly Bank reconciliation for payroll account • Quarterly wire transfer into Sandata’s accounts for payroll taxes • Payroll Deductions (Union dues, MetLife, garnishments, etc.) • Petty Cash • Send bills to Long Island for payments • Send monthly reports to Long Island (bank reconciliation, accounts receivable) • Fill out NYC housing section 8 forms, daycare forms, social security gross wages forms • Make Weekend attendance calls (if requested) to all patients and document findings. • Other duties as assigned by management  Must be able to pass the triple exclusion background check and have knowledge/experience in corporate compliance auditing and issues.  Member of the Quality Assurance Committee  Located in the Time Square area of Manhattan, easily reachable by buses and subways. Very busy well-established licensed/accredited agency with continued growth and expansion.  *Only apply if you can satisfy all requirements. Thank you






5-plus-years-experience-needed