The Human Resources Coordinator is an employee who maintains personnel record and employment compliance for all personnel. He/She functions under the direction of and reports directly to the CEO.  REQUIREMENTS: 1. Bilingual/Spanish and English. Must be able to speak and write both languages clearly. 2. 5 years experience with Sandata and Santrax systems 3. Must have worked a minimum of 5 years for a home care agency as a HR Coordinator *EXPERIENCED ONLY PLEASE-5 YEARS EXPERIENCE AT A MINIMUM IN H.R. IN HOME CARE*  QUALIFICATIONS: Strong interpersonal skills Detail oriented Able to bend and stretch. Ability to lift up to 10 lbs. on a frequent basis. Must be able to sit for long periods of time. The employee frequently is required to use hands to finger, handle or feel; reach with hands and arms; and talk or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand, walk and file folders in an upright cabinet. Must be able to hear adequately with no more than an amplifier on the telephone Ability to work independently and make sound business decisions Computer literate. Comfortable with technology and the use of standard office programs, networks and external databases/programs.  ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: 1. Maintains personnel compliance by direct contact, mailings, telephone contact and other effective measures 2. Process all incoming references for new applicants 3. Processes all outgoing references for active employees  4. Verification of HHA/PCA certificates from outside agencies as well as professional licenses through the State Education Department  5. Generates reports detailing the field employees expiring requirements to give to the assigned coordinators  6. Notifies workers directly of expiring requirements 7. Notifies supervisor when worker refuses to comply with on-going requirements related to credentialing 8. Filing and recording all the requirements in computer and on file  9. Completes all employee profiles for contracts  10. Processes pending employee applications and recruits students from training programs 11. Setting up employee files 12. Prepares letters of offers for employment to those who have met all criteria for employment. Places a copy in each personnel file.  13. Updates personnel records manually and on the computer as required and within a reasonable period of time. 14. Maintains security and confidentiality of all personnel records. Keeps files in a locked cabinet. Shares medical information only with DPS (and those in executive management as needed). 15. Passes physicals that are questionable to the DPS for review 16. Passes all needs for medical clearance to the DPS for review 17. Ensures written references are sent, verified and followed up as appropriate  18. Other duties as requested by the Administrator 19. Maintains office On-Call book and current work history sheets 20. Enters and edits information in the CHRC and HCR 21. Conducts the “triple check” search on public databases of all new employees and others by request from DPS and/or President. Also conducts a random search of 10% of existing employees (unlicensed and paraprofessional staff) each month. Documents evidence of this. 22. Conducts monthly personnel record reviews of 10% of existing employees by reviewing actual paper files. Documents results. Passes results to DPS for inclusion in quarterly Professional Advisory Committee meetings. 23. Accesses HPN for relevant news and updates on a regular basis 24. Emergency backup coordinator/on call duties, as needed  25. Assists in the development, implementation and delegation of the Emergency/Disaster plan. Participates in E/D exercises and occurrences 26. Completes all documentation as required 27. Participates in QA activities as requested 28. Schedules eligible applicants for fingerprinting appointments. 29. Schedules eligible applicants for physical examinations. 30. Schedules eligible applicants for orientation. 31. Uses the “e-verify” system to verify social security numbers on all existing employees and each new employee 32. Meets all deadlines 33. Conducts exit interviews 34. Attends worker’s compensation and unemployment insurance meetings 35. Completes the OSHA 300 and 300A forms. Posts 300A form annually as required by Federal law. 36. Adheres to company's Standards and Practices, Code of Conduct, HIPAA and Patient Bill of Rights 37. Must not share any passwords unless authorized by the President. 38. Conducts orientation of new hires.  Please attach resume. Alternatively, you may FAX resume to:  XXX   Company is located in the Times Square area of Manhattan, accessible by most subway trains and express buses.






5-plus-years-experience-needed