Virtual Call Center Representative (HOME-BASED) (Work from Home!)   DO NOT APPLY BY REPLYING DIRECTLY TO THIS AD. THE BEST WAY TO TO APPLY FOR THIS POSITION IS TO VISIT:  www.example.com   This is an exciting opportunity to work with a fast-growing internet advertising company from the comfort of your own home office!   Must have a PC computer (no MACs) with Microsoft Office or OpenOffice and high speed DSL or cable internet connection at home that is hard-wired or directly connected to the modem via Ethernet cable. (Our dialer system does not accept a wireless connection and it is not recommended to have a wireless carrier.) Internet download speed must be over 2.0 MBPS and upload speed should be over 1.0 MBPS.   We are seeking to hire representatives who are able to work MONDAY - SATURDAY (anytime between 10:00am MDT and 7:00pm MDT) AND SUNDAY (11:00am MDT- 3:00pm MDT). Qualified candidates must be able to work between 25 - 29 hours in a set weekly schedule.   Skills/Requirements:  *Must be a resident of Colorado, Illinois, Indiana or Georgia  *Must be over the age of 18  *Above average computer and typing skills  *Excellent communication skills and outgoing personality  *Handle a large number of calls daily without losing enthusiastic voice and attitude  *Have basic understanding of online marketing  *Able to work in a scripted environment  *Must be self-motivated and driven by personal success  *Able to multi-task  *Must possess positive, professional attitude and desire to help people  *Able to download & install software. If hired, you will need to download & install a program that allows you to use your computer to make calls. You will also be required to download and use Firefox as a web browser.  *Ability to delete cookies on your computer and take basic screenshots  *Prior call center experience a plus   System Requirements:  *Minimum Workstation Requirements:  *Assumes the Virtual Call Center is the only application running on the agent workstation.  *Processor: Intel Pentium IV 1500MHZ or greater, or equivalent (based on published benchmark results).  *Memory: 1.0 GB or greater if using Windows 2000 or Windows XP. 1.5 GB or higher with Windows Vista and Windows 7.  *Java Runtime Environment version 1.6.15+ (6.0). 32-bit version required for soft phone use.  *Screen Resolution: 1024x768 or higher.  *Some optional features require Microsoft Office 2003 or later.   Recommended (in addition to the requirements above):  *Processor: Intel Pentium IV 2400 MHZ or greater, or equivalent (based on published benchmark results).  *Memory: 2.0 GB or greater  *Supported Web Browsers: Internet Explorer 7 or 8. Internet Explorer 8 is recommended; and Firefox 3.0+    ABOUT WINDY CITY CALL CENTER, LLC.  We are growing our complimentary education referral service and we work with a number of colleges and universities nationwide. We are making outbound calls as well as taking inbound calls from potential students who have applied online to receive information on furthering their education. We match them with certain schools based on their area of interest.   We are looking to hire multiple full- and part-time employees to fill positions for our virtual call center. Our reps call people that have indicated they are interested in getting information about furthering their education. We help them narrow down their options and select a school that is a good fit for them. We are NOT making unsolicited calls.   Why you should work for Windy City Call Center:  *Legitimate, work from home opportunity with a reputable BBB-accredited company (no startup costs associated!)  *Competitive hourly rate, with eligibility for an increase after completion of 600 hours with satisfactory performance  *Paid training to ensure you will be successful in your role  *Flexibility in work schedules and true work/life balance  *Saving over $3,000 per year on not having to commute  *Potential career advancement and performance incentives  *Eligibility to join a 401(k) Plan   DO NOT APPLY BY REPLYING DIRECTLY TO THIS AD. THE BEST WAY TO TO APPLY FOR THIS POSITION IS TO VISIT:  www.example.com






hourly-wage