C&F Finance, a fast growing bank-owned auto finance company, is seeking a qualified Legal/Recovery Collector for our headquarters in Richmond, VA.  C&F Finance provides sub-prime lending in 13 states and services these markets through four regional offices.  Job Summary: Primarily responsible for collecting on charge-off accounts by making and receiving calls.  Perform skip-tracing and must document accounts accordingly.  Prepare notifications to secure payment; explain penalties, interest, deadlines, and consequences for failure to comply.  Obtain and evaluate financial information for the purpose of negotiating payment of balance in full, settlement and/or payment plan.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities: • Know and follow FDCPA and state laws.  • Negotiate while maintaining a manner which shows sensitivity, tact, and professionalism.  • Review all charge offs and determine best collection action to follow.  • Send settlement and payment letters and follow up on responses received.   • Refer accounts to legal firms or collection agencies accordingly.   • Make outbound and receive inbound calls and consistently follow our internal collection call model and techniques.  • Perform basic skip-tracing tasks in order to make contact with our customer.  • Consistently and accurately document all information pertaining to accounts.  • Make recommendations to litigate as needed.  • Read, interpret and apply laws, rules, regulations, policies and/or procedures.  • Set payment arrangements.  • Process check-by-phone and/or ACH requests accurately.  • Locate unrecovered vehicles by utilizing optimum skip tracing techniques.   • Locate assets for garnishment procedures.  • Meet monthly individual goals as set by the Department Manager. • Handle judgments received.   • Perform weekly filing.   • Adhere to all C&F policies and procedures as well as complying with all regulations and applicable laws.  • Perform other duties as assigned.   • Must be able to work a flexible schedule to include rotating weeknights, weekends, and holidays as business dictates.    Because of our unique business model and setting not one day will be the same or boring.  You will be challenged each day to excel and bring your A game each and every day.  Those that are ambitious will have the opportunity to grow within the company.  You must possess excellent organization skills, problem solving, multi-tasking, attention to details, analytical skills and interpersonal skills in order to work in a team environment.  The ideal candidate must possess excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Candidate must be able to understand and apply collections laws to ensure compliance with federal and state laws regarding all collections procedures. All these skills are used every single day.  Lack of one of them will create an unbalanced performance.  If you want career progression with a very stable company - your time and opportunity is now.   About our History C&F Bank acquired Moore Loans, which is now C&F Finance Company, in September of 2002 for approximately 65 million dollars.  Since then, the employee count at C&F Finance Company has more than doubled and the receivables have grown to over $275 Million dollars.  We are currently servicing VA, TN, AL, GA, MD, OH, IN, IL, WV, TX, KY, MO and NC.    Founded in 1927, C&F Bank has focused on our customers and the communities in which we serve for over 80 years.  Today, we still operate this company under the same set of values:  excellence in all we do; ethical and moral conduct at all times; an obligation to the well-being of the communities we serve; and, a commitment to our officers and staff.  It is our goal to be among the “Best of the Best” financial institutions for our shareholders, our customers and the communities in which they live, and our employees.  In 2012, C&F Financial Corporation was named by Forbes Magazine as one of the Best Banks of the Decade. C&F Bank is highly capitalized and we have consistently outperformed our competitors.  Most importantly, we continue to prosper due to the investment in our most important resource - people.    C&F Finance offers an excellent total compensation package of competitive salaries and industry-leading benefits.  There is also the added bonus of a friendly and family-oriented environment.  C&F Finance also recognizes that to be a great company it must provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals, and we are committed to doing just that.   We offer very competitive wages and comprehensive benefits.  Our benefit plans include Medical with Vision, Dental, Company Paid Life Insurance, Child Life Insurance, Spouse Life Insurance, Company Paid Long Term Disability, Short Term Disability, Voluntary Vision Plan, Long Term Care Insurance, continuous training opportunities, Tuition Reimbursement, Computer Purchase program,  401-K (dollar for dollar up to 5%), etc.    We conduct a thorough Credit and Criminal Check.    To apply, please reply to this ad or send resume to: Human Resources, 1313 East Main Street, Richmond, VA 23219 or fax to  XXX     No recruiters.  No phone calls.  For more information about our company visit our website at www.example.com  or www.example.com.  We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.






