Seeking for a seasoned Area Sales Manager with indirect auto lending experience to develop and maintain strong dealer relationships for Specialty or Traditional markets.     C&F Finance provides sub-prime lending in 14 states and services these markets through three regional offices. The successful candidate will have a minimum of 3 years’ experience in maintaining auto dealer relationships, meeting loan volume and credit quality objectives. A college degree is preferred or the equivalent work experience in underwriting and sales in the financial services/automotive industry. Responsibilities include:     -Develop and maintain strong dealer relationships through phone and field marketing   -Develop marketing strategies to expand dealer base   -Following up with dealers on approved loans to close the sale     Must be proficient in industry business practices and lending regulations. Strong interpersonal and communication skills required along with the ability to work independently and be self-motivated. Must be proficient in Microsoft Office products and industry sales management systems.     About our History  C&F Bank acquired Moore Loans, which is now C&F Finance Company, in September of 2002 for approximately 65 million dollars.  Since then, the employee count at C&F Finance Company has more than doubled and the receivables have grown to over $275 Million dollars.  We are currently servicing VA, TN, AL, GA, MD, OH, IN, IL, WV, FL, TX, KY, MO and NC.      Founded in 1927, C&F Bank has focused on our customers and the communities in which we serve for over 80 years.  Today, we still operate this company under the same set of values:  excellence in all we do; ethical and moral conduct at all times; an obligation to the well-being of the communities we serve; and, a commitment to our officers and staff.  It is our goal to be among the “Best of the Best” financial institutions for our shareholders, our customers and the communities in which they live, and our employees.  In 2012, C&F Financial Corporation was named by Forbes Magazine as one of the Best Banks of the Decade. C&F Bank is highly capitalized and we have consistently outperformed our competitors.  Most importantly, we continue to prosper due to the investment in our most important resource - people.      C&F Finance offers an excellent total compensation package of competitive salaries and industry-leading benefits.  There is also the added bonus of a friendly and family-oriented environment.  C&F Finance also recognizes that to be a great company it must provide equal opportunity to all qualified individuals, and we are committed to doing just that.     We offer very competitive wages and comprehensive benefits.  Our benefit plans include Medical with Vision, Dental, Company Paid Life Insurance, Child Life Insurance, Spouse Life Insurance, Company Paid Long Term Disability, Short Term Disability, Voluntary Vision Plan, Long Term Care Insurance, continuous training opportunities, Tuition Reimbursement, Computer Purchase program,  401-K (dollar for dollar up to 5%), etc.      We conduct a thorough Credit and Criminal Check.      To apply, please reply to this ad or send resume to: Human Resources, 1313 East Main Street, Richmond, VA 23219 or fax to  XXX       No recruiters.  No phone calls.  For more information about our company visit our website at www.example.com  or www.example.com.  We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.    C&F Financial Corporation Named on the Best Banks of the Decade according to Forbes  www.example.com






associate-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job