Award winning, full-service, interactive advertising agency, offering a broad range of traditional and new media services, seeks a dynamic new Director of Interactive Strategy and Services to lead our digital efforts.   Backed by 40 years of success, and a talented team of forward thinking creative and marketing strategists, we are committed to producing innovative communications, across all digital, social and traditional media channels.   Our portfolio consists of a wide range of clients in the spirits, higher education, consumer-products, technology, travel and entertainment industries. Our campaigns are designed across multiple platforms, using next generation media and mobile devices that enable clients to effectively achieve their business goals, while creating a memorable consumer experience.  You will:  * Be accountable for managing internal resources and digital deliverables.  * Assist on all new business efforts including response to RFP's, pitch preparation and presentations.  * Work with Client Services to identify opportunities to grow accounts, develop new business opportunities and coordinate resources for each project  * Provide strategic oversight and input for all interactive deliverables.  * Be an expert in all things digital. Bring a love of the medium and a passion for innovation and invention.  * Foster a team of direct reports, including developers, user experience and technical resources.  * Collaborate with cross-functional project teams to inspire, motivate, create and implement short and long-term marketing strategies.  * Identify strategic business and marketing objectives as well as industry drivers and competitive dynamics.  * Provide strategic guidance around core capabilities including digital strategy, social and CRM, to drive customer engagement goals.  You must have:  * At least 5-7 years of experience delivering strategic thinking and execution in digital platforms.  * Experience in successfully concepting and launching multiple, integrated campaigns.   * A strong understanding, experience, and passion for the interactive space.  * Outstanding client interaction skills, especially with senior client members.  * Experience in two or more industry sectors, with some multi-channel media experience preferred. (e.g. application build, websites and digital outdoor)  Qualified candidates please send resume, cover letter addressing why you are the ideal candidate for this position and salary requirements. We look forward to hearing from you.   Benefits: Health insurance, Vacation and 401K plan 






5-plus-years-experience-needed