*Take the Next Step in Your Career!*  _If you can answer YES to these questions MMSD may be the place for you:_  --Are you interested in joining a stable, sustainable organization that protects public health and the environment?  --Are you a supportive and positive leader that nurtures a collaborative team environment?  --Are you curious and open minded to new ideas?  --Are you comfortable communicating openly and proactively?  *The Organization*  Madison Metropolitan Sewerage District (MMSD) is the primary caretaker of this region’s water environment. We handle wastewater and transform it into three resources that benefit the citizens of this region.  WATER—We currently return safe treated water back to streams each day.  NUTRIENTS—We produce biosolids that local farmers use as fertilizer to grow our food.  ENERGY—We produce renewable energy through our processes that help us secure a clean energy future.  Maximizing these resources will help us protect public health and the environment, which is a mission the District is passionate about! Equally important is the health and well-being of our employees. The District is proud to have nurtured a stable, highly professional long-term workforce through excellent working conditions and benefits, meaningful work and internal advancement.  *About the Position: Maintenance and Reliability Manager*  We are looking for a forward thinking leader to guide our maintenance department into the next era and ensure a holistic life cycle approach to maintenance management.  The ideal candidate will be an adaptable, trustworthy, systematic decision maker. We are looking for a supportive coach and mentor that is effective at communicating openly and respectfully with a variety of people and someone who will bring enthusiasm to their work.  This is an exciting opportunity to work with a sustainable organization that values people, teamwork creativity, integrity, and balance.  We only hire the best and we retain our talented and dedicated people!  *Position Summary* The Maintenance and Reliability Manager is responsible for all assets at the District’s treatment plant, 17 District pumping stations and pumping stations owned by the District’s municipal customers. This position leads a team of supervisors who are responsible for the electrical, mechanical, building and grounds, and collection system maintenance. This position will ensure a holistic life cycle approach to asset reliability and will incorporate sustainability at all levels of the program. The Reliability Engineer will use technology and data to manage decisions to ensure economical operations and repairs.  *Responsibilities* • Develop management systems to make maintenance operations even more effective. • Provide guidance and support to supervisors. • Incorporate sustainability into maintenance. • Assist supervisors in the planning of maintenance activities conducted by the electrical, mechanical, collection systems, and building and grounds maintenance workgroups. • Utilize the District’s computerized maintenance management system (CMMS) to assist with planning and evaluating equipment reliability. • Evaluate the maintenance sections’ procedures and recommend improvements. • Assist in the preparation of business cases for capital improvement projects. • Use Advanced Asset Management techniques to monitor and evaluate all District assets. • Participate in budget preparation; monitor and control expenditures. • Develop reports and make verbal presentations. • Institute Maintenance Excellence concepts as appropriate to improve efficiency. • Serve as a mentor and resource to supervisors. • Provide key input to the evaluation for new equipment and equipment specifications. • Review plans and specifications for treatment plant additions and upgrades. • Prepare contract documents, bid requests and annual maintenance budget requests. • Arrange and supervise small projects performed by contractors. • Perform the O&M Supervisor On-Call duties on a rotating basis.  *Requirements* • A Bachelor’s degree in mechanical or electrical engineering, or equivalent related field. • Eight years of experience related to equipment reliability with emphasis on rotating equipment maintenance. • Prefer knowledge of wastewater treatment facility maintenance. • Knowledge and experience with advanced asset management principles. • Knowledge of sustainability principles. • Previous experience in a leadership role. • Prefer prior supervisory experience • Experience with budget preparation. • Experience reading construction plans. • Knowledge of maintenance principles and safety. • Strong computer skills including experience with spreadsheets, databases and CMMS.  *Salary and Benefits* We provide a competitive salary, excellent benefits, a casual, friendly work environment and support for ongoing development. For more information go to: *www.example.com  *How to Apply* Submit a cover letter and resume with salary requirements on our website www.example.com by October 21st.  *Women and Minorities are encouraged to apply.*






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed salary