Origins Counter Manager - a fun career path with a promising future!   Seeking a retail professional with a successful record of sales achievement for an Origins Counter Manager position at Macy's  • Retail sales experience highly desired • Cosmetic experience preferred • 1 - 2 years management experience a plus • Embrace Origins corporate philosophy  • Excellent communication, leadership and organizational skills  • Ability to function in a fast-paced environment, have a professional attitude and ability to be flexible and adapt to change.  • Ability to successfully manage and supervise a sales team  JOB DESCRIPTION:   Maintain the total operation and supervise the shop and employees. Generate sales, perform outstanding customer service, maximize profits by controlling expenses, train guides and protect company assets.   Major Responsibilities:  • Create and maintain an atmosphere geared to achieve sales and profit goals  • Determine and communicate individual sales goals and hold staff accountable for results in accordance with Origins business practices  • Analyze and review goal attainment and develop strategies to improve performance  • Identify and communicate merchandise assortment opportunities and issues to team and Origins management  • Resolve client issues, requests in an efficient and quick manner  • Utilize and maintain customer database for phone calls, product launches, events and appointments in conjunction with the Origins customer program  • Maintain a cohesive, cooperative work environment through team building and motivation  • Manage time, establish priorities and delegate effectively to meet goals and objectives  • Recruit, hire and develop top sales and management professionals, maintaining an active candidate pool  • Administer all training programs for selling skills, customer service, products and operations  • Conduct monthly coaching sessions to communicate objectives, set goals and follow up on progress according to Origins business programs  • Perform thorough and timely staff reviews and initiate increases, promotions, disciplinary action and terminations with District Manager and Human Resources approval  • Plan and execute floor sets, window changes, signage placement, etc.  • Follow and implement all corporate visual presentation standards and guidelines   So if all this sounds like something you'd like to be a part of, then come be a part of Origins. And don't be surprised if you find yourself strolling in each day with a smile on your face it happens all the time around here  ABOUT US:   Origins: Is all about finding new and different answers to age old problems, taking control of how you treat your body, and enhancing the way you look and feel, inside and out. Origins was introduced in 1990, and is sold in over 110 Origins Stores, as well as major Department Stores.   Our Culture: Working at Origins puts you in touch with new and exciting people everyday - from your co-workers to your customers. It gives you the opportunity to learn new things from the latest Skin Care, Hair Care, Bath and Body and Color products and tips to selling techniques. No two days on the job will ever be quite the same. And it gives you a place to grow. Because you'll also be taking a career path with a promising future.






supervising-job