Come join our team!! We offer Benefits, Medical, Dental, Vision, work incentives, and we promote from within. Look us up on the web: www.example.com  Location:  2 locations at Silver Spring MD and Washington DC  REQUIREMENTS:  Education: High School Diploma/Certification or equivalent work experience Experience: At least 2+ years of experience at a Management level Skills: Excellent interpersonal and leadership skills (Commercial Driver’s License CDL, required) Physical: Able to sit, stand, walk and run for extended periods. Use of arms, hands, vision and voice Mental: Good analytical, problem solving proficiency with emotional strength and resiliency. Good computer and automation efficiency  TASKS AND DUTIES OF JOB:  • Assist Area Manager as requested on the pre/post planning of new customer contracts. Provide on-site operational management during the implementation process post sale and throughout the term of the contract. • Manage a particular account or specific job function at an account. Customer account may change at the discretion of the Area Manager to ensure equal distribution of work amongst the leadership team.   • Manage Teams with specific emphasis on performance improvement and accountability. • Effectively communicate verbally and in written form with customers (internally/externally) and maintain good customer relations on an ongoing basis.  • Plan and perform training support for Operations employees to develop their potential and ability to function in their jobs at an optimal level. • Reinforce Human Resources policies and procedures within Operations and oversee that full compliance is adhered to.  • Work in partnership with key functional departments (HR, Acct, Sales, Claims) to contribute to a more efficient and consistent way of communicating.  • Must be detail oriented, well organized with the ability to work independently. Should exercise good judgment and have the flexibility to respond quickly to the demands of Metropolitan client administrators.  • Performs additional duties as may be required.






2-4-years-experience-needed