*Type of Position:* Independent Sales Position  *Company Overview:* Do you have what it takes to join an award winning team? We are a national communications and technology broker looking for a self-starter ready to expand their existing business or grow a new one.  *Position Description:* Sales representative will focus on sales of our cloud-based contract management system. This will also include selling replacements to existing communication and technology identified after the sale and implementation of the contract management system.  *Position Requirements:* • Proven Business to Business (B2B) sales experience  • Software sales a plus – if you were good at it • Excellent written and oral communication skills  • Experience in engaging and consulting with companies with more than 100 employees including client with multiple locations  • Driven, self-motivated, and a sense of humor  • Willingness and commitment to continued learning. This position requires a good overview of the types of communication and technology being purchased, deployed and managed by clients. • Enough technical knowledge to know the basics of communications or technology, but enough smarts to know when to say ‘I am not sure. Let me find out’. Then have enough sales skills to actually follow up with an answer.  *Position Responsibilities:*  • Sell the system to those who need and want it. If they need, but don’t want it yet… there are solutions in our portfolio. If they don’t need it, you don’t need to sell it to them, but may choose to sell them something else in the world of communications or technology. • Put square pegs in square holes and put round pegs in round holes • Care about your client – long term  *Position Benefits:*  • Portfolio of solutions second to none • You have an army of people, if you choose to use them. We offer you a team of professionals to help you. Our providers offer sales, engineering and support resources. • For our premium clients, we offer pre/post-sales support to keep you selling and out of most of the non-sales issues • Sales territory – no boundaries. Sell where you have relationships and opportunities. This solution is geared toward companies that have between 100 and 3,000 employees.   *What Else You Should Know:* • This is building your own business. It is not easy, but the rewards are awesome. If it were easy, everyone would do it. Come to win, or don’t come. See YouTube – “Jack Welch: Why Winning Matters.” • Few industries offer continued commissions after a sale. This is one of those few. The flexibility and financial rewards are unmatched in most industries.  • If you are starting from scratch, you will need to fund yourself for at least 24 months to give time for the annuity stream commission to reach a level it can support you financially. Oh yea, and if you don’t sell, you don’t eat. • If you are starting as an existing independent business, congratulations, you get it. We don’t need to tell you how hard it is to build a business these days. If selected, we would work with you to see how we compliment what you are already doing and enable you to represent the contract management solution.  *Compensation:*  • Commission only position – contract management system uses a buy-rate commission. Other services sold are typically 6% - 20% of the monthly charges the provider invoices the customer. • One time commissions – Available • Annuity stream commissions life of contract – Available • Annuity stream commissions life of client – Available • Gifts, trips, recognition - Available  *To apply for this position, please visit www.example.com






full-time-job