Are you the type of person who loves to be in love and loves to see others in love? Then this is the job for you.  FeaturedDate.com is quickly becoming one of the nation’s premier matchmaking agencies and we are undergoing a rapid nationwide expansion.  The company is headquartered in Silicon Valley and we are revolutionizing traditional matchmaking by introducing a new innovative online format.  We are looking for high intensity and motivated people to work as a marketing associate/Dating Scout. Our services are catered to single men and women “Who are Serious About Finding a long-term relationship.” We are looking for people who are social, outgoing, and fearless about approaching strangers and interested in making money using your winning personality.  The hours can be either part-time or full-time based on your schedule and availability.   Ideal Backgrounds: Recruiting, admissions, timeshare/vacation rentals, fitness sales, weight loss, membership sales, dating services, modeling sales, door-to-door sales with consumers (B2C)  Job Description: - Must be age 21+;  - High School Diploma, with some college preferred; - Must seek out singles for our clients and market to new clients in the field (i.e.     restaurants, malls, bars, clubs, gyms, stores, outdoor activities and events, etc.); - Must familiarize singles with the company’s website and services; - Must be fearless in approaching singles of all ages and economic status;  - Schedule is based on availability each day or week because you will be handing out individual fliers and discussing with potential clients on how to register for our services; - Ability to utilize social media and marketing to increase client registrations; - Must have a computer with a webcam and good record-keeping skills.  Key Qualities: - A positive and personable attitude; - Fantastic customer focus; - Professional and appealing appearance; - Discipline to set own work hours and days for scouting activities; - A very social and outgoing personality; - Willing to approach others with a polite approach but won't take no for an answer; - Honest, dependable and hardworking; - Passionate about changing peoples' lives; - Excels at instantaneous rapport building;  - Must be committed to achieving success; - Extremely sales driven;  Compensation: FeaturedDate.com provides a generous commission base and bonuses higher than the   industry average.   The average Marketing Associate/Dating Scout could earn between $30,000 - $50,000 per year or more depending upon their own ambition and initiative.    As an Associate, you will have an exceptional opportunity to join what many experts have described as a recession proof industry.  You will receive training and ongoing support.  If you are interested and qualified for this exceptional opportunity, please respond with your resume.  We will respond to all qualified candidates right away to schedule phone interviews, followed by an orientation for our finalist.  






