The Program Coordinator for Group Home Services (PC-GHS) is responsible for the quality of services carried out at the Personal Care Homes and Community Living Arrangements under his/her direction. This professional is responsible for acquiring, training, and supervising competent direct care staff (Direct Support Professional) that provide appropriate residential supports to the individuals living in the group homes. The PC-GHS must make sure that services are delivered with the most efficient use of resources, in clean environments, and in manners that help the individuals receiving services experience \"quality services for a quality life.\" The best candidate for this position is a self-disciplined, energetic, detail oriented, enjoys reading, and deadline conscious person who is able to communicate clearly and effectively with both supervisors and subordinates.  Being able to follow up with your staff and your boss is a must. The PC-GHS will contribute in efforts to provide quality services for a quality life by encouraging increasing individual independence, choice, community integration, and meaningful goal tracking. PC-GHS reports to the Executive Director. The PC-GHS is the direct supervisor for Direct Support Professionals (DSPs). In the event that a DSP is absent or a DSP position is not filled, it is the responsibility of the PC-GHS to find appropriate staffing to replace him/her to the extent of filling the position him/herself until a DSP is put in place. Services to individuals in the home should never be disrupted due to staffing issues! The PC-GHS is responsible for upholding policies and regulations of LWLS, Medicaid, DBHDD, CARF, and the State of Georgia. PC-GHS must mitigate the likelihood of fraud and abuse by staff, volunteers, and/or participants through comprehensive and hands on supervision and monitoring of programs as well as holding staff accountable.  The PC-GHS will have a caseload maximum of 18 people and oversee a maximum of 6 group homes. The PC-GHS must also assure services are provided in the most inclusive, least restrictive, community based fashion, while meeting the individual’s needs and helping them work towards their wants. The PC-GHS must have experience working with people with Intellectual/Developmental Disabilities. It is preferred that they have experience working around/with people with challenging behaviors. The applicant must also hold a degree in a human services (or related) field, master's preferred. The applicant should also have previous supervisory skills as well as great organizational and time management skills. Ability to learn quick and improvise is a must. Creativity is a must. Ability to manage stress is a must. Reliability is a must






associate-needed supervising-job