Forbes Magazine and Entrepreneur.com have called us the *\"Most Trusted Marketing Brand Name\"* in U. S. history.  We have created brands you are familiar with. *The Marlboro Man. You're In Good Hands With All State, Old Spice*, and many other iconic brands.  We drive our lead generation with guerrilla online marketing that has created record breaking sales.  We are searching for a competitive, ambitious, motivated and driven individual who is determined to break out financially in 2012 in 4Q.  We are looking for an entrepreneurial minded, ace, or top producer with a strong desire that has been looking for the right timing in the right marketplace.  Our ideal candidate is determined to reach the highest pinnacles of success in life and in business.  This $3 Trillion per year industry is exploding BECAUSE we are in a down economy  Our leadership team has taken commissionable revenue from 10 Million to 250 Million over the past 12 months. So when I tell you that this is commission based, revenue driven position with stock options for elite performers, the right candidate will immediately see the profit potential. We are the company that everyone is talking about.  We zoom in and target our niche markets online and then utilize a leveraged funnel system to guide the marketing process.  For the right person this is an opportunity to unleash the power a proven hybrid business model that comes with world-class training, mentoring and support from our leadership team.  *Our leaders have been interviewed on CNN, Lou Dobbs and MSNB' Money Magazine*  You will work from a virtual office, leveraging your time and our internet marketing expertise to reach the pinnacle of success.   We are going to train you so you can duplicate our success record.  The right candidate will take our proven internet marketing system, coaching calls and live training and run with it - tracking a six or multiple six figure income in the next 12 months.  *Does this describe you?*  > You see the current economy we live in as an opportunity > You are highly motivated and self-reliant > You are driven to succeed in all areas of your life > You expect to make a significant six-figure income > You are coachable and ready to roll up your sleeves and go to work > You are a natural leader who loves to learn > You desire to take ownership of your results  Are you serious about creating a new economy for yourself in 2012'? Are you are ready for the \"right horse to ride\" and the \"real rewards\" that go with it?  If you are serous and I feel you may be the type of individual I am looking for, we will have a one on one interview.  *The most valuable asset is our training and our leadership team.*  The right person will be mentored by and work side by side directly with us. The skills and relationships that you will develop with our power players will be far more valuable then the immediate income.  It's not the six figure a year income that you could earn that is the most important thing. It is the person that you will become that can consistently earn that type of income that is so valuable.  *If you don't understand that, please don't waste your time applying.*  If you think you have what it takes, forward your resume and contact information along with best time to reach you. Use a brief cover letter to impress me with your ability to develop a relationship with me in a few short sentences.  *I'm ready for the challenge...are you?*






