We are a small owned/operated online business seeking great candidates to interview and hire as soon as possible for a full-time position. We are located in Williams Bay near Lake Geneva, Elkhorn, Delavan area.  One might consider this position to be an Administrative Assistant, Sales Support, or an E-Commerce type position, due to a wide variety of business tasks and responsibilities that you might perform based on your abilities and skills.  This is an excellent opportunity to work as an Administrative Assistant as well as learn the day to day operations in successfully running a small business.  Position Overview  Customer Service: - Handling customer support by phone and e-mail - Quoting - Responsible for taking phone orders and processing in database - Send invoices to customers when requested via e-mail or fax  Vendors: - Obtain pricing and ordering - Sourcing new suppliers and parts online - Maintain friendly relationship with our vendors/suppliers  Administration: - Filing & organization - Update online parts database  - Package and assemble products to be shipped on time - Edit product data and create new products online - Inventory Management  - Tech support - Must be Internet Savvy for researching parts and finding suppliers  Below is not required, but great if you know it!:  Website Design, Advertising & Marketing  - Photoshop to create product images for our online store (Basic Photshop skills not required, but preferred) - Online Web Advertising & Marketing - Adwords - Maintain, update, or even build and edit our multiple websites, if you have website design background - Tech support for Windows operating Systems installing drivers and troubleshooting some PC products we sell.  Qualifications:  - Must have good Microsoft Office skills (Word, Excel, Outlook) - Strong customer service skills - Excellent time management skills, multitasker and good memory - Ability to work independently and complete tasks in a timely manner  We sell CNC machine parts for industrial machinery and equipment including maintenance and repair. Knowledge of part numbering systems, parts classifications or mechanical background would be a plus, but not necessary for position as this entails a wide variety of tasks.   Our billing address is in Watertown, However our main business is located in Williams Bay.  Visit our Online store for more information - www.example.com  Starting Salary: $9-11 Per Hour Business Hours: 8:30-5:00 Benefits not included at this time.  When sending resume please indicate that you are looking for a Full-Time position and why you are interested in this position. We may also be looking for someone that does Web-Design/Adwords on a part time basis as well. Please apply if this is the case. Thank you!






full-time-job hourly-wage