Are you passionate about skincare?  Do you love to sell?  Then Origins may be the place for you!  Origins is the leader in high performance natural skincare.  Powered by nature, proven by science.  Origins guides enjoy meeting daily sales goals through hands-on consulting with guests.  If you enjoy working for a company that will value your work and time, please send your resume and cover letter.    JOB DESCRIPTION: Responsible for Sales generation and Exceptional Customer Service. LOCATION: Origins- example@example.com and Mall of America  Qualifications:  • Require High School diploma, prefer college education  • 3 - 5 years retail sales experience required • Cosmetic experience preferred  • Embrace the Origins corporate philosophy  • Excellent communication, leadership and organizational skills  • Professional attitude and ability to be flexible and deal with change  • Ability to function in a fast-paced environment  • Able to work  10-28 hours per week, flexible for evenings and weekends   Major Responsibilities:  • Track retail sales against goal using the system provided  to achieve sales productivity goals • Ensure highest levels of customer service which will result in increased productivity  • Demonstrate products on customers  • Prepare and execute cost effective events to generate additional sales.  • Utilize and maintain customer database for phone calls, product launches, events and   appointments  • Present a positive attitude toward the Company, product and staff  • Present a professional appearance and maintain Origins Dress Code  • Serve as a resource for general product knowledge to all customers and staff members  • Attend training, education and meetings as required  • Follow and implement all corporate visual standards and guidelines  • Assist in the recruiting of high caliber staff  • Ensure inventory levels are accurate and appropriate  • Supervise the maintenance of stock replenishments to the floor  • Participate in physical inventory preparation and completion as required  • Present positive attitude toward company, product and staff  • Perform other duties as required   So if all this sounds like something you'd like to be a part of, then come be a part of Origins. And don't be surprised if you find yourself strolling in each day with a smile on your face it happens all the time around here.  Only applicants selected for an interview will be contacted. Thank you for your interest in Origins!






2-4-years-experience-needed part-time-job