Anderson Broadcasting Inc.  KWKZ-FM Radio  753 Enterprise   Cape Girardeau, MO 63703     Account Executive – Radio Sales    KWKZ Radio, is the Cousin Carl Station, Traditional Country Music with 50,000 Watts of Power.  KWKZ provides the only wholesome traditional country music, gospel and bluegrass media in our market area.  Our clients state that “Our advertising gets results.” We allow our clients to tell their unique story and share their successes in a style and with personalities that appeal to our family of listeners.  Many of our long term clients get increased results year after year and we are looking for account executives that can help us continue our success.    Account Executives are responsible for contacting prospective customers to sell radio time for broadcasting stations/network.  The Sales Account Executive must know the station’s programming inside out, the importance of the station’s dial position and power, as well as know what the competition is carrying, their ratings and standing in the market.  They shall perform their duties in a manner that is professional and represents the radio station with the utmost of reliance and integrity.  The Account Executive services both direct and agency business.    Responsibilities and Job Duties    To perform this job successfully, and individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.  The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skills and /or ability required.  Reasonable accommodations ma be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.     • Calls on prospects and presents outlines of various programs or commercial announcements.  • Persuades customers to purchase radio time by presenting information on various programs that will draw customers to their businesses, by utilizing promotional plans, sales literature.  • Develops and maintains relationships with clients by providing top quality customer service.  • Investigates and resolves customer problems.  • Communications with other departments to ensure quality service in placing orders, and arranging remotes and promotions.  • Maintains required records and paperwork.  • Attends all staff meeting and training sessions.  • Attends remotes for clients.  • Strong interpersonal and communication skills are required  • The right candidate is motivated, enthusiastic, likes technology and its constant upgrades, and can think big.  • Ability to design, deliver and execute marketing strategies and presentations.  • Ability to grow the business and find new revenue opportunities, and create productive, long-term customer relationships.  • Candidate will also need to be able to read, draft and comprehend complex and persuasive business correspondence.  • Provide regular reports regarding prospective sales orders, new prospect lists, forecasts, and competition analysis.  • Service client accounts including preparing sales orders and production requests, resolve billing discrepancies, assist in account collections.  • Follow station practices/policies for processing, invoicing and calculation of sales.      Anderson Broadcasting is an equal opportunity employer and will not tolerate discrimination in employment on the basis of race, color, age, sex, sexual orientation,  Gender identity or expression, religion, disability, ethnicity, national origin, marital status, veteran status, genetic information or any other legally protected classification or status    No telephone calls.  Please apply by mail or email only.






