*Role and Responsibilities* • Lead, manage, and facilitate the overall definition, alignment, planning and implementation of an initiative that may be too large in scope, complexity, and/or cross-functional dependencies for each organization to conduct activities independently of the other.  • Lead and manage the coordination of the definition and establishment of specific functional work streams (which may be cross organizational in nature or not); • Lead and manage the planning of the overall initiative as well as facilitate and coordinate the planning and scoping of efforts associated within each work stream;  • Coordinate the integration across various functional work streams to ensure activities are aligned to eliminate redundancy, unintended duplication, and enhance overall efficiency; • Manage external and internal communication to ensure consistent and frequent messaging across work streams, with stakeholders, and throughout CDC • Lead and manage the coordination of implementation and enhancement efforts based on CDC priorities throughout CDC and with system integrator. • Ensure schedules, budget, and project work streams are defined, managed, and reviewed. • Define overarching project metrics and work stream metrics. • Support development of project schedules, manages integrated project schedules and provides support to work stream managers to ensure up-to-date and accurate schedules. • Communication management shall be performed to ensure activities are communicated across CDC, to stakeholders, and externally with HHS and grantees and contract staff as needed. • Risk and Issue management is conducted to ensure each work stream is producing according to plans and issues are identified early along with corresponding strategies for remediation. • Implement and apply Earned Value Management (EVM) principles and methodologies.  *Knowledge Required Qualifications and Education Requirements* • Experience in facilitation to assist in gathering business and information needs. • Microsoft Project expertise. • Five years or more experience in program and project management with four years or more experience managing enterprise applications. • Experience implementing IT governance. • Expertise implementing program and project management offices and functions that support iterative/agile approaches to analysis and design along with iterative/agile/modular development. • Expertise in implementing software development methodologies that support iterative/agile approaches to analysis and design along with iterative/agile/modular development that support 508 deliverable compliance. • Experience in Earned Value Management (EVM) methodologies and implementation and management of EVM practices and procedures. • Excellent writing and communication and presentation skills. • BS in IT, project management or related field  *Preferred Skills* Experience with CDC or health industry  






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed