Company Profile  TTC, Inc. provides Information Technology services to DoD and civilian agencies: customized application, software and database development; Help Desk support; network design and installation; Information Assurance; SharePoint development and support; data center networking; information assurance and unified communications design.  As evidence of our company’s prior success, TTC was awarded the TSA’s 2010 Office of Security Technology Innovation Award. As a proud recipient of this award, we acknowledge that it represents a true commitment and dedication to our customers and their mission.  Benefits:  TTC offers a generous benefits package that includes: 10 paid federal holidays and 3 weeks of vacation/sick leave. Short term disability insurance Long term disability insurance Health Insurance Dental Insurance Vision Insurance Life Insurance 401 K Retirement Plan matching  Security Requirement:  Ability to obtain and maintain a DOD Secret Level Clearance.  This position is contingent upon award of contract  JOB Description Minimum General/Specialized Experience. Duties could be Technical and/or Managerial: Technical: An ISA provides technical expertise at the enterprise level in the area of information and system security primarily working to protect the infrastructure from abuse and harmful intrusion. Often this position requires extensive research and effort monitoring network activity and analyzing activity logs. Must possess and maintain an IAT-II level certification as outlined in DoD 8570.1M. Managerial: Subject matter expertise on IA issues for end users on multiple classifications of computer networks. Understand Certification and Accreditation documentation, standard operating procedures, policies and security instructions for both networked and stand-alone computer systems and work closely with multiple Program IAMs. Must possess and maintain an IAM-I level certification as outlined in DoD 8570.1M. Substitution: The candidate must have relevant experience plus a mid-level certification, or relevant experience plus a mid-level certification and an Associate’s Degree in a Technical Discipline or related field. Relevant experience will determine ISA level as outlined below; ISA II - six years of relevant experience ISA III - eight years of relevant experience ISA IV - ten years of relevant experience  Education: Bachelor’s Degree in a Technical Discipline or related field plus a mid-level certification.         






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed