Company Profile  TTC, Inc. provides Information Technology services to DoD and civilian agencies: customized application, software and database development; Help Desk support; network design and installation; Information Assurance; SharePoint development and support; data center networking; information assurance and unified communications design.  As evidence of our company’s prior success, TTC was awarded the TSA’s 2010 Office of Security Technology Innovation Award. As a proud recipient of this award, we acknowledge that it represents a true commitment and dedication to our customers and their mission.  Benefits:  TTC offers a generous benefits package that includes: 10 paid federal holidays and 3 weeks of vacation/sick leave. Short term disability insurance Long term disability insurance Health Insurance Dental Insurance Vision Insurance Life Insurance 401 K Retirement Plan matching  Security Requirement:  Ability to obtain and maintain a DOD Secret Level Clearance.  This position is contingent upon award of contract  JOB Description: Minimum General/Specialized Experience. This position requires a minimum of six years of general IT experience, including formal training and two years experience in enterprise applications and/or including formal training and one year experience in databases such as ORACLE, M204, SYBASE, INFORMIX, DB2, etc. Must possess and maintain an IAT-II level certification as outlined in DoD 8570.1M.  The engineer will be responsible for supporting the delivery of technical and business solutions based upon enterprise applications (ERP products based), and working independently to develop enterprise-based programs of medium to high complexity.  Activities will include the development, integration and deployment of enterprise solutions. The engineer will be required to support SAP ERP Analysts, Designers, Business Specialist and Architectural Experts with enterprise applications programming, workshops, documentation, training and user support.  Efforts will produce business solution models, technical work products, unit-tested code, instructional courseware, data structures, user interfaces, documentation and enhanced logical processes that will effectively utilize enterprise applications. Other duties required: Provide work direction and guidance to other personnel; ensure accuracy of the work of other personnel, operate under deadlines, able to work on multiple tasks. Substitution:  With a Master's Degree, four years of general IT experience, including formal training and two years experience in enterprise applications and/or including formal training and one year experience in databases such as ORACLE, SAP ERP, M204, SYBASE, INFORMIX, DB2, etc., is required.  Five years of specialized experience may be substituted for degree..   Education/ Experience: Education: Must have a Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or other related scientific or technical discipline.    






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed