Job Description  The role is to plan, execute, and finalize all projects according to strict deadlines and within budget. This includes acquiring resources and coordinating the efforts of team members to deliver projects according to plan. You will also define the project's objectives and identify resources, create timelines, track progression, ensure completion and document results.    MUST BE CERTIFIED PMP  Responsibilities:  •Manage project development from beginning to end  •Lead process improvement initiatives; monitor and identify process gaps  •Develop full-scale project plans and associated communications documents  •Liaise with project stakeholders on an ongoing basis  •Set and continually manage project expectations with team members and other stakeholders.  •Delegate tasks and responsibilities to appropriate personnel.  •Identify and resolve issues and conflicts within the project team  •Identify and manage project dependencies and critical path.  •Plan and schedule project timelines and milestones using appropriate tools.  •Track project milestones and deliverables  •Develop and deliver progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation, and presentations.  •Proactively manage changes in project scope, identify potential crises, and devise contingency plans.  •Build, develop, and grow any business relationships vital to the success of the project.  •Conduct project post mortems and create a recommendations report in order to identify successful and unsuccessful project elements.   Desired Skills & Experience •5+ years in Microsoft Office SharePoint Services 2007 / 2010  •Bachelor's degree or equivalent work experience and Minimum 2+ years direct work experience in a lead project management capacity, including all aspects of process development and execution  •Minimum 2+ years experience in Microsoft Office Suite, including but not limited to Project, Visio, and Access Database  •Minimum 2+ years experience in managing resources across various lines of business  •Project Management Professional (PMP) certification is desired.






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job