Experience: Minimum of 3 years of experience in an IT or related field. Minimum of 3 years Personnel Recovery or related experience. Minimum of 3 years Leadership/Supervisory experience. Minimum of 3 years DoD or other Government Agency experience. Minimum of 3 years Call Center Operations experience.  Functional Responsibilities: Provide specialized operational support to PRMS users that includes technical expertise and assistance on questions/issues supporting real-world contingencies related to the PRMS fielded system.  1. Maintain the FootPrints tracking software/hardware and processes to resolve user issues.  2. Track and record all contacts/resolutions using the tracking system and assist with the writing, tracking, and/or analysis of DRs. 3. Resolve a trouble ticket within the defined response time based upon assigned ticket priority (critical – low). 4. Provide tracking metrics monthly.   Clearance Required: Top Secret/Sensitive Compartmented Information (TS/SCI) required for server access and emergency operations response.  Minimum Education: Associate’s Degree or 5 years IT Related Experience.  Company Profile TTC, Inc. provides Information Technology services to DoD and civilian agencies: customized application, software and database development; Help Desk support; network design and installation; Information Assurance; SharePoint development and support; data center networking; information assurance and unified communications design.  As evidence of our company’s prior success, TTC was awarded the TSA’s 2010 Office of Security Technology Innovation Award. As a proud recipient of this award, we acknowledge that it represents a true commitment and dedication to our customers and their mission.  Benefits: TTC offers a generous benefits package that includes: 10 paid federal holidays and 3 weeks of vacation/sick leave. Short term disability insurance Long term disability insurance Health Insurance Dental Insurance Vision Insurance Life Insurance 401 K Retirement Plan matching  This position is contingent upon award of contract






associate-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed