*Job Summary:*  This position is responsible for the direct supervision of the Operations Accounting Local Counsel Group.  This group administers payments including incoming remits, account adjustments and commission settlements for network offices not using the SquareTwo Financial proprietary operating system.  This team consists of up to six full time hourly employees.  In addition to day-to day supervision responsibilities, this position is responsible for brainstorming, evaluating and implementing process and technology improvements.  This position is responsible for understanding, reviewing and reporting cost metrics associated various departmental processes.  The position involves volumes, complexities and staffing issues associated with a large company.   *Essential Functions:*  • Assign and delegate work tasks; • Monitor workload and workflow to accomplish all work requirements to meet or exceed established deadlines and standards; • Suggest, evaluate and implement process and technology enhancements to improve efficiency and reduce costs while maintaining the necessary level of internal control; • Review and report cost metrics associated with various departmental and cross functional tasks and work activities; • Oversee activities of other Operations Accounting Groups as required.  Lead and coordinate activities within and across groups; • Monitor and review work to ensure compliance with Company/Operations Accounting Policies and Procedures; • Identify decision, escalate and act as department representative to resolve daily issues by utilizing departmental and other Company resources as needed; • Work with Local Counsel Offices and other external partners to resolve outstanding issues and provide high level of customer service; • Work with Director Operations Accounting in hiring, training, evaluating, coaching and disciplining employees; • Complete and revise departmental written procedures as required;   *Education and Experience:*  • High School diploma or GED required; • College level courses and/or degree desired but not required; • Over one year of supervisory experience desired; • Three or more years of accounting, cash application experience required;  *Skills Required:*  • Strong Critical thinking skills in evaluating methods and developing ideas to streamline activities; • Strong communication and problem solving skills; • Ability to assign tasks, monitor team workload and employee performance; • Working knowledge of Microsoft Excel and Word; • Ability to prioritize workload and multi-task;   We recognize that confident people, with the right skills and proactive ideas, will enable us to continue our success.  If you want to join our SquareTwo Financial team and you feel that you meet these requirements noted above, please submit your resume for our review.    SquareTwo Financial is an Equal Opportunity Employer.






supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job