Building Automation & Controls Sales Representative Date: October 15, 2012 Job Status: Exempt, full-time  Objective of Position: The Building Automation & Controls Sales Representative will identify potential sources to solicit new customers for company portfolio of services and products. They will also meet with customers to generate sales using persuasive presentations and communications. This position will be working in the north western region of the state from Clarksburg, WV to Parkersburg, WV.   Job responsibilities include but not limited to: • Sources, develops and qualifies sales leads through cold calling and secure appointments. • Responsible for research necessary to perform selling (prospecting/qualifying) activities. • Proactively prospects within business sectors that directly align with the company. • Meets or exceeds yearly targeted sales goals. • Meets or exceeds required number of appointments and quotes. • Actively introduces products/ services/extensions to new and existing customers. • Builds and develops a loyal customer base. • Communicates across departments to ensure smooth business operations and customer installations. • Insures that client expectations are met and kept throughout the duration of the project to insure complete customer satisfaction. • Identifies new market opportunities through research and evaluation of trends.  Education & Experience: • Bachelor’s degree in science, engineering, business or related discipline • Minimum of 3 years HVAC controls sales experience and business development experience • Technical understanding of building automation system components • Completion of controls training program, preferred • Must have valid driving license  Working Conditions: • Will spend most of the time driving to and from potential client locations. Will spend minimal time in an actual office.  Benefits:  Competitive salary, health coverage with choice of two plans, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, AD&D, Simple IRA plan, direct deposit, biweekly pay schedule, generous PTO plan available first day of employment, 6 paid holidays, YMCA membership  HSC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. HSC complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training.  HSC expressly prohibits any form of unlawful employee harassment based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of HSC’s employees to perform their expected job duties is absolutely not tolerated.   Apply at www.example.com   






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed salary full-time-job