Confidential healthcare affiliated Company is seeking a dynamic Director Human Resource with demonstrated strengths in employee relations, compensation, developing recruitment/retention strategy, benefit administration, performance management, policy development, analytical skills & customer service focus.   This position will serve as a member of & advisor to the executive team for the region regarding Human Resources strategy and operational support.  The director will provide guidance and counsel in all areas of Human Resources administration to supervisors, managers and directors, including employee relations, compensation management, recruitment and retention, employee development, and performance management.  Minimum requirements: Degree in Human Resources or related field with 7  to 10 years HR leader/management experience required supervising and existing HR staff.  Experience in healthcare industry not required as strong HR skills are transferrable.    The successful candidate will have:   •Strong knowledge of business/business acumen   •Can easily demonstrate best practices in all HR competencies  •Fully competent in understanding the complexities of employee relations and demonstrates the ability to quickly diagnose potential signs of labor activity.  •Possess the strong HR diagnostics skills to analyze operational effectiveness.  •Must be a leader of organization development especially relative to employee/patient satisfaction skills sets  •Absolutely no fear of “rolling the sleeves\" up and personally implementing HR strategies  •Highly competent in understanding and communicating leading edge employee compensation and benefit strategies.   •Demonstrates ability to develop HR strategy that directly links or overall organization goals and tactical operations  •Multi-tasker that thrives on goal setting and accountability.  Can very quickly analyze complex issues and present a well thought out response plan     Excellent compensation & relocation package available.  Please include salary history/requirements for consideration. 






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed salary supervising-job