General Description Community Support Services are defined as an array of community-based services designed to help stabilize, maintain and strengthen the functioning level of seriously emotionally disturbed children. Without the provision of these services, the child may be at risk of placement in a more restrictive setting. Typically, these services are provided in combination with more traditional clinical services, to provide added support for higher risk participants. Services may include behavior management, family support, life skills training, and mentoring, whether on a one-to-one basis or in a group environment.  Professional Qualifications:    1.Bachelor’s degree in human services field OR    2.At least one year prior experience working with children who have emotional and/or behavioral issues.   Key Duties and Responsibilities  1.Effective interpersonal skills.  2.Demonstrated written and oral communication skills.  3.Knowledge of counseling and intervention strategies.  4.Knowledge of developmental, emotional and behavioral disabilities.  5.Willing to work flexible schedule to meet parent skill building needs.  6.Provide information and strategies for parents to assist them in confronting the behavioral challenges of their children.  7.Provide 1:1 skill building interventions with children and teens.  8.Provides emotional support and feedback to clients (and their families where concerned)..  9.Participate in multi-disciplinary teams with parents, school personnel, law enforcement and other professionals.  10.Implements and actively contributes to development, review and revision of intervention plans.  11.Maintains current and complete client records and documentation.  12.Maintains confidentiality of children’s records and communications.  13.Assists with all legal, licensing, regulatory and certification activities as needed.  14.Provide emergency and crisis support as assigned.  15.Provide parent education and support.  16.Performs other duties as assigned.  Salary: Dependent upon qualifications and experience.  EMPLOYMENT INFORMATION: Applicant selected for hire will be required to submit a SLED background check, a certified driving record and proof of automobile insurance. 






1-year-experience-needed bs-degree-needed