*****Must have DMC or Hospitality experience*****  Best of Boston is looking to fill a Sales Manager position in our Everett Headquarters office.   The Sales Manager is responsible to develop and build new and existing business by assertively identifying and pursing sales opportunities. Lead and manage client requests in order to achieve annual revenue margin goals. Provide direction, feedback and sales strategy to accomplish goals.   Job description  •Implement all prospecting methods, such as cold calling, networking, and developing referrals to build territory and book of business  •Identify ways to get in front of key organizational buyers to introduce our services  •Differentiate Best of Boston from competitors by knowing the customer needs, effectively handle objections and close sales.  •Research customer’s business through marketing literature, annual reports, press releases, organization charts, financial reports, and their web site to learn as much about the company’s priorities and business drivers as possible.  •Manage the revenue and margin goals. Maintain or exceed monthly, quarterly and yearly sales quota.  •Establish and maintain collaborative relationships with Best of Boston and BostonCoach staff.   Client Management  •Identify possible threats to sales opportunities, and then consider how to overcome them.  •Coordinate sales calls, meetings and presentations.  •Create and deliver customized presentations.  •Effectively administer client proposals, sales reports, and overall customer experience. Work closely with distribution channels and customers to ensure product availability.  •Develop proposals with the creative team for prospective customers.  •Conduct sales presentations as needed to close the sales on pre-qualified accounts.  •Manage and initiate agreement renewals of existing accounts.   Must live the company Values – I go the extra mile in all I do. I am empowered to make every client feel like a VIP. I treat every person with respect. I always communicate honestly and responsively. Together we are extraordinary.  Desired Skills and Experience  •Bachelor’s degree preferred  •Must have 2-5 years of Sales management experience  •DMC Experience Preferred  •Self-directed with inspiring energy to drive sale results  •Demonstrated history of exceeding sales goals and quotas  •Sales metric mentality and focus  •Methodical and resilient to win clients business  •Availability for 24-7 communication with client  •Must possess excellent written and verbal communication skills  •Highly motivated with a strong work ethic  •Meetings and Events knowledge a must  •Must be team orientated and able to multi-task  •Strong organizational skills  •Outstanding adaptability and a positive attitude are required  •Working knowledge of Microsoft Office






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed