IT Project Manager - Command and Control Center    Immediate Start:     Job Location:  Hanover, MD  Pay:  1099 Independent Contractor $35-50/hr (commensurate with exp)    Must meet the basic qualifications and be available to interview this week.    The role of the Command and Control Center (CCC) Shift Project Manager is to:   • monitor the execution of IT cutover projects  • Coordinate top level support functions to triage and take decisions as issues that affect functionality, and/or schedule deadlines. This includes coordinating the efforts of team members and third-party contractors or consultants in order to execute cutover projects according to plan.   • Serve as a primary interface in the communication of milestone status, dashboard reporting and issue escalation as required.  •facilitate calls such as shift hand-off, sunrise and sunset calls    Strategy & Oversight  • Oversee the activity for a Command and Control Center (CCC) during a shift    • Analyze, decide, and take action on issues escalated to the CCC  • Effectively communicate project status to Tower Leads, Value Center Leads, CCC lead and other stakeholders in a timely and clear fashion.  • Facilitate and coordinate 1st level liaisons with EIS, Apps, FSS, other IT/SS functions as well as VC/site leadership  • Continually manage project expectations with team members and other stakeholders.  • Track project milestones and deliverables.    Operational Management  • Run and coordinate daily shift handoff calls.  • Manage integrated cutover project plans and associated communications documents.   • Delegate tasks and responsibilities with support personnel.  • Provide status reports in support of daily sunrise/sunset meetings  • Follow issues raised to the CCC to resolution by working with / coordinating the appropriate support.  • Monitor and manage (as required) project dependencies and critical path.  • Escalate change requests to the overall CCC lead  • Provide daily updates to overall CCC lead as required on escalated issues  • Manage project support members to ensure that status reporting issue logs, and other documentation is accurately maintained.  • Compile status reports and maintain issue logs/tracking    Position Requirements    Formal Education & Certification  • Bachelors degree required; Masters degree preferred    Knowledge & Experience  • Minimum 4 years direct work experience in a project management capacity, including all aspects of process development and execution.  • Strong familiarity with IT project management  • Technically competent with various technologies     Personal Attributes  • Experience at working both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment is essential.  • Can conform to shifting priorities, demands and timelines through analytical and problem-solving capabilities.  • Flexible during times of change.  • Ability to elicit cooperation from a wide variety of sources, including upper management, and other departments.  •Strong written and oral communication skills.  • Strong interpersonal skills.  •Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment is crucial.    Other Conditions  • Flexible work patterns to support a 24/7 operation   • Overtime may be required in meet project deadlines.  • Physically able to participate in presentations and meetings.    






supervising-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed hourly-wage