Medical Coding Auditor/Trainer: 3 or more years of experience in provider coding and/or reimbursement, medical chart auditing, and current CPC or AHIMA certification. Demonstrated competency in presentation skills and educational program development is required. The employee is capable of performing independently with minimal supervision. Accredited Coding Auditor certification or equivalent auditing experience preferred. Annual continuing education credits are required in order to maintain certification and internal company education requirements.  DUTIES INCLUDE, BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO:  1. Conducts provider chart audits using Electronic Medical Records Records and Coding Compliance Editor coding and systems.  The audit process includes research and presentation of findings. 2. Performs utilization analysis. 3. Provides financial analysis of coding practices. 4. Develops and conducts training sessions for providers and staff on relevant topics such as: a. Documentation guidelines b. Medicare/Medicaid regulations c. Correct Coding Initiative 5. Responsible for maintaining current knowledge of coding guidelines and relevant federal regulations through the use of current CPT-4, HCPCS II, and ICD-9 materials, the Federal Register, and other pertinent materials from Regulatory agencies and other sources.  KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, & ABILITIES:  1. Shall have a minimum of three years experience as a certified coder. 2. Extensive knowledge of medical terminology, anatomy and physiology, in addition to the 1995 documentation guidelines for Evaluation and Management Service 3. Completion of an accredited program for coding certification or an accredited health information/medical record technology program.  A Certified Coder, an Accredited Record Technician, a Coding Specialist or a Registered Record Administrator with current affiliation with the American Health Information Management Association (AHIMA) or The American Academy of Professional Coders (AAPC) must have obtained and maintained. Continuing education in health information management is required. 4. Skill in exercising initiative, judgment, discretion, and decision-making to achieve regulatory and organizational objectives 5. Aptitude for establishing and maintaining effective working relationships with providers, clinic, billing, managed care, and other staff. 6. Skill in problem identification and resolution 7. Prefer experience in Microsoft Office Suite, Electronic Medical Records and Coding Compliance Editor coding and systems. 8. Must be detail oriented and able to meet targeted deadlines 9. Strong knowledge and understanding of regulatory compliance 10. Annual continuing education credits are required in order to maintain certification and internal company education requirements.






2-4-years-experience-needed licence-needed