The Senior Financial Business Analyst will be responsible for managing and configuring the JD Edwards Enterprise One financial module.  Primary tasks include configuring JDE E1 to meet business needs, analyze business requirements, recommend and implement solutions.  This role will act as a JDE business liaison working closely with users and leadership to translate requirements for Information Services staff.  Secondary tasks will involve managing testing processes, report development, system administration support and documentation of business processes and application solutions.   JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES SUMMARY:    • Identifies, implements and supports best practices across financial and related processes • Work closely with Finance and Operations and its business units to identify areas of opportunities to leverage technology to drive efficiencies that will reduce cycle time, increase inventory turns, exception based management, and key productivity improvements. • Drive standardized business processes among financial systems/functions to simplify business processes. • Work closely with management to understand and prioritize business goals and information needs, then translate these needs to functional systems requirement documents and design specifications, refining conceptual systems design requirements into high-level technical design document • Provide IT leadership towards the financial systems by developing project plans, obtaining business approvals, risk assessment analysis, implementation of changes, and overall project management to ensure goals are accomplished within prescribed time frame and cost. • Configuration of JD Edwards Financials (V9.00 or higher) system(s): - GL - AP - AR - Fixed Assets - Cost Accounting - Forecasting - Consolidation - Financial Reporting and Analysis - Inter-company - Human Capital Management - Procure-to-pay process • Managing overall testing process and project to production change management life-cycle. • This role combines JDE financial systems subject matter expertise and seasoned business analyst skills. To this end, the resource will have responsibility to conduct gap analysis, coordination of gap closure through development of business process changes, conference room pilots integration testing, system implementation and post production support. • This role must be able to lead process mapping exercise and process skills to motivate, lead, and develop team members assigned to this area. • Provide end user support, lead documentation of end user manuals, and ability to train end users. • Manage JDE system bugs; analyze root cause of problems and provide direction for work-arounds, corrections and enhancements. • Creation of functional requirements document. Work directly with end users to obtain requirements and translate the information into a functional requirements document for development towards a technical requirements document. • Serve as the lead for specific sections of a large-scale implementation and manage (plan, motivate, execute and report) all efforts related to the project. • Serve as the primary contact to end users for fielding support related requests. Log, track, resolve and report support issues to management. • Identification, implementation and support of financial system and financial process best practices. • Identify and integrate financial system solutions to support a growing global organization. • Support the needs of line management with enhanced financial system capabilities.    Supervision Received:  • Receives general leadership and direction from Vice President – Information Services  Authority and Accountabilities:  • Prioritization and delivery of financial and related projects • Leadership and guidance is exercised over I.S. project management and development staff and others involved in specific initiative teams. • High degree of latitude in accomplishing duties.   • Is accountable to Vice President of Information Services, the senior leadership of the organization and above as well as  peers within the group.   Job Qualifications: A.  Training/Education/License/Certification Minimum Requirements:    • BS/BA in Finance/Accounting or related area. • Project Management certification preferred. • Strong customer service, organizational management and communication (oral and written) skills • IBM i-Series (AS/400) is a plus  B.  Experience Minimum Requirements: • 5 - 7 years as JDE Enterprise One (v.8.12 or greater, preferred 9.00) Financial Systems Analyst experience  • 5 years experience in ability to configure in JDE Enterprise One v8.12 or greater • Manufacturing experience preferred this job. • BI Publisher and Hyperion experience desired • ERP (Enterprise One) Implementation is a plus 






5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed