ProLogistics, a wholly owned subsidiary of The Vincit Group is seeking a full-time, experienced Tractor-Trailer Driver for our Kansas City, MO location.   We're searching for a Regional CDL Truck Driver with Tanker & HAZMAT endorsement to deliver dry van freight. The driver is responsible for the safe and efficient delivery of the company's chemical products to customers and distribution centers, which are located in key areas to support our customer base. For more information on The Vincit Group and ProLogistics please visit our website at www.example.com   Job Summary   The successful candidate will:  • Pick up and/or deliver the load on time in a safe and efficient manner.  • Operate equipment, such as truck cab computers/tablet, CB radios, and telephones, to maintain contact with Distribution Manager to exchange necessary information, receive instructions, be dispatched to new location, report vehicle defects, accidents, or traffic violations. • Check vehicles to ensure that mechanical, safety, and emergency equipment are in good working order. • Maneuver trucks into loading or unloading positions, following signals from a loading crew and checking that vehicle and loading equipment are properly positioned. • Load or unload, or assists in loading and/or unloading truck ranging from 50-100 pounds, utilizing pallet jack or other equipment, and operate/maintain portable pumping units • Follow all safety regulations, MSDS, and PPE requirements when working around chemicals.  • Secure cargo for transport, using ropes, blocks, chain, binders, or covers. • Maintains various required driver logs, time and trip reports, vehicle inspection reports, and expense reports, following applicable state and federal regulations. • Collect delivery instructions from Distribution Manager, verifying instructions and routes. Ensure the accuracy of all shipping document is correct and provides enough information to provide for an on time and safe pick up or delivery.  • Need to make sure of weight and proper D.O.T classification on the paperwork to insure load is legal for transport. • Report vehicle defects, accidents, traffic violations, or damage to the vehicles. • Drive trucks to weigh stations before and after loading and along routes to document weights and to comply with state regulations. • Drive trucks with capacities greater than 3 tons, including tractor-trailer combinations, to transport and deliver chemical products, and other materials. • Obtain receipts or signatures for delivered goods and collect payment for services when required. • Inventory and inspect goods to be moved to determine quantities and conditions. • Obey traffic laws and follow established traffic and transportation procedures. • Services truck with oil, fuel, and radiator fluid to maintain tractor-trailer. • Operates auxiliary equipment. • Completes special projects upon requests, and other duties may be assigned.   Requirements   The successful candidate:  • Must have a High School Diploma or equivalent combination of education, training, and experience • Must have a minimum of 2 years over the road tractor trailer experience in the last 4 years • Must have a Class A Commercial Driver License (CDL) • Must have HAZMAT & Tanker endorsements from state of residence  • Must qualify for the TWIC card • Must be able to pass all Department of Transportation (DOT) requirements, including physical and drug screen • Must be at least 25 years of age • Must be able to travel overnight at least 2 nights a week • Travel within a 700 mile radius of Kansas City, MO • Safe, professional, dependable, and knowledgeable candidate are preferred • Good communication skills are also preferred   Must be willing to commute to Kansas, MO.    Pay & Benefits The successful candidate will receive a competitive salary, and will become eligible for annual performance based bonuses. The benefits package includes medical, vision, and dental insurance along with 401k with company contributions. Drivers are also provided with trip per diem and company expenses are covered. Drivers average two overnight trips per week, and are usually off on weekends.   EEO/AA M/F/V






salary 2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job