We currently have an opening for an Sr. Industrial Engineer at our Plant Facilities and Freezer in Le Mars, Iowa. This individual will be tasked with identifying and implementing continuous improvement through safety and ergonomic analysis, maximizing throughput opportunities by analyzing and assisting in defining the most efficient and effective methods, procedures, and processes for various operating systems. As well as provide Industrial Engineering support to all areas of Wells,Enterprises, Inc.     This will include ergonomic safety analysis, cost justification analysis, project estimates, project execution, and provide input into capacity strategies, product flow and simulation analysis, startup support and overall project management. Specific responsibilities include analyzing labor efficiency, increasing manufacturing throughput, identification of specific design requirements for executing projects, and the elimination of the 8 forms of waste.     Analyzing labor efficiency will include comparing staffing actual to plant costing standards and evaluating the work through line studies to identify potential improvements. Increasing throughput will be done through analysis of equipment, line efficiencies, line lay out, identification of bottleneck, simulations, as well as supporting standard work, centerlining and lean manufacturing principals. Using continuous improvement tools and partnering with our CI work group, this individual will work to identify and eliminate the 8 forms of waste.     Analyzing processes, identifying opportunities for improvement, putting together a project plan, and leading a team to solve problems will be required. It will also be required to leverage these skills to reapply lessons learned on existing lines and in new line lay-outs which will support safe and efficient operations.     Other responsibilities include providing industrial engineering services in supporting project teams as well as plant driven initiatives. Technical project management including scheduling, design, estimates, engineering specifications, drawings, materials procurement, construction contracts, cost tracking, and project cost projections.     Conduct engineering studies/investigations and prepare appropriate oral and written reports. Provide industrial engineering assistance to NPD teams as requested.     Complete assignments to meet customer needs and achieve cost, schedule and plant reliability objectives. Provide engineering services to support safe and efficient Wells' Enterprises operations. Investigate and solve problems relating to Wells' Enterprises operation. Perform responsibilities as directed within determined time frames and with a high degree of accuracy.     Provide accurate input into the budget process and contribute to meeting the actual targets.     Maintain the professional competence, knowledge and skills necessary to effectively complete responsibilities; enhance job knowledge and abilities by taking personal responsibility for professional development and training. In addition to the responsibilities listed above, other duties may be assigned by your supervisor as dictated by business necessity.     Qualified applicants must have a Bachelor of Science plus a minimum of 3 years of related experience.     F/M/V/D encouraged to apply. EOE/AA   






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed