LOCATION: Jersey City, NJ  SALARY: $55,000 + benefits  SCHEDULE: Full-time Permanent (Client will not consider Consultants)   EXPERIENCE NEEDED: Exposure to technology. Excellent written and oral communication skills, newsletter and marketing writing experience. Social media/web design skills, a plus.    OVERVIEW  Our client, an international financial services firm located in Jersey City, NJ, is looking for a Junior Technology Marketing Specialist who can effectively communicate and market the strategy being developed and implemented by Technology teams. This is an excellent opportunity to begin your marketing career in technology for a financial services firm.    OVERALL RESPONSIBILITIES    The individual will develop and disseminate communication across all IT departments. The ideal candidate will author short articles. The articles will be included in general newsletters, departmental publications and marketing materials around the new/enhanced processes currently being designed.    ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS   On a daily basis, work in conjunction with leadership to develop a communications and marketing strategy. The individual will act as a central contact point for all communications announced from within the organization and work in collaboration with Technology Teams to develop the monthly and quarterly program newsletter. Additionally, the Specialist will assist in updating and maintaining the websites. Assist in reporting data to help manage the monthly metrics report.    REQUIREMENTS  Years of Experience Necessary: 2 years experience.  Exposure to Technology. Excellent written and oral communication skills coupled with common sense and a willingness to learn both the business and the applications which support it. The ability to demonstrate the ability to work well within a team to learn and share knowledge. Proficient in MS Office Suite, including MS Publisher. Organized, creative, self-motivated and detail oriented. Basic social media and web design skills a plus.    EDUCATION  Bachelor of Science or Bachelor of Arts degree or equivalent work experience.  






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed salary full-time-job