Community Health Associates, a mental health provider, is seeking an intake clinician for our Yuma office. Qualified applicants will have or be able to obtain a level 1 fingerprint clearance card. Valid driver's license and reliable transportation required. Applications are available at www.example.com.  *Position Summary:* Interview members to assess and evaluate the members' problems, provide crisis intervention and determine treatment or rehabilitation needs; gather and analyze information on members' presenting circumstances, social and psychiatric history, and/or immediate needs; determine need and eligibility for behavioral health treatment, making recommendations and referrals within the Agency or to other programs and agencies as appropriate; oversee service plans which address the psychosocial needs as stated by members which may include housing, employment, education, financial, legal and social needs; prepare case histories and assessments or service plans; may provide individual, group and family mental health sessions as assigned, under the direct supervision of a licensed staff member; prepare a variety of administrative records, reports, correspondence and other documentation and maintains member records; communicate and/or consults with a variety of organizations, agencies, programs, and individuals in obtaining necessary treatment approaches and/ or support services for members, assisting members to meet their basic needs and improve their current situations; work with other agencies to identify, promote and develop needed health care services; participate in staff meetings, in-service training, team treatment sessions, conferences, and workshops; consult with Clinical Director, team members, and other professional staff concerning members; input and access data using a appropriate practice management system and computer. Members include children, adults, with severe disability, chronic illness, individuals in a crisis situation, and individuals who are parolees.  *Minimum Qualifications to Perform Job:* Bachelor’s degree in behavioral health or related field and three (3) years’ experience in a behavioral health setting. Certification as a Certified Assessor and Level One Fingerprint Clearance Card required. Ability to develop, implement programs and services in a culturally sensitive manner, communicate effectively both orally and written, demonstrate knowledge of compliance requirements and risk management Must be able to drive an automobile and work independently and flexible hours in order to meet the needs of members/consumers. Requires working knowledge of: * Symptoms and behaviors of major mental illnesses. * Basic social rehabilitation, socialization and practical life management skills. * Psychosocial aspects and characteristics of emotional disturbances and mental illness. * Principles and methods of interviewing, counseling, crisis intervention and assessing psychosocial behaviors. * Human behavior and development. * Problems, attitudes, and needs of the emotionally or socially disturbed. * Community resources. * Pharmacology of medications and psychotropic drugs. * Laws and regulations as they pertain to members' rights.






licence-needed supervising-job