Position Summary   The Senior Account Manager is responsible for growing some of the highest profile and fastest growing business at two of the top Specialty Retailers in the US, Petco and Unleashed.  This is position is fast paced, high profile, multifaceted, dynamic and has room for advancement as it is a succession role.    This position is geared toward top performers with solid CPG and/or retail backgrounds to take their careers to the next level.   Duties and Responsibilities • Manage and grow business within the Consumables Category at Petco and Petco.com • Lead the business in Unleashed, the fastest growing Pet Specialty Retailer in the US  • Manage and grow existing relationships with key influencers within Merchandising, Marketing, Space planning, Inventory and Senior Level Executives  • Develop Innovative programs that leverage all aspects of retailing principles • Identify new business opportunities and bring these to fruition • Increase sales in respective accounts by developing additional revenue sources   Qualifications Required: • 5+ years of solid sales experience in the CPG or retail.  Pet experience not required. • Proven track record of producing growth in a key account.   • Strong interpersonal and communication skills.  • Must be able to travel 20% of the time.  • Energetic and passionate about offering business solutions for clients. • Superior attention to detail and deliver superior customer service.   • Ability to understand financial reports including budgetary guidelines and project expenses.  • Ability to work under stress, with interruptions and tight deadlines.   • Ability to work individually and as part of a team with minimal supervision.   • Computer literate, high level of accuracy and detail oriented.  • Must be able to interact and influence C level executives.    • Demonstrate focused sales efforts, leadership, understanding of the CLA’s business model and environment.   • Ability to develop presentations and proposals. • Excellent written communication skills. Must be a proficient communicator, speaker and listener.  • Independent judgment to determine project guidelines, purpose, follow-through and completion.   • Must be a self-starter, open to collaboration and comfortable working in a small office environment. • Love of companion pets preferred. • Must have a good driving record and auto insurance liability limits of 25/50/15  Disclaimer The above and attached statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this position. Estimated percentages may vary considerably at times. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel so classified






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed