Apply directly to: www.example.com  The area: Enterprise  As the emerging leader in cloud computing, Google's Enterprise division delivers cloud services and other IT products to small and large businesses, educational institutions and government agencies. Our team of high-achieving engineers, product managers, sales, marketing and support professionals work with a vast array of partners and customers to advance the company's mission of organizing the world's information to make it universally accessible and useful. The Enterprise team is among a handful of rapidly emerging new businesses that are becoming front-and-center for Google as it enters its second decade as a company.   The role: Technical Specialist, Google Apps  As a Technical Specialist on the Enterprise team, you’ll work with business and university IT customers to enhance the use of Google Apps in their organizations. You will be providing solutions to challenging technical issues and optimizing the Google Apps experience. You will also build customer-facing operations, define client needs, and work with Product and Engineering teams to improve the overall product.   Responsibilities:  Deliver technical solutions to Google Apps for Business, Google Apps for Education and Google Apps for Government customers through one-to-one communication, effective prioritization, data analysis, and dedication to providing a world-class user experience.  Troubleshoot technical issues, escalate bug reports, proactively identify customer needs and work with Product Management and Engineering to improve the product.  Develop and implement processes and infrastructure to scale our customer-facing operations.   Minimum Qualifications:  BA/BS degree. In lieu of degree, four years of relevant experience.  Strong understanding of at least a few web (HTML, XML, HTTP), mail (SMTP, IMAP, POP, Exchange) and OS technologies (Windows/Unix/Linux administration)  Willingness to undergo a government background check to obtain clearance to work with government clients   Preferred Qualifications  Degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, or related discipline.  At least two years of experience providing technical support or consulting experience.  Experience with coding in one of the following programming languages: C/C++, Python, HTML, JavaScript.  Ability to identify complex problems and implement creative, data-driven solutions.  Strong project management skills with flexibility and willingness to work on a variety of projects while demonstrating ability to multitask and prioritize effectively.  Excellent written and verbal English communication skills, other languages a plus.    Location: Mountain View, CA or Austin, TX






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed