Territory will cover: Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington & Wyoming    SUMMARY  The Regional Sales Manager will be responsible but not limited to generating retail eyewear sales, placement and revenues within the territories of Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho, Iowa, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington & Wyoming    YOU MUST BE A ROAD WARRIOR and reside within the stated territory. You MUST be willing to travel each week by your car and/or air and reside near a major airport. We reimburse all of your travel expenses. Reliable transportation required.  QUALIFICATIONS  TO EVEN BE CONSIDERED FOR THIS POSITION YOU MUST HAVE A MINUMUM OF 3 YEARS OF BUSINESS TO BUSINESS SALES EXPERIENCE with a proven track record of successful sales performance preferably selling into large retail environments.  Bachelor's degree BA/BS or equivalent sales experience required  Strong organizational, analytical and business planning skills  Excellent written and verbal communication skills  A high degree of flexibility in adapting to a rapidly changing environment  Impeccable interpersonal skills to effectively work with many diverse customers  Ability to persuade, influence and sell to Key Decision Makers (Buyers, Market Managers and Regional Managers)  Strong Cold Calling Skills Required!!  Must have PC skills including MS Office, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook  We are looking for an individual who has PROVEN RECORD of building strong sales relationships with new and existing customers.  Must have a positive and outgoing attitude and be able to work independently with little supervision.  Eyewear Experience a Huge Plus as well as selling into Wal-Mart, Target, Home Depot or other Big Box retailers  Absolutely No Job Hoppers!!  Base Salary $45,000 annually plus Commission (large potential)   Lap Top, iphone provided  This is a very rare Full Time; year round opportunity to come to work for a dynamic company that has been in business for over 30 years and still growing!  Please send both your Cover Letter & Resume for consideration - EEO/AA M/F/V/D






bs-degree-needed full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed salary