LCSW-R Preferred (LCSW, LMSW or LMHC considered): Positions open in a progressive community based outpatient Behavioral Health clinic in the rural setting of Lowville in Lewis County. This full time position provides behavioral health assessments and interventions; the selected candidate should possess two years prior experience, NYS licensure and a valid NYS Driver’s License. Competitive salary and benefits are offered commensurate with experience.  EOE. Send resume by February 7th 2014 to Transitional Living Services 482 Black River Parkway, Watertown, NY 13601. Or check out our website at  www.example.com  SUMMARY  The work involves responsibility for providing professional clinical services including psychotherapeutic interventions and psychosocial evaluations/mental health assessment to individuals, families and/or groups in a community mental health clinic.  Responsible for performing all of the customary activities of a Licensed Clinical Therapist.  Develops and implements strength-based person-centered treatment plans and provides psychotherapeutic treatment to consumers.  Functions as the Clinical Care Coordinator for consumers including advocacy.    ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES   Evaluates, diagnoses, and provides psychotherapy for the prevention, and treatment of mental, emotion and behavioral disorders to the level of licensure;  Develops and implements individualized treatment plans.  Consult with multidisciplinary team to discuss assessment, treatment, advocacy and other resources to promote consumer health and wellness;  Maintains clinical licensure and continuing education units on annual basis.  Referral to other programs and/or agencies when necessary, to ensure continuity and coordination of services;  Facilitates at least one group therapy session per week.  Maintains a weekly performance standard of thirty (30) scheduled contact hours per week.  Performs Outreach to individuals and family members.  Provides advocacy services, referrals and links individuals and families with other programs and providers.  Completes all routine clinical documentation as per OMH regulations.  Attend required weekly treatment team, clinical supervision, education, and administrative meetings.  Provides on-call coverage for daytime and after hour’s crisis program;  Functions as a member of the multi-disciplinary team.  Maintains a high level of confidentiality of all information managed.  Other job related duties as assigned.  As Assigned: Designated Team Coordination *Makes recommendations for case assignments and case loads *Monitors consumer waiting list *Selects consumer cases for discussion *Reports clinical concerns to the Deputy Executive Director of Behavioral Health  Services *Identifies topics for professional development   Management has the right to add or change the duties of this position at any time.   EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE  Possession of a current valid New York State license through the Department of Education for LMSW, LCSW, LCSW-R, LMHC,LMFT,RN or LCAT.






2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job salary licence-needed