The Santa Cruz Women’s Health Center is opening a brand new Family Health Care facility offering patient centered medical care to men, women and children in early 2014.  Our new clinic is located steps from the beach, local coffee shops and restaurants and just a few miles from Pleasure Point surfing area and beautiful Capitola Village.    We are seeking a bilingual Referral Coordinator to facilitate and track patient specialty referrals, coordinate services and conduct follow-up.  This position is also responsible for patient case management and requires exceptional critical thinking, patient relations, organizational, and time management skills. Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:    • Maintain ongoing tracking and appropriate documentation on referrals to promote team awareness and ensure patient centered care.  • Be the system navigator and point of contact for patients and families. May assume advocate role on the patient's behalf with the carrier to ensure approval of the necessary supplies/services for the patient in a timely fashion.  • Identify and utilize cultural and community resources.   • Establish and maintain relationships with identified service providers.  •  Ensure that referrals are addressed in a timely manner.  •  Ensure that patient's primary care chart is up to date with information on specialist consults, hospitalizations, ER visits and community organization related to their health.    REQUIRED COMPETENCIES  • Job Expertise  • Customer Service   • Communication Skills      • Teamwork/Interpersonal Skills  • Judgment/Problem Solving     • Reliability    MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS  • Bachelor’s Degree, preferably in a health related field  • At least 1 year experience in a health care setting  • Fluent bilingual Spanish/English   • Ability to adapt and learn new skills quickly  • Ability to work some evenings and Saturdays  • Excellent patient/customer service, communication and follow-through skills    DESIRABLE QUALIFICATIONS  • Familiarity with local resources, medical insurances and/or health networks  • Experience in referral coordination or medical assisting  • Prior experience with eCW or other Electronic Medical Records (EMR) system    SALARY AND BENEFITS  Competitive salary and benefits package.  Paid time off and paid holidays accrue from date of hire. Employer subsidized group health, dental and life insurance after 90 days of employment with a satisfactory review.     APPLICATION PROCESS  Learn more about us at www.example.com.  Please submit current resume with letter of interest to Bianca McCauley, Human Resources Director.  No phone inquiries please.    THE SANTA CRUZ WOMEN'S HEALTH CENTER IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER






bs-degree-needed salary 1-year-experience-needed