True Payment Solutions, Inc is an innovative provider of payment processing services to small and medium size merchants in the United States. We provide Card Processing and ATM Services in an efficient cost effective professional approach.  As an Outside Sales Executive, you will be responsible for continuously building business relationships with new and existing clients.  Have you out grown your current position? Are you working too hard for too little? Would you like to explore a career that offers great rewards for your level of motivation? Do you love to sell? Do you pride yourself on building relationships and your ability to connect and communicate? Are you looking for an opportunity to take your earning potential to the next level? True Payment Solutions is looking for individuals with these exceptional qualities to partner with our sales team.  Make a good commission plus residual income. Average Sales Executive earns between $60k-$70k /Yr. with potential to make six figures. As your portfolio grows, so does your residual income.  Are you looking for long term financial stability? Can you uphold the highest of values?  Do you have an entrepreneurial spirit?  Are you motivated by success?  This opportunity is not for everyone but if you believe in your ability to sell, have a strong work ethic and want control over your financial destiny, please contact us today.  Qualifications:   • High School diploma required, College degree a plus  • 1 or more years of sales experience preferred  • Valid driver's license and reliable transportation required  • Basic fundamental understanding of sales skills and techniques  • Communication, relationship building, customer service, prioritization, account forecasting/planning, negotiating, consultative selling and superior organizational and time management skills  • Ability to perform without direct supervision  • Bilingual skills a plus  Benefits to Partnering with True Payment Solutions:  • Flexibility and Freedom to be your own boss • No out of pocket expenses payable to TPS • Uncapped earning potential • Lifetime vested residual income • Aggressive Commission structure paid daily • Generous bonus plan • Complete training, support, and management tools • Marketing materials and custom business cards • In house 24/7/365 customer service and technical support • And much more  For further information please visit www.example.com






1-year-experience-needed