• Unit / Org Activities:  Assist in creation of solutions and other IP artifacts; evangelize Infy Tech Brand in specific area.(by anchoring Tech Day, White Papers, speaking in forums, etc.) to strengthen competency / expertise in technology / domain. • Knowledge Management:  Evangelize usage of reusable frameworks and artifacts; create knowledge / certification artifacts and evaluation criteria; and guide or provide technical training in relevant technology areas, to develop talent in technology / domain. • Strategy & Road Map Definition (Technical & Domain):  Perform As-Is analysis and provide To-Be recommendations; evaluate product technology solution; and provide solution to specialized problems to provide inputs on technical and domain Road Map. • Client Management:  Lead technical discussions with customer SME and stakeholders to provide technical differentiation to the relationship. • Financial Management (Applicable for Technical Consulting engagements):  Understand the processes for various types of projects and the various pricing models available; monitor the financial metrics like revenue and profitability; and assist Team Lead in analysis to improve the financials of the engagement. • People Management:  Create knowledge / certification artifacts and evaluation criteria; mentor in building of new areas of competency; guide or provide technical training in relevant technology areas; assist in reportees’ career planning; and conduct technical interviews to develop talent in technology / domain. • Project Tracking, Control & Report (Applicable for Technical Consulting engagements only):  Perform project management activities in some cases like project plan development and deployment; monitor progress as per plan, resource and task allocation; track project delivery; influence relevant stakeholders to ensure project delivery as planned. • Maintenance and Production Support:  Resolve critical issues coming at live sites identify and fix critical architectural/framework issues related to the product to production support requirements. • Warranty:  Resolve critical issues coming at live sites and identify and fix critical architectural/framework issues related to the product to meet SLA requirements during Warranty. • Change Management:  Train the users (end and key users); prepare training material if required for a smooth transition to the new system/process for the users. • Implementation:  Validate / Review large / Guide complex deployment solutions and framework, and create the blue print for large deployment solutions to meet technical challenges in deployment. • Testing:  Give consultation to TL`s on test strategy and solutions, develop test strategy for complex testing requirements, and set complex multi-vendor, multi-platform testing environment to achieve effective validation. • Development / Build:  Conduct NFR compliance verifications, validates NFR compliance, ensure alignment with overall architecture view, create / develop reference codes; gives consultation to TL`s on complex coding and technical/product issues to ensure effective solution development. • Architecture:  Create, consult, review Architectural Decisions architecture solution, and perform re-engineering of architectures to create solution blueprint to meet project requirement. • Design:  Evaluate and review Design Frameworks and Methodologies, and approve design to achieve functional and non-functional requirements and conformance to the architecture. • Requirements Gathering:  Ensure and review that the business / technical requirements are understood and translated to system requirements (product requirements) consistent with frameworks / standards to meet requirement definition for products and large projects. • Product / Solution Development (Applicable for Technical Consulting engagements):  Assist in product / solution development and own a part of the solution to build a product / solution in the guidance of a supervisor. • Solution Evaluation and Recommendation (Applicable for Technical Consulting engagements):  Arrive at possible solution alternatives that factor in gap resolution, impact on related functional / technical areas and acceptability of the solution to the user community, technical feasibility, and efficiency to assist in arriving at the final solution definition. • Diagnosis and Discovery:  Conduct workshops; understand the As-Is processes / Current System Study; identify high level process / system changes, to arrive at process documents, process gaps, fit gap analysis, and requirements / assessment documents that are agreeable to the customer. • Problem Definition (Applicable for Technical Consulting engagements):  Participate in client discussions to understand the problems faced by the customer and articulate the same to the internal stakeholders; define and document the problem and get customer agreement; bring in best practices in the industry; provide different options to assist in, identify, and define the problem. • Project Plan Review:  Participate in project plan review and provide inputs to ensure accuracy of the plan. • Risk Planning:  Review, identify, and prioritize technical risks to develop a risk mitigation plan. • Quality Planning:  Review and validate the target metrics of a project from technology perspective like tools usage, re-usable frameworks and feasibility to assist in achieving the quality target. • Scheduling:  Provide inputs / insight into complexity of architectural requirements; review work breakdown structure and resources - task / activity planning; set milestones and deliverables to ensure correctness and optimal scheduling of the project. • Resource Planning:  Provide and review inputs on various competencies important to forming of team for projects to ensure resource competency requirements for the project. • Estimation:  Review and validate estimates for project and guide estimation for complex projects to ensure correct sizing of the work. • Project Scoping: Organize, document, and review work items scope from a technical view point and approach to ensure completeness and consistency in scoping of project. • Contracting and Agreement:  Provide technical inputs for contracting and deal negotiations to write relevant sections like SLA, assumptions, dependencies, etc. in the contractual documents. • Alliance:  Interact with vendors/alliances and understand the complimentary offering / products / IP / Solutions to leverage partner technologies. • Proposals:  Provides domain technical consultation to Pre-Sales, participates in proposal activities and discussions with customer and client visits as SME; participates in POC; Architect and validate complex technical solution when required; perform estimations and collateral consolidation; bring in alliance product offering / IPs to provide technical leadership and create technical differentiation.       • Prospecting:  Identify opportunities in accounts or new technology area and provide necessary credentials to support Client Services team in prospecting. • Marketing & Branding:  Evangelize Infosys Tech Brand in specific area, (by anchoring Tech Day, White Papers, speaking in Forums etc.); build artifacts in new areas of competency (define or identify problems of interest in particular domain, and establish relevance as opportunity to build collateral and GTM solutions. • Business Planning:  Perform the competitive analysis of products and technologies under guidance to provide input on the service offering and input on suitable customers for pursuits.  Requirements:  • Bachelor’s degree • Applicants for employment in the U.S. must possess US Green Card or US citizenship. • 11+  years of overall experience . 2-3 hands on experience as a SingleView Architect  • This role requires flexibility to relocate within the United States  • BSS/OSS Experience with special emphasis on Billing Solution Architecture • Expertise on one or more Telco Industry Billing Packages. INTEC – Singl.eView experience will be key • Experience in all Telco Billing modules viz., pricing, rating, discounting, taxation, invoicing, bill presentation etc • Good communication skills, ability to travel. 






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job