Due to the low mortgage rates and special Government programs afforded to homeowners, we are in need of more loan originators who have the ability to telecommute from home.  We would prefer experienced current Oregon and Washington licensed individuals, but are also open to training newly licensed individuals. If you are interested in obtaining your loan originator license, we can also guide you in accomplishing this, at a discount!   We have our own line of marketing that make the phones ring and we need strong first time closers to take the lead prospect from introduction to funding. Our Corporate structure offers access to a manager, by phone from 9 am - 7pm M-F and almost at anytime via email, for getting assistance with your files when you need it.  Tied in directly with our corporate processing team, these team members will facilitate the closing of your loans, leaving you more time to originate! More time = More money!!  Work with a Broker that isn't afraid to spend money to help you to make money. All marketing ideas will be considered, so bring your imagination!! Fun but professional support staff consists of processors with over 20+ years combined experience, 2 administrative assistants to assist not only the processing team but you, the loan originators, as well. Tie that together with a Branch Manager and a Broker that will assist in any way possible to help get your files closed, and you have a combination for success!   The right candidate WILL have CURRENT EXPERIENCE with full knowledge of the S.A.F.E. Act of 2008 and the regulations that were created because of it. If you have recently received licensing in WA or OR please contact us, as well, for our entry level in house training positions. Our lead programs have our phones ringing so being on top of your game is essential! Experience with and working knowledge of loan origination software, CALYX POINT comprehensive users will head to the TOP of the candidate list.  West Coast Mortgage Group operates in a primarily paperless environment.  What that means to a Loan Originator is quicker customer disclosure signings and lender submissions. and if you are trained in paperless office, you will excel quickly within our organization. We are looking for 4-5 people ready to hit the ground running.  We offer 2 structured commission structures to allow you to make your best money and offer the best deals. Applicants MUST be confident in their sales techniques and abilities to thrive in a commission based environment. we are starting out at 75 bps and it just goes up from there! Come work for a company that KNOWS the value of an excellent loan originator, and rewards you with great pay!  EMAIL COVER LETTER AND RESUME.  PLEASE ALSO INCLUDE YOUR CURRENT OR LAST EMPLOYMENTS COMPENSATION PLAN. We want to be sure we are paying you far better than what you are/were making.  Be sure to tell us why you feel you would be the best candidate for the position. Our current loan officers are closing 3-4 per month and the top producers are closing 6-8 and more per month.  Only Candidates best suited with the skill set to excel in originating will be contacted for interviews. We thank you for your desire to work with us and wish everyone well with your career finding efforts.






licence-needed