Vantage Finance is a company that provides Auto Dealers the lending  hand they need. From providing professional finance support, backend products  and the ability to increase sales.   We have developed a system to increase profitability that allows the dealer to  focus more time on selling automobiles. Once you have become a dealer partner  with us, we will show you how our unique system works.  Providing dealers with the professional support needed to advance in today's marketplace.  F&I Consulting Access to Financing Sources Expanded Profitability Dealer Support Online Credit Application  Job Description  As a Regional Sales Manager (RSM), you will be responsible for providing quality service by satisfying the business needs of the Independent dealer and developing dealer relationships that generate contracts according to the Vantage Program. You will be responsible for working with business partners/dealers to produce reporting that supports business’ needs; review production activity and analyze production results to identify performance trends; communicate/share results to dealers; establish action plans to address areas of need and/or concern.   You will establish a call report that tracks sales calls to dealers; record call activity daily and log captured approvals.  The RSM will call on dealers within their geographic area (e.g., indirect sales) to introduce Vantage’s Finance product offerings and to determine the dealer’s financing needs as it applies to indirect lending. The RSM will use a variety of sources to identify target dealers, including: daily reports, auto count, internal referrals, industry referrals, state independent auto dealer associations, and the Internet.   The RSM will be responsible for prospecting new dealer relationships, on-boarding dealers, training dealers to utilize our platform, working with dealers to capture business, managing dealer relationships, and serving as the primary point of communication between the dealer and Vantage Finance.  This is a commission based position.There is a small monthly base, income potential is based on effort and industry knowledge.   Primarily working with independent dealerships   Knowledge, Skills, and Ability High School or Equivalent College Preferred but not required Some Industry Knowledge Sales Experience Excel, Word 






