As a Web Solutions Architect (SA), you will be an integral member of the Application Development Group at CPI and will serve as the conduit of information between our clients and our internal development team. You will work directly with clients through the entire lifecycle of the project - from inception to ongoing maintenance. Job Duties: • Consult with clients and assist in development of project strategy, project plans, marketing solutions and solution architecture. • Gather system requirements from clients and all key stakeholders. • Create professional-caliber documentation (Site Diagrams, Statement of Work, Marketing Plans, Use Cases, Activity Diagrams, Business and Data Work Flow Diagrams, Complete Specification, etc.). • Work within a pre-defined project and SDLC methodology. • Communicate project vision and plan to our internal team. • Develop a comprehensive project plan for fulfilling the clients' requirements including work breakdown structure, timeline and budget. • Effectively delegate tasks to team members and clients. • Manage process, timelines, budgets and change requests. • Have an ambitious attitude and be able to take initiative and ownership for the projects you manage. • Work in a fast-paced, energetic environment. • Obtain client acceptance/sign-off for key project deliverables. • Provide status reports to our internal team and client. • Provide leadership and mentorship while maintaining a positive attitude towards all team members. • Assume final QA role on client deliverables. Compensation: This is a full-time position with a competitive salary and an incentive package. CPI Solutions provides an attractive benefits package, including 401k, medical/dental/vision benefits, and paid time off.   Desired Skills & Experience Requirements: • 2+ years of project management experience in Web or software related field • 4+ years of Web or Application Development related experience • Strong understanding of Web Technologies and Terminology • Excellent written and verbal communication skills • Organized and detail-oriented • Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, Project, and Visio Skills: • Web • Project Management • Website and Software Application Planning • UML • Microsoft Word/Excel/Project/Visio Recommended Skills: • Product Familiarity: Microsoft Visual Studio 2005/2008, Team Foundation System, SQL Server 2005/2008, Axure






full-time-job salary 2-4-years-experience-needed