Looking for a fun, fast-paced, and exciting working environment? Do you want a rewarding career working with great people, developing your own team, managing a well-loved national restaurant brand? Where else can your workday be filled with rollerskating carhops, loyal guests enjoying music and ice cream on your patio, and the fun retro vibe of a drive-in?  We are looking for fun, hardworking professionals to add to our management team. We prefer prior management experience, preferably in a restaurant environment. Candidates must be professional, have excellent leadership skills, be good problem solvers, have excellent communication skills, be highly motivated and organized. Candidates must have prior management experience and experience running shifts and managing people without supervision.  Candidates must also be able to work irregular hours including nights, weekends, and holidays, and must be able to work 50+ hours per week. Continuous standing, bending, stooping, lifting, stretching, and frequent over-head lifting will be required when staging, preparing, or packaging menu items and/or cleaning. Frequent exposure to heat and hot liquid shortening while cooking. Frequent exposure to freezer when stocking food items. Occasional exposure to extreme temperatures based on variable weather conditions.  General Managers receive salary plus bonus based on performance making total wages of 50k+ very achievable for many managers.  Our franchise group has been in business over 30 years, with some of our team having been with us nearly the entire time. Given our experience, we are able to provide you excellent training to help you adapt to our culture and give you the best opportunity at success!  If you think you have what it takes to be a part of our Sonic family, please fill out an application and take our assessment at www.example.com  \\*JS Management is an equal opportunity employer. \\* This advertisement is not an exhaustive list of all requirements for this position. Additional job duties and a job description will be provided if you are selected for an interview.






supervising-job salary