Web and Graphic Designer - Internship  Company Overview MFR Consultants, Inc. provides end-to-end solutions, project management, quality assurance, systems integration and enterprise risk management. We deliver proven, creative and innovative consulting services that generate success for our clients and their constituents. Government, local agencies and private sector benefit from our past performance and in-depth understanding of public services. Committed to excellence, MFR brings quality and efficiency together into one multi-disciplinary team. At MFR, we understand that our success is based on our clients’ success.  Visit our website at www.example.com.  Position Description:  MFR is seeking an undergraduate (minimum junior year) or graduate level student for a graphic and web design internship.  Working in conjunction with MFR staff, the candidate will be responsible for developing graphic layouts and design concepts as well as determining illustrative needs for hard and soft copy products, websites and social media outlets. This position will require someone with demonstrated excellence in graphic design skills and a high degree of innovation through a developed portfolio; excellent analytical thinking and creative problem solving skills for visual information design; strong interpersonal, communication, and customer service skills; the ability to function effectively as part of a multidisciplinary team; and the ability to quickly learn and integrate new tools and technologies to meet customer needs.   Requirements:  • Ability to create and implement designs that translate into visually appealing & effective web pages and print materials • Good knowledge of digital and photographic imagery • Ability to collaborate with MFR staff on key projects related to web and graphic design • Assist MFR with developing a methodology for effective use of social media outlets (Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, etc.) to improve marketing reach • Effective verbal and written communication skills and the ability to interact professionally  • Demonstrate strong presentation skills, ability to prioritize in a fast-paced environment, and be a team player   Technical Proficiency: • Minimum of two (2) years’ experience in web and graphic design  • Strong background with using Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, InDesign, Illustrator, Dreamweaver), WordPress, Drupal, HTML 4, CSS, Javascript, Ruby on Rails or other related language • Proficient with both Mac and Windows Systems. • Ability to learn new Internet and authoring technologies for web site development • Familiarity with agile development techniques and planning is a bonus • Good knowledge of industry UX and UI standards   Academic: • BFA, MFA – Bachelor of Fine Arts, Master of Fine Arts • BA or BS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Graphic Design • Other related degree






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed