*About This Opportunity* National Laser Institute is the world's premier school for providing aesthetic laser and advanced injectibles training to doctors, nurses, and others entering the medical aesthetics industry. We operate schools and med spas across the country, and we provide a fast-paced, fun, and exciting work environment for our employees.  As an accounting and credit analyst, you will apply your financial, accounting, analytical, statistical, and communication skills to help National Laser Institute improve internal controls, improve operating efficiency, and increase revenue.  *Accounting Analyst Duties* You will review transactions through our spa management software and verify that transactions are in compliance with policies and procedures. You will use analytical and Excel skills to analyze refunds, discounts, and voids performed by spa staff. You will need to prepare different report variations from this data to provide useful information to management so they may make better marketing, operational, and internal control decisions. You will analyze activity reports and compare with results to assist management in measuring staff performance.  You will spend approximately 20 hours per week performing accounting analyst duties.  *Credit Analyst Duties* You will build relationships with community banks, credit unions, and finance companies throughout the United States. In the relationship building process, you will indentify the financial institutions' lending criteria, and determine from that criteria which institutions would be most likely to provide financing to our students. You will determine the manner in which these institutions prefer to receive loan submissions, and you will design standardized loan packaging guidelines that our admissions staff will follow.  Once you have secured an adequate number of student loan sources, you will work with the CFO and IT department to develop an internal underwriting system to: 1) streamline the loan submission and approval process; 2) improve the returns on our in-house loan portfolio; and 3) ease regulatory compliance burdens. Correspondingly, you will do periodic analysis on our loan portfolio to assist management in making decisions with those receivables.  You will spend approximately 20 hours per week performing credit analyst duties.  *General Qualifications* * Strong academic performance (GPA of 3.25 or above) and a BA or BS degree in Finance, Accounting, Business, Economics, Statistics, and/or closely related study knowledge * Experience with expert level Excel * Experience applying data analysis and reporting functionality techniques and other tools used for creation and execution of queries and reports * Must have strong quantitative, analytical, modeling, and reporting skills * Clear and effective verbal and written communication skills * Excellent and creative problem solving ability * Reflects high degree of professional initiative and willingness/ability to operate effectively both on a team and independently. * Leadership and decision-making skills * Strong planning and organizational skills * Strong desire to advance in the company by developing a track record of leadership and success * Positive attitude, excellent interpersonal skills, thinks, reasons, and makes sound judgments to decide how duties and responsibilities should be completed. * Supports the values of National Laser Institute: commitments to excellence, fosters a fun work environment, friendly, energetic, and the ability to solve problems and ask the right questions.  *Salary and Benefits* * $30,000 base salary plus generous bonuses and salary step-ups based on completing projects successfully. Ideal employee should earn $55,000 with performance that meets our expectations. * Medical, dental, vision benefits offered after 90 days of full-time employment. * Free or discounted med spa treatments.






full-time-job bs-degree-needed salary