Litigation Examiner --------------------------------------------------------------------------------  SUMMARY:  Manages the settlement of complex, high-value claim files in suit. Cases will involve complex coverage, liability, damages and/or injuries.  ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:  Manage and direct attorneys assigned to defend insureds or attorneys assigned to prosecute Declaratory Judgment Actions.  Manages independent adjusters assigned to the Examiners files.  May give technical assistance to staff adjusters on their files. May extend settlement authority to staff adjusters.  Assist and direct the proper investigation of coverage and liability issues and extend settlement authority. Determine what investigation is necessary in order to bring a claim to an equitable conclusion for all parties involved.  Assures proper documentation in all assigned claim files.  Review insurance policies for coverage decisions and makes recommendations.  Make decisions regarding the liability of an insured.  Responsible for keeping a proper level of loss and expense reserve on a claim.  Maintain a working diary of assigned claims.  Return all phone calls promptly  Assist in the training of personnel within the department.  They will have daily contact with adjusters and/or insureds and/or claimants and/or attorneys and/or vendors and/or agents and/or other department managers.  They deal with and have access to information that is important and must be kept confidential.  Perform other similar or related duties as assigned.  REQUIRED EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE: A four-year degree from an accredited institution. A law degree from an accredited institution is preferred. Knowledge of and adherence to the state laws and regulations governing the handling of property and casualty claims. Prior experience handling commercial liability claims including at least two years handling construction defect claims and lawsuits is required. Prior experience managing outside attorneys for insured defense and declaratory judgment action against the company is requires. Prior experience in handling bodily injury claims and lawsuits is preferred. Excellent writing skills including drafting reservation of rights letter and coverage denial letters. Experience in Surplus Lines is desirable but not required. Knowledge of medical terms. Excellent computer skills. Advanced communication skills are required to understand, interpret and convey technical information. Excellent time management skills. Knowledge of the litigation process, issues and procedures.A resident adjuster’s license in North Carolina. A non-resident adjuster’s license where required in the states where we do business.  MENTAL REQUIREMENTS: The ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. The ability to think independently, to collect, compile and organizing facts and figures in accordance with established procedures. The ability to interpret an extensive variety of instructions in written or diagram form. Reasoning; dealing with problems involving a few variables in standard situations.  PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to use hands to finger, handle controls and talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to sit and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand and walk. The employee must frequently lift and / or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision and the ability to adjust focus.  WORK ENVIRONMENT:  The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  Works indoors at a cubicle with a computer. The noise level is usually moderate.  TRAVEL: 5%






bs-degree-needed