Lucky Strike Lanes and Lounge is the nation's premier destination for dining, lounging and bowling. Opening our first location in 2003, Lucky Strike Hollywood - an upscale bowling lounge with gourmet food, plush seating, and signature cocktails, was an immediate and overwhelming hit.     We are now looking for driven and committed team players to join the Lucky Strike family. We are seeking people who, like Lucky Strike, are ready to stand out among their peers as the best of the best. We offer a fun, challenging and rewarding work environment in an industry that is changing daily. If you think you are ready to roll with us, we want to hear from you!     The Sous Chef will be responsible for the management of the kitchen on a daily basis including management of food, ensuring that product presentation, execution, timing and quality of food is upheld. The Sous chef must have the ability to maintain the cleanliness, organization along with the safety and sanitation of all kitchen areas.    REPORTING RELATIONSHIPS: Reports to Executive Chef Direct reports: Kitchen staff    RESPONSIBILITIES: FINANCIAL/OPERATIONS:  *Effectively manage costs and labor on a shiftily basis  *Maintain Lucky strike standards and specifications related to food preparations and food handling on a daily basis as stated in the recipe and plating books.  *Responsible for compliance with all environmental and health board requirements related to preparation and service of food and beverages.  *Maintain safety and sanitation standards  *Ordering of all food and bar product  *Scheduling of all kitchen staff  *Daily systems implemented and followed ie: line check, rosters, prep lists, daily menu item report, etc.  *Sanitation monitor *weekly kitchen walk thru *create daily awareness *cleaning schedule    GUEST SERVICE:  *Ensure the highest level of quality product and service  *Execution off all menu categories and specific recipes for each item including timing, quality, temperature, portion control, presentation, etc.    REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:  *Minimum 3 years experience in high volume full service or casual dining/quality dining restaurant.  *Proven leadership skills with the ability to motivate and mange staff  *Ability to function in a team oriented environment  *Organizational skills  *Strong verbal communication  *Bilingual (preferred)      Stay outta the gutter baby! Work for Lucky Strike!  Lucky Strike is an Equal Opportunity Employer     






2-4-years-experience-needed