MassMedia is a fast-growing advertising and public relations agency dedicated to helping our clients establish and grow relationships with their best customers and patients. Our campaigns include award-winning work for some of Nevada’s most recognized brands.   We currently have an opportunity for an Assistant Account Executive to assist in the day-to-day execution of marketing and communications campaigns for a variety of healthcare and corporate companies. This person will play a vital role in ensuring the effective execution of our client deliverables by providing a variety of administrative, trafficking and project management functions in support of the account team. This is an excellent opportunity for dynamic individuals to advance their careers in advertising and public relations by working in an environment dedicated to learning and professional development.  Responsibilities: • Assist Account Manager in performing day-to-day account work which may include: drafting a wide range of written materials, providing direction to the creative team, coordinating events, maintaining client and media contacts, managing projects performed with and by others and development of media materials.  • Create and manage project status reports for account and cross functional teams. • Apply knowledge of the full range of resources available throughout the agency. • Identify and pursue opportunities for enhancing involvement and contributions to the client, account team and agency. • Attend weekly status meeting to understand current project loads and issues/concerns. • Identify risks to timelines and coordinate problem resolution with functional leads. • Serve as a point of contact for team resources to resolve competing priorities in their weekly tasks. • Understand and manage billing and activity reporting processes. • Oversee preparation of monthly client reports. • Complete timesheets daily and otherwise acts in accordance with company policies  and procedures. • Manage time for optimum productivity and maximum billability. • Recommend solutions when problems arise and assist peers in problem solving. • Utilize the talents of colleagues in own problem solving. • Participate actively in team, staff and client meetings.  Skills/Expertise: • Excellent communication skills and demonstrates ability to work effectively with a wide range of people and roles  • Thorough understanding of role of media and internet marketing tools in overall marketing mix. • Demonstrates proficiency in using internal and external research capabilities and in preparing in-depth analyses. • Organized, accurate and detail-oriented  • Ability to prioritize tasks and manage own time  






