SAS “Healthcare” EBI Developer  Chicago, IL   - Onsite (100%), 6-month FTE (40 hours/week).  Job Title: SAS Healthcare EBI Developer    End:   6 months from start date.  Contract Duration: 960 hours—6 months.  Primary Skill Set, Qualifications & Job Description:  We prefer candidates with 2+ years of health care data reporting experience, but clinical knowledge is not absolutely necessary.  Background:  This position involves the development of online reporting and business intelligence solutions for the Customer’s client’s utilizing the SAS EBI suite of products.  The position supports the Customer’s main reporting products, which include robust operational and analytical tools used by analysts, healthcare professionals, and health plan managers and executives.   This position involves the development of SAS online reporting and business intelligence solutions for clients utilizing the SAS EBI suite of products.  Individuals with 2+ years of SAS EBI experience and 4+ years of strong SAS programming skills using Base SAS, SAS MACROS and ODS (all required) are encouraged to apply.  Again, we prefer candidates with 2+ years of health care data reporting experience, but clinical knowledge is not absolutely necessary.  This position will support an online reporting tool providing access to timely patient-centric data and guideline compliance results to both providers and IPA administrators as well as another reporting tool that provides robust management and operational analytical tools to healthplan managers and analysts.  The Consultant’s duties will include:  Develop web reports utilizing Base SAS programming (including DATA step, Macros and SQL) and the entire SAS EBI suite (WRS, IDP, OLAP, AMO, IMAP, Dashboard) to support patient management, risk management, and strategic decision-making.  Create and manage SAS stored process programs using ODS (HTML, PDF, etc.) to deliver online reporting content to physicians, administrators, analysts and healthcare professionals.  Assist in the development, design and maintenance of SAS Information Maps and Web Report Studio reports for health plan clients.  Build, maintain and test OLAP cubes using OLAP Cube Studio for use with Web Report Studio.  Transition existing manual reporting processes to automated processes accessed through the SAS web portal.  Design, implement, test, and maintain client reporting pages for new and existing clients delivered through the SAS Information Delivery Portal.  Develop interactive client web reporting pages combining standard SAS modules (SAS/GRAPH, PROC REPORT, ODS) and HTML/CSS/JavaScript.    Create and manage custom client dashboards utilizing the BI Dashboard and/or ODS.    Track requests for new reports and functionality.    Assist internal staff and external users with training and troubleshooting.    Contribute to the standardization and documentation of reporting processes and standards.  Develop and maintain data preparation and validation routines to support the reporting of clinical metrics and cost information.   Process and analyze data to support clinical and financial initiatives for managed care organizations.   Perform ad-hoc analysis of data for the customers.  Candidates should also have the following skillsets or qualifications: 1. Ability to work independently on multiple projects. 2. Experience with SQL databases and the design of PROC SQL queries is a plus 3. Knowledge of OLAP, SAS PROC OLAP and/or MDX queries is a plus. 4. Basic knowledge of HTML and basic JavaScript is a plus  Send Resume: example@example.com com






2-4-years-experience-needed