Company:    EntryPoint is an SAP Gold Partner that was recently selected as one of only three Strategic Value-Add Resellers (VARs) in North America and we are aggressively growing our established consulting team to serve our expanding middle-market and F500 Divisional client base.  This recent Strategic VAR partnership is further proof of our recognized and respected long-standing relationship with SAP backed by strong client work.  Isn’t it time you also take a look at what EntryPoint has to offer?  If you are looking for a progressive, growing company that will leverage your expertise, value your contribution, help you grow your skills and provide work/life balance, you may have found it.  If you want to be challenged, have fun and work in a great team environment, then apply now and join one of the fastest growing SAP consulting teams in the U.S.     Senior SAP CRM Sales Consultant      EntryPoint Consulting is seeking a strong SAP CRM Sales Functional consultant to be an integral part of our SAP CRM Consulting Team. Experience in manufacturing or wholesale distribution is desired with competency in Sales (Performance Management, Accounts and Contact, Opportunity Management, Quotation and Order Management) Marketing (Campaign and Lead Management) and CRM Interactive Reporting.       Required Skills:    We seek experienced consultants having expertise in some of these areas:    -   Implementing SAP Sales Force Automation (SFA) as part of SAP CRM (must be Version 5.0 or greater);   -   Experience with CRM 7.0 a big plus;  -   Experience performing SAP CRM configuration: Sales (Performance Management, Accounts and Contact, Opportunity Management, Quotation and Order Management) Marketing (Segmentation, Campaign and Lead Management);  -   Full Life Cycle implementations of SAP CRM: Gap Analysis, Blueprinting and Realization;  -   Knowledge in the overall Sales process; business process analysis and redesign experience.  Knowledge of Customer Service, Marketing, and/or Interaction Center a plus but not essential;  -    Good consulting skills with an ability to analyze clients' business requirements and map them to best practices as embodied in SAP CRM, especially its Sales Methodology components;  -   Strong analytical capabilities; and  -   Ability to analyze business problems from both a qualitative and quantitative perspective.      Responsibilities:    -    Design, configuration, and testing of an online SAP CRM SFA system;  -    Team lead for CRM effort from implementation through production go-live;  -    Member of the EntryPoint SAP CRM team implementing SAP CRM Sales/SFA Solutions;  -    Lay the foundation for subsequent phases including expansion to E-Commerce, and Marketing      Preferred Background:    The successful candidate must possess and be able to demonstrate:    -   Verifiable subject matter and solution expertise - generally viewed as the \"go-to\" person on a project - acknowledged subject matter expert.  -   Terrific \"soft skills\" leveraged across clients' technical, project and business personnel.  -   Minimum of 5-6 years of professional experience (consulting, software/system implementation industry expertise).  -   Energy, enthusiasm and positive spirit - confident without arrogance.  -   Entrepreneurial spirit - will do what it takes to get the job done.  -   High level of commitment to follow-up and client success:  never let a commitment slip.  -   Desire to share expertise with team members and the client.  -   Bachelor's degree in a technical or business area.  (MBA a big plus)  -   US Citizen      Compensation & Benefits:    Compensation packages include competitive base salaries and an above-average performance incentive plan for top performers based on client satisfaction/loyalty, individual contributions to Practice growth and utilization.    Our Spectrum of Benefits is geared toward giving our employees the flexibility they need, and we offer the following to all employees:    -   Comprehensive national Medical Plan with low individual contributions  -   Comprehensive national Dental Plan with low individual contributions  -   Comprehensive national Vision Service Plan with low individual contributions  -   Term Life Insurance  -   Competitive vacation/holiday program  -   401(k) Plan  -   ... and a chance to make a difference!      






supervising-job salary 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed