*We have an immediate opening for an experienced, reliable, and self-motivated individual to help us manage our web design project pipeline.*  SZ Creative Solutions, LLC is a stable, successful web design and online marketing company based in downtown Eugene. We provide web design, development, SEO, and SEM services to clients in the local, national and international markets. Our services are in high demand and we're looking for someone to grow with the company.  We are looking for an individual with a background in web design to oversee our daily operations and manage our new and ongoing web design pipeline and marketing campaigns. This individual will oversee projects from conception to launch, tasking and managing contractors while keeping a close communication with the client. The candidate must have an understanding of the life cycle of a web design project and be capable of keeping dozens of projects within scope and budget while staying on the timeline.  Since this is a heavily deadline driven industry, the project manager must possess exceptional organizational skills, excellent attention to detail, the ability to multi-task, and be able to keep a cool and relaxed demeanor under pressure. A friendly and positive attitude is necessary at all times in this position. Just as important is the need to be able to relate easily with the customer and contractors while managing multiple requests with poise and patients.  If you have a web design background, are organized, like lists, are very detail oriented and great with people, we want to speak with you! There is room to train on project management for the right person.  *RESPONSIBILITIES:*  * Manage our daily operations of web design projects and marketing campaigns. * Facilitate cross-functional communications among development, marketing, and sales groups. * Coordinate customer requests and the workflow of our operation. * Ensure projects normally remain within the scope and budget. * Review completed projects for accuracy and obtain customer approval. * Track and communicate progress and provide updates to the client and our management. * Continuously looks for and assist in implementing best practices throughout the company in project management and overall fulfillment system. * Stays current with emerging web standards and specialized training in user-centric design and online marketing techniques. * Demonstrates effectiveness in meticulous work habits, excellent organization, project management, workload balancing, team coordination and level setting skills.  *REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS:*  * 1 - 2 years of web design or related experience. * Some project management or related training or experience. * Excellent customer service demeanor and communication skills * Dependable, reliable, punctual and consistent * Well-organized and detail-oriented personality * Demonstrated leadership capabilities in a team environment * Proactive, self-starter with a positive attitude * Deadline-driven and the ability to work well under pressure.  *PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS:*  * Previous project management education or position in web design or marketing * Online marketing knowledge or experience  *COMPENSATION/BENEFITS:*  Salary or Hourly - depending on experience  Includes: * Medical Insurance (available for qualified full time employees) * 7 Paid Holidays, after 2 months * 5 Paid days off, after 6 months in the first year  If interested, please complete our online questionnaire, and attach your resume at www.example.com. We will only consider candidates who meet the required qualifications and provide the background information we request.






1-year-experience-needed salary