*Expat contract & relocation support for Haitian Nationals*  This position is located in *Port-au-Prince, Haiti.*  With a major focus on continuous growth, our client recognizes the need to excel in customer service, ensuring that they meet and exceed the expectations of their external and internal customers.  To achieve that goal, the role of the *Customer Services Manager* is of paramount importance.   This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced Customer Services Manager to join a world class organization and through internal coordination with the Supply Chain, Sales and Logistics teams, and externally with customers and transport suppliers, to get the customers served on time in an efficient manner.    *Managing a team of 6,* this individual will be responsible for developing and executing new processes and procedures to raise the level of customer service and help continue to grow the business.   The ideal candidate will have a minimum of 5+ years’ relevant customer service experience and be a hands-on, results-oriented Manager with proven success in motivating people and developing strong teams.   You must be *fluent in English, Creole (speaking) and French.*  You will be responsible for:  * Manage and facilitate communication with customers, and between customer service and key accounts. Organizes meetings with other managers to discuss potential improvements regarding customer service. * Create, evaluate and optimize Customer Services plans. Monitor/ensure the execution and progress of the customer services planning, selling trucks, own depots, and external distributors, in close cooperation with the logistics department. Suggest and implement improvements where needed.  * Monitor the order processing flow in a timely and accurate manner from the reception of orders through invoicing. Collect customer orders, and make sure they are processed on time. * Optimize supporting systems and tools (ordering and billing), and coordinate the accurate usage of these systems. * Manage and follow up customer complaints, monitoring and evaluation of the resolution process with involvement of relevant stakeholders. * Create and evaluate statistics, and other data, in order to determine the level of customer service the organization is providing. * Provide clear and accurate information on customer performance * Manage the export process, from order to cash. * Coordinate with clients and distributors/importers. * Organize, motivate, and encourage teamwork within his department to ensure efficiency and the achievement of targets. * Define clear roles and responsibilities for his team members. * Define clear KPI’s to evaluate performance of his team.  You must be able to demonstrate the following competencies:  * Proven track record in monitoring the order processing flow in a timely and accurate manner from the reception of orders through invoicing.  * Strong leader and manager with proven success in building teams.   * Experience in creating and evaluating statistics and other data in order to determine the level of customer service. * Excellent communicator with strong presence and interpersonal skills.  * Hands on problem-solving and capability to generate ideas and solutions. * Excellent organizational and time management skills. Capacity to cope with competing demands and to prioritize tasks. * Capable of working independently, and having responsibility as an individual as well as a Leader * University diploma- preferably, Engineering or Business Administration.






5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job