REPORTS TO: EST DIRECTOR  REPSONSIBILITIES: 1. Receive information from the IDG team regarding patients admitted to the hospice, their religious  2. affiliation and the patient’s primary spiritual caregiver.  3. Involve patient and/or significant others in determination of care goals and objectives.  4. Document a spiritual Comprehensive Assessment within five (5) days of admission (including the day of admission) of patients/families and submit the next business day.  5. Provide spiritual counseling to patient/families in keeping with their belief system.  6. Communicate with the patient’s spiritual care person regarding the patient’s admission to the hospice program, orientation to the hospice program, and the hospice philosophy.  7. Invite the patient’s spiritual care person to attend the Interdisciplinary Group Meeting.  8. Participate in the IDG meetings to insure identification of spiritual needs of patients and families.  9. Serve as liaison between the hospice IDG members and the primary spiritual care person regarding information shared during each IDG meeting.  10. Coordinate pastoral care in the inpatient setting between family clergy and hospital chaplain.  11. Assist with the education of the community religious organizations relating to hospice services and philosophy in caring for the terminally ill.  12. Perform routine, respite, general inpatient patient care visits as requested and required.  13. Assist social work, emotional support personnel with the placement of patients, based on patient/family needs.  14. Perform or arrange for funeral, post death services as requested by patient/family.  15. Assist patient/family in coordination with emotional support team, with grief issues.  16. Perform patient registrations and obtaining required consents, as requested.  17. Must obtain knowledge related to LCD eligibility criteria requirements and document to reflect the patient’s eligibility requirements related to the specific LCD disease state.  18. Share information with appropriate staff personnel about the communities in which they work such as resources available to patient, significant others and organizations, which may contribute to the implementation of the Hospice Plan of Care.  19. Maintain collegial relationships with other disciplines, interpreting the role and responsibilities of the Spiritual Care Coordinator.  20. Provide/Participate in Continuous Care, EvenMore Care ™ and Watch visits care to insure that the spiritual needs of the patient / family are being met.  21. Participate / Rotate psychosocial oncall to meet the spiritual needs of the patient / family afterhours.  22. Demonstrate a professional approach with staff, physicians, significant others, patients and others.  23. Maintain / Meet the requirements for Clinical Pastoral Education (CPE) if applicable, and keep abreast of hospice trends, regulations, and policy changes.  24. Work closely with the IDG members and communicate effectively with the team.  25. Act independently and responsibly to perform duties on a consistent basis.  26. Responsible for maintaining complete confidentiality of patient’s records, and all other confidential information, which may be received during the course of patient care, including financial information and personnel records.  27. Evaluate the effectiveness of the established IDG Hospice Plan of care. Modify and update the Plan of Care as appropriate.  28. Work collaboratively with staff members to assess the overall effectiveness of the care provided.  29. Participate in the QAPI Program activities.  30. Comply with policies, procedures, and professional standards.  31. Any other duties assigned by the Clinical Director, Executive Director, Assistant Clinical Director(s), and/or Carrefour Associates.  32. Must be able to stand or sit for extended periods of time.  33. Must be available for Continuous Care, EvenMore Care™ and/or Watch Visit duties as deemed necessary.  34. Promote, provide, and assist with the GiftofADay and/or Veteran’s Recognition program / activities, as deemed necessary.  35. Must demonstrate ability to work as an interdisciplinary team member.  QUALIFICATIONS: 1. Must be ordained, commissioned or credentialed according to the practices of an organized religious group and has completed or will complete by August 1, 2003, one unit of Clinical Pastoral Education (CPE); or has a minimum of a bachelor’s degree with an emphasis in Theology, counseling, or related subjects is required.  2. Must have, within ninety(90) days of hire, completed specific training to include; common spiritual issues in death and dying; belief systems of comparative religions related to death and dying; spiritual assessment skills; individualizing care to patient beliefs; and varied spiritual//practices/rituals.  3. Two years active ministry experience preferred.  4. Requires welldeveloped counseling and interpersonal communication skills.  5. Must have the ability to address spiritual care issues and concerns to all religious faiths.  6. Must exhibit or demonstrate the ability to learn computer skills related to required clinical software and electronic clinical record utilization.  7. Must have reliable, personal vehicle / transportation, a valid driver’s license and the ability to safely and personally operate vehicle.






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed