To be considered, you must email a cover letter with your resume, availability, hourly rate, list of capabilities, known languages and your website or a few samples of your work. No calls or faxes please.   No Recruiters. Local candidates only.   We are looking for some freelance web developers. We have work for both mid and senior-level developers. We prefer to work with you in-house and would require at least 1-2 days per week in the office. This is a temporary freelance position but may eventually turn into a part-time or full-time position.   Mid-level developers will be expected to know traditional HTML, CSS, Word Press and some basic javascript (Animate, Jquery, etc.).  Senior-level developers may be responsible for PHP, advanced Word Press, Ecommerce (usually Magento), HTML5, CSS3, mobile Apps and possibly more. Not Required (but a plus): Flash Actionscript and mobile Apps.  A minimum of two years of professional web development experience is required. You will be responsible for the creation, execution, production, and maintenance of websites and emails. You will be expected to produce professional code. We typically build our sites in HTML, CSS, PHP and Word Press. We are not able to train, so only apply if you are capable of all these services and can work well independently.   You must have excellent work ethic, motivation, productivity, organizational skills, detail orientation, proficiency and be personable. Additionally, the qualified candidate works well under pressure, has excellent communication skills, is reliable, is responsive to constructive criticism, manages workload and meets deadlines effectively. You must possess a willingness to go the distance to get the job done.  Paul Kiesche Design, LLC. is a boutique commercial art studio specializing in the art of Graphic Design, Web Design and Illustration. We are located in Chester, New Jersey. Check us out on the web at paulkieschedesign.com. Our office hours are 9am – 6pm, Monday through Friday. 






2-4-years-experience-needed