Borden Dairy Company, based in Dallas, was founded in 2004 and produces dairy products made from raw milk it buys from dairies and processes into milk and other dairy products.  It serves about 40 percent of the US, primarily in the Southeast, bringing in about $2 billion a year in revenue. Borden has 3000+ employees and a fleet of 1500 trucks that distribute its milk, yogurt smoothies, yogurt, probiotics, creams, and cheese products to stores in Arizona, California, Texas, Colorado, Nevada, and Illinois.  Borden Dairy Company operates as a subsidiary of Grupo Lala, S.A. De C.V.  Join us at Borden Dairy Company and make decisions that affect families.    Responsible for sales of milk products to retail stores, driving truck over established route to deliver and sell products or render services by performing the following duties.  Role Responsibilities     Loads and unloads products onto route delivery truck.      Drives truck over established route to deliver and sell such items as milk, dairy products, flavored drinks, etc.  Writes customer order and instructions.      Calls on perspective customers to solicit new business.  Informs regular customers of new products or services.  Listens to and resolves service complaints.      Places stock on shelves or racks.  Sets up merchandise and sales promotion displays or issues sales promotion materials to customers.      Collects or picks up empty containers, rejected or unsold merchandise and loads into truck.  Completes daily inventory, orders and paperwork properly.      Obtains cash/check from customer:  accountable for final tally.  Cleans inside of truck.  Performs routine maintenance on truck.      Performs MVI’s (Motor Vehicle Inspections) on truck to conform with D.O.T. regulations and company policy.  Regular and predictable attendance is required.      Must be courteous toward customers, be able to work cooperatively with co-workers and supervisors, maintain neat appearance and follow established policies and directions of supervisor.      Must be able to work safely in a constant state of alertness.  Qualifications and Experience To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.  The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.     Verifiable experience in route sales is preferred, but not mandatory.     D.O.T Class B CDL with Air Brake endorsement- 1 year verifiable experience in license class     Ability to read, write; communicate and perform basic math.     Successfully pass D.O.T. required physical and drug screen.     Acceptable driving record in accordance with Company’s Insurance standards.     Employee must be able to regularly lift 50 pounds above six feet, pull/push 300 pounds with hand-held hook.      Must be able to take hand truck loads of 300 pounds of milk product up and down customer steps when required.  Position requires frequent lifting, reaching, climbing, pulling, stooping, fine hand manipulation and kneeling.     Employee must be able to work in hot and cold climates, both indoors and outdoors and refrigerated truck.  Borden Dairy Company is an equal opportunity employer.  For the fastest response please Click the Link to learn more and to Apply.  We cannot guarantee that submissions via email will receive a timely reply.   Apply at: www.example.com 






1-year-experience-needed