Medical Practice looking for an AR Specialist to join our team.   Major Responsibilities:   1. Assure timely and accurate invoicing (clean claims) 2. Assure timely collection of monies due to the practice  3. Identify  delinquent accounts 4. Conduct patient account research and analysis 5. Interact with patients and payers to resolve aging claims 6. Make daily collection calls 7. Send collection letters to patients and payers with outstanding balances 8. Coordinate and collect necessary information from staff, patients and payers for claim adjudication (i.e. previous payments, financial agreement, payment plans) 9. Prepare, maintain and monitor various reports (i.e. aging, AR) 10. Verify accuracy of billing data and revise errors (Requires Practice Administrator approval) 11. Participate in take-back, overpayment, and refund process 12. Interact with staff, patients, payers and other third party agencies to answer questions, take complaints and resolve issues 13. Operate Greenway (software system) for claims research, recoups, refunds, reprocessing and collections 14. Assist in the creation of AR best practices, protocols and manuals 15. Attend and take part in monthly AR meetings 16. Participate in educational activities and attends monthly staff meetings 17. Participate in training new staff members 18. Act as back-up coverage for Front Office staff 19. Maintain open, positive, cordial, team-oriented lines of communication with Physicians, Practice Administrator and other staff members 20. Other duties as assigned  Position Qualifications:   1. 10+ years AR experience in medical practice 2. 6+ years Greenway (medical billing software) experience 3. 6+ years experience in billing and coding (i.e. split billing, recoups, refunds, Medicare, Medicaid) 4. Knowledge of business office procedures  5. Ability to operate a multi-line telephone system 6. Proficient in Microsoft Excel and Word 7. Attention to detail and time management skills 8. Strong organizational and analytical skills 9. Excellent verbal and written communication 10. Ability to work independently and collaboratively with other staff






5-plus-years-experience-needed