*WESTFIELDS HOSPITAL*    Come join our team at Westfields Hospital, a 25-bed critical access hospital in New Richmond, Wisconsin, a HealthPartners Family of Care facility. As a full-service hospital we offer emergency services, specialty clinics, and maternity services, as well as medical and surgical inpatient and outpatient care. We're located just 30 minutes east of the Twin Cities in the beautiful St. Croix Valley Region.    *1.0 FTE  *Hours: Exempt - at least 40 hours a week  *Main responsibilities:  • Supervises the staff (RN, CNA, HUC, SW) on the medical surgical nursing areas, including the Special Care Unit (SCU).    • Responsible for the direction of patient care in the assigned areas for both adult and pediatric patients.   • Manages staff, including hiring, evaluating, coaching, disciplining, terminating.  • Oversees the overall functioning of the med surg nursing areas.  • Works collaboratively with the physician, charge nurse and other disciplines to promote quality, safe patient care.  • Assesses the physical plant of the nursing areas to ensure a safe environment.  • Ensures adequate resources are available for provision of quality patient care, including staff, equipment, facilities and supplies.  • Reviews patient medical records for appropriate documentation per standards.  • Supports the quality and regulatory goals of the department and hospital.  • Consults other departments to provide for an interdisciplinary approach to the patient’s care. (i.e. dietary, social services, physical medicine, respiratory therapy, quality/utilization management, facilities, financial, HIM.).  • Prepares department budget with finance and works to stay within parameters.  • Helps to ensure appropriate charges are applied to patient accounts.  • Provides emotional and clinical support to staff, patients and their families.   • Assigns and oversees orientation of new employees to the department.  • Ensures staff meet all licensure and educational requirements    Qualifications include:     Current Wisconsin RN, BLS, ACLS, TNCC, PALS and CPR certification.   Competent in basic computer skills.   Hospital nursing experience as an RN.   Nursing management experience and BS or BA in Nursing strongly preferred    Please apply online at www.example.com






full-time-job licence-needed supervising-job