American Power Systems, a world leader in OEM and military motive power manufacturing is seeking an individual capable of assuming the position of Director of Operations. Due to increasing demand of our products and services world-wide we must expand our management of program coverage of our generator and power supplies division.   \"GENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES\":  Responsible for working with key American Power Systems OEM and Military Program managers to manage the program, product development, supply chain and production of our high performance power systems. Director of Operations would work with our existing staff to expand our coverage of product specification and distribution to meet goals and revenues and to market services such as reboxing and engineering design to key OEMs and worldwide accounts. Director of Operations (DO) would measure such performance and manage operations of key accounts and OEMs throughout the world for American Power Systems.  DO is tasked with also developing new accounts on a worldside basis to maintain APS dominance in power generation for OEM and worldwide accounts. This position’s duties will include working with application engineering, new product development and marketing teams, specific targeting key OEM, armoring and upfitting companies to insure APS dominance is mainatined in the world marketplace.   \"SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES\":  •Sets quantifiable goals and targets for all direct reports and departments.  •Work directly with National Sales Manager for targeting and tracking accounts such as NAVISTAR and AMG.  •Work directly with Program Managers for government and military accounts worldwide such as USDoS, BAE Systems SOCOM and DoD.   •Ensures that the NSM and PM area of responsibilty achieves sales goals by working with existing world wide accounts.  •Facilitates the development of effective training programs for managers to meet objectives. •Facilitates the development of new products and new key business alliances in product development.  •Ensures each department achieves channel profiability, as goals set with each department at beginning of year. •Ensures OEM and uparmored vehicle manufacturers have the proper collateral material and tools to effectively reach their production goals. •Maintains product inquiries and provides appropriate quotations and information to manage the business, meet objectives and maximize efficiency.  •Tracks competitor offerings for each market served and ensures the information is accurate and up-to-date. •Performs other duties as assigned or required.   \"PREFERRED EXPERIENCE/SKILLS\":  •Bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering, sales/marketing, accounting or related field.  •Master’s degree in electrical engineering, sales/marketing, accounting or related field.  •Five years in operations management or direct employment by a key military OEM.  •Accounting course work and the ability to read financial statements required. •Valid security clearance, or ability to obtain security clearance. •Must possess excellent written and oral communication skills.  •Knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, Microsoft Web Expressions and other office programs.  •Ability to work in an ever-changing, fast-paced work environment  •Ability to travel throughout the world a minimum of 15% of the time  •Valid driver’s license with satisfactory driving record.  \"COMPENSATION\" Base Salary of $95,000 Bonus based on program profitability, sliding scale. Estimated program volume $5,000,000 Health Insurance Option Expense Report Reimbursement Company Cell  American Power Systems is an equal opportunity employer  When submitting your resume please submit in Word or PDF.  www.example.com 






5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job bs-degree-needed salary supervising-job