*About the Team:* As a global shared service partnership to all business units, the Information Technology organization provides the world’s largest supplier of fresh conventional and organic Berries with technical solutions and support.  With operations established in over 18 countries and 5 continents our dynamic infrastructure of technology and integrated systems are crucial in ensuring the year round timely delivery of perishable berries to market.  In the last 20 years we have experienced significant operational and market growth doubling in size every five years.  Our unique company culture fosters innovation, excellence and collaboration as we continue to expand in other parts of the world.    *About the Job:*  The Senior IT Project Manager assumes responsibility for leading and managing IT-related projects and programs across the organization. This role will be part of the Driscoll’s Program Management Office (PMO) that supports the global enterprise in the planning & execution of the project portfolio. The Sr. IT Project Manager is accountable and responsible for developing & executing project plans for multiple, simultaneous mid to large scale projects during all phases of the project lifecycle and partnering with IT teams, Driscoll’s business units and vendors/partners to provide excellent service and deliver quality projects on-time and within budget.  JOB QUALIFICATIONS:  • Require a minimum of 10 years progressive experience in a project/program management role, preferably in a PMO environment, with a proven track record of delivering complex, larger scale, global technology projects on time and within budget • Bachelor’s Degree in business, computer science or comparable field of study required • PMP Certification required • Experience implementing multi-regional ERP systems (MS Dynamics AX strongly preferred) with an emphasis on Finance, Order to Cash, Supply Chain and BI Business functions • Experience managing remote and geographically distributed project teams • Strong analytical and problem solving skills with the ability to deal with ambiguity and lead through change • Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (both written and verbal) • Demonstrated ability to lead cross-functional teams to achieve project objectives and work collaboratively and cohesively in a team environment • Ability to elicit cooperation from a wide variety of sources, including upper management, vendors, and other departments • Ability to influence through a global, multi-site matrix organization is essential • Extensive experience planning and managing projects within various SDLC methodologies i.e. Agile and Waterfall • Extensive experience managing project budgets and managing and controlling project-related costs including budget variances. Knowledge of Earned Value Management a plus • Experience in organizational change management and continuous process improvement • Vendor Relationship Management experience, including the creation and execution of Requests for Proposal (RFP) and Statement of Work (SOW) agreements • Extensive experience working with MS Project Professional and MS Enterprise Project Server (2010 preferred) • Must be able to maintain a valid California Driver’s License with the ability to be insured under company-sponsored liability insurance plan • A valid passport and the ability to travel internationally without restrictions is also required • Domestic and international travel 15-20% of work time   RESPONSIBLITITES:  1) Responsible for delivering projects and programs that adhere to defined PMO processes and industry standard best practices. 2) Develop and manage project management plans, schedules and budgets and provide consistent and comprehensive project updates, ongoing cost analysis, risk and issue management and resolution. 3) Effectively direct, manage and control all project activities and deliverables, through all phases of the project lifecycle ensuring a successful delivery that is on time and within budget on all assigned projects. 4) Escalate functional, quality and timeline issues appropriately to ensure successful achievement of project goals and objectives. 5) Develop and maintain productive working relationships with external vendors, business partners and internal IT teams. 6) Coach and mentor project team members and PMO Project Managers and partner across the organization to share lessons learned and best practices. 7) Manage, monitor and track project-related costs, including budget variances. 8) Keep project owners and sponsors well informed of progress, challenges, risks and issues. Analyze and present updates regarding project performance, risks, issues, mitigation plans and change requests. 9) Ensure timely and accurate communication with management and project team members throughout the life cycle of the project. 10) Prepare and/or present documentation to PMO and business stakeholders. 11) Ensure the security of Driscoll’s confidential and proprietary information and materials 12) Follow Company policies and practices while representing Driscoll’s in an ethical and business-like manner in all interactions. 13) Other duties as assigned. 14) This job description is intended to describe the general nature of the work performed by employees in this job. It is not an exhaustive list of all the job's responsibilities. At Driscoll’s, all of our jobs include broad responsibilities for continually improving the processes we use to develop our products.  *The Benefits*  Relocation Services  Compensation: $ Competitive compensation package with base salary + bonus.  Healthcare Competitive health, dental, vision and prescription drug coverage Driscoll’s pays a significant amount of the premium costs  Retirement: 401(k) plan with matching contributions  Insurance: Life insurance with the option to purchase child and spouse coverage & more.  Education: -Tuition reimbursement  Community: Matching charitable gifts program Dollars for Doers” program School support Product donations  At Driscoll’s, we’re committed to Growing Great People. This means that we help our employees learn about and support our overall business strategies. We also provide opportunities for individuals to grow their skills in a fast-growing and always changing work environment. Most importantly, Driscoll’s encourages our employees to achieve their career growth and cultivate their personal well-being: Leadership Institute Driscoll's University Spanish Tutoring & More  *Christie Bower, Recruiter at Driscolls* Driscolls Talent Acquisition www.example.com www.example.com  NO Phone calls or Outside Agencies please. 






salary bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed