University of Central Florida  Executive Speechwriter      The University of Central Florida seeks an experienced executive speechwriter to write and edit for the university president and the university provost.     The executive speechwriter will report to the chief of staff and assist him in determining communication strategies for the president and the provost that best reflect the mission, vision, goals, and strategic directions of the university, and will promote and protect the reputation of the University of Central Florida, the president, the provost, and the university’s key partners.    The executive speechwriter will:   •write the president’s and the provost’s speeches for events such as building dedications, professional conferences, university assemblies, and other public presentations to local, regional, and national professional, business, and governmental groups. This person will create and oversee audio-visual support for these presentations and may accompany the speakers to events to provide on-site support;    •produce messages from the president and provost to appear online, in local magazines and newspapers, as well as in national publications;  •edit letters, reports, and other texts from the president and provost, as well as edit minutes, news articles, and other communications from the offices of the president and the provost;   •work with university, educational, business, political, military, and other organizational representatives to develop annual speaking plans for the president and provost that strategically support the university’s most important goals;  •and provide other services as assigned.      Candidates must possess an earned master’s degree in an appropriate area of specialization and four years of appropriate experience; or a bachelor’s degree in an appropriate area of specialization and six years of appropriate experience. Also required are the ability to:   •create an effective and error-free speech that fits the occasion and its audience,   •create effective audio-visual support for that speech,   •produce clear, concise, and correct texts,   •produce error-free edits of texts,   •consistently meet deadlines,  •and work well independently as well as in a team environment.     All finalists for the position will be asked to write a speech and edit a text.     Salary is competitive and negotiable.    Applicants must apply and submit applications, resumes, and three professional references at www.example.com.  The search committee will begin considering applications immediately.    The University of Central Florida, located in Orlando, Florida, is the second largest university in the United States with an enrollment in excess of 56,000 students.  Established in 1963, the university is composed of 12 colleges, including the College of Medicine, that deliver undergraduate and graduate academic programs to an 11-county service area of 3.6 million people. Further information about the University of Central Florida is available at www.example.com.     UCF is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer.  All searches and documents are subject to the Sunshine and public records laws of the State of Florida.      






full-time-job salary 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed