General Insulation Company is a national wholesale distributor of commercial and industrial insulation products, HVAC supplies, 3M firestopping products, and associated construction supplies. We have built our business on providing the highest quality products with superior service. We are a family owned and professionally managed company that has been in business for over eighty years. With 40 branch locations across the United States and in Canada we have grown our company because of our dedicated people and a commitment to excellence.   General Insulation has continued to grow during these challenging times because of our commitment to our customers, vendors, employees, and because we have the ability to change as the market evolves. Our core values of intelligence, integrity, and intensity help us remain focused and provide an exciting and motivating workplace that offers our employees good benefits and an open door policy. We are looking for an individual to join our team that values these qualities and want to grow with us ‘THE DISTRIBUTOR OF CHOICE’.  Please visit our website www.example.com to learn more about our dynamic company.  *Position Summary:* Executes strategies for short and long-term branch and company goals/objectives set by General Insulation’s Hyattsville, MD location.  Provides technical support and customer service to branch operations and ensures that the highest quality of customer service is provided at all times.  The individual responds promptly to customer needs, solicits customer feedback to improve service, responds to requests for service and assistance and meets commitments.  Light warehouse responsibilities are also expected of this individual.     *Essential Job Functions:*  * Handles incoming customer calls or customer walk-ins by answering questions and following up with product recommendations and price quotes utilizing great customer service techniques.   * Receives and processes orders in E-Term. * Provides support to outside sales team by maintaining product literature/samples, communicating customer activity and providing leads. * Ensures pricing and packing slip matches when receiving or shipping material; makes deliveries when necessary.   * Determines appropriate billing situations: COD/Cash/CC/Invoice. * Responsible for daily credit card processing needs and EOM report for credit card sales. * Reconciles customer or vendor material returns. * Provides consistent communication with warehouse personnel to ensure customer needs are taken care of. * Must be comfortable with change, possess an entrepreneurial spirit and have the ability to think outside the box.  * Works in warehouse loading/unloading trucks, pulling orders, cleaning/organizing, and deals with UPS. * Ensures bid follow ups. * Helps customers resolve issues with orders. * Collects mail, faxes, and Federal Express and distributes. * Assists in administrative office duties as required.  *Minimum Qualifications:*  * High school diploma * 2 years of inside sales experience * Proficiency in the use of a personal computer and Microsoft Office Suite to generate memos, reports, and general office correspondence. * Must have good customer service skills and be flexible and adaptable. * Must possess good communication skills with peers, direct reports and at all levels of the company. * Must be at least 18 years of age * Must have a valid driver's license * Occasional travel required






2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job