Valbin's Mission Readiness Support Services (MRS) department is seeking proven DOMEX professionals for an exciting opportunity anticipated in Spring/Summer 2014. If you are interested in working with our company in the following DOMEX-related position categories please send us an e-mail with a resume, cover letter specifying the position category you are applying for, and up to three references of your relevant past performance. Please ensure your email subject line contains “DOMEX Opportunity” and your resume highlights current/prior experience with DOMEX, the Government, or Intelligence/Law Enforcement /DoD DOMEX activities.   Position Summary: This is a contingency hire position with anticipated availability in Spring/Summer 2014 and supports DOMEX staff logistical and deployment activities in the Northern VA or Southern MD area.   Functions: • Directs or coordinates logistics activities and functions supporting Agency expeditionary operations and missions.  • Supports operational planning, deployment readiness and communication of status for Agency or COCOM support activities. Identifies emerging or anticipated issues impacting customer support and mission success.  • Manages transshipment and accountability of deployed/deployable equipment and supplies • Prepares materiel for transshipment, coordinates with military units and defense elements on logistics and life support matters • Coordinates with defense and national travel offices to identify pre-travel requirements; prepares and submits travel requests in accordance with policy, regulations and DoD Travel system to deploy personnel for official travel  Requirements: • AA/AS in Business, Administration or Logistics; BA/BS or military staff school (CAS3/Basic/Advanced Course) preferred. • 5-10 years experience with DoD, Military Service logistics and deployment readiness required. DIA, NGA or NSA logistics and deployment experience preferred. • 3-5 years experience with Joint Travel Regulation (JTR) requirements. • Active DoD Top Secret SCI Security Clearance with Polygraph; Active DIA TS/SCI preferred. • Excellent written and oral communication skills; professionally solid interpersonal, management and organizational skills. • Strong research, analytical, and editing skills; detail oriented staff officer and planning skills.  • Ability to multi-task and work under pressure in a fast paced, deadline driven environment. • Foreign Language skills are a plus.  • Expert proficiency with MS Office Word, PowerPoint, Outlook and Excel required; experience with MS Access preferred. • Experience with SIPRNet, JWICS and DoD NIPRNet and associated IT applications • Experience with and knowledge of the DIA, NMEC, NGIC and TACDOMEX activities. Previous or current CONUS/OCONUS assignments at the NMEC, CMPC-Q, JDEC-I/JDEC-A or deployed TACDOMEX.






associate-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job