Valbin's Mission Readiness Support Services (MRS) department is seeking proven DOMEX professionals for an exciting opportunity anticipated in Spring/Summer 2014. If you are interested in working with our company in the following DOMEX-related position categories please send us an e-mail with a resume, cover letter specifying the position category you are applying for, and up to three references of your relevant past performance. Please ensure your email subject line contains “DOMEX Opportunity” and your resume highlights current/prior experience with DOMEX, the Government, or Intelligence/Law Enforcement /DoD DOMEX activities.  DOMEX Collection Management Requirements Staff Officer Position Summary: This is a contingency hire position with anticipated availability in Spring/Summer 2014 and supports a wide range of DOMEX activities in the Northern VA. Potential for Temporary Duty (TDY) within the National Capital Region (NCR), to the National Ground Intelligence Center (NGIC) and DoD COCOM HQs or subordinate units.  Functions: • Receives, registers, reviews, and validates operational requirements and requests for DoD organizational operational services.  • Researches and prepares input to DoD collection postures and strategies.  • Assists DoD partner organizations to manage operational requirements and determine operational priorities. Prepares and submits draft official message traffic to Government staff for approval and/or release.  • Researches and prepares DOMEX collection requirements summaries and assessments to highlight collection capabilities, trends, resources and support to DoD/IC/LEC partner organization mission support activities. • Prepares information papers, briefings and topical summaries as directed for senior leadership use and situational awareness. • Provides recommendations for the prioritization, validation and management of customer operational DOMEX requirements.  • Performs liaison with DOMEX partner organization and Military Command analysts, liaison and operations officers on DOMEX collection matters • Attends IC/LEC and DoD collection forums to represent or advocate DIA/NMEC DOMEX equities and interests. Strengthens relationships with mission partners and improves collection support integration and efficiencies.     Requirements: • Bachelor’s Degree; military staff school (CAS3; military intelligence Basic/Advanced Course or BNCOC/ANCOC) preferred. • Active DoD Top Secret SCI Security Clearance with Polygraph; active DIA TS/SCI preferred. • 5-10 years experience with DoD or Intelligence/Law Enforcement Community Collection Requirements or Operations Management (CRM/COM) required; previous experience as a HUMINT or SIGINT collection manager preferred.  • Superior written and oral communication skills; professionally strong interpersonal, management and organizational skills. • Strong research, analytical, and editing skills with basic understanding of diverse range of topics including military operations, Order of Battle, counterterrorism, insurgency or regional politics.  • Experience and knowledge of the DIA, IC/LEC and NMEC DOMEX activities. Previous or current assignments at the NMEC, Army G-2/NGIC, or COCOM Headquarters.   • Expert proficiency with MS Office Word, PowerPoint, Outlook and Excel required; experience with MS Access preferred. • Experience with SIPRNet, JWICS and DoD NIPRNet and associated IT applications such as WISE, HOT-R, CIDNE, Analyst Notebook, M3, QUERYTREE and HARMONY/DHDS. • Ability to multi-task and work under pressure in a fast paced, deadline driven environment. • Knowledge of the DIA Strategic Plan, Vision 2020, NIPF, Joint Publication 2.0 series preferred. • Formal training and certification as a DoD, DIA or NCTC watch officer preferred.






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed