TRIPPS RESTAURANTS - *MUST HAVE CURRENT OR RECENT FULL SERVICE RESTAURANT MANAGEMENT EXPERIENCE*    A career in restaurant management with Tripps can be very fulfilling and rewarding. We are a full service, multi-concept restaurant company looking for great Restaurant Managers that are passionate about the restaurant business.  Our Restaurant Managers are trained in both the back (Culinary Operations) and front of the house (Hospitality Operations).  Once the training has been completed, the new Restaurant Manager will take the responsibility for a department as the Assistant Kitchen Manager, Bar/Host Manager or Service Manager.  Eventually, as you grow as a leader, promotions to Kitchen Manager and Managing Partners are available. Promotions are based on your performance and your leadership. This is a career position with the opportunity to advance within a very successful and financially stable company.  *   Minimum of 3 years salaried, Full Service restaurant management experience running a from-scratch kitchen *   We are seeking career minded individuals who have a stable work history. *   We conduct a pre-employment background check and credit check. *   Valid driver's license and reliable transportation are required. *   Able to work 55 hours a week. *   We are growing in North Carolina and Virginia, so relocatability is a plus and relocation benefits are available.  We offer: Our comprehensive benefits package includes:   *    Competitive Pay *    Structured Training Program *    Major Medical/Dental Insurance *    Short and Long-term Disability/Life Insurance *    Pre-tax Flexible Spending Accounts *    Paid Vacation *    Green Card Dining Privileges *    Bonus Program  Our goal is to create the premier casual dining restaurant company in the southeast by consistently exceeding the expectations of our employees and guests.  To accomplish this we must start with the right people and teach them to execute to our uncompromising standards.  Only by creating a stable environment where we focus on training and developing each member of our team can we accomplish our goal.  Since 1981 Tripps has built its reputation on unwavering principles and a commitment to absolute guest satisfaction. Our commitment starts with food quality. Our kitchens are 95% scratch. We serve 100% Certified Angus Beef™, slow roasted Prime Rib, Danish Baby Back Ribs, signature pastas, fresh seafood selections, garden fresh salads and entrée salads, crab cakes, calamari like no other and much more! Enjoy a glass or bottle of wine while you are served a fantastic meal.






salary supervising-job full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed