Open Positions for Career-Minded People. Ready to raise the bar on customer satisfaction? An In-Home Furniture Repair Technician works closely with the customer care team to repair and satisfy any furniture damages or manufacturer defects our customers experienced. The ideal candidate must have exceptional customer service skills, in addition to having the craft necessary to successfully repair wood, upholstery, and leather products. Responsible for setting the standard for the quality of the merchandise our customers will receive. Must have proven repair skills to meet our goal of total customer satisfaction! Expectations: •Home Furniture Repair Technicians travel to customers' homes to assess and complete furniture repairs.  •Demonstrate professionalism, confidence, and positive energy while working in our customers' homes. •Able to communicate well with customers in order to service and repair warranted items. •Ability to work independently or within a team environment. •Accountable for commitment to US Quality Furniture Services safety procedures and guidelines. •Maintain, and supply their own service repair vehicle. •Inspect, repair and evaluate customer service repairs. •Provide and execute Warranty protection plans. •Adhere to state traffic and transportation laws. •Organize and manage time independently. •Perform additional functions that may be assigned at the discretion of management. Qualifications: •Two years experience working with wood furniture, leather, fabric & upholstery •Color matching & blending. •Wood repairs including burn-ins & wood graining. •Leather repairs including scuffs, holes and tears. •Upholstery repairs including structural/mechanism replacements. •Excellent time management skills and attention to detail. •Ability to work a flexible schedule based on our customer delivery schedule. •High School Diploma or equivalent. •A clean motor vehicle record.  Physical Requirements: •Making repairs to furniture requires lifting, bending, kneeling, stooping and moving furniture items to accommodate the repairs necessary to satisfy the customer. •Ability to lift 50lbs. At US Quality Furniture Services, we recognize and appreciate all of our team members' hard work and dedication. We pride ourselves on being a long term, privately held company that takes care of its associates by recognizing each individual's potential and investing in their future success!  US Quality Furniture Services provides a full range of comprehensive benefit programs to help you achieve your wellness and financial goals which include: •Health Insurance and Prescription Drug Coverage •Dental and Vision Coverage •Company paid Life Insurance •Short-term Disability Insurance •Voluntary Life and Long-term Disability Insurance  Other Great Benefits: •Bi-Weekly Pay through Direct Deposit •Paid Vacation and Holidays •Training and Development US Quality Furniture Services proudly supports a drug free and smoke free work environment. US Quality Furniture Services is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer that does not discriminate against any associate or applicant on the basis of race, creed, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), age, national origin, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, marital or familial status, genetic information or other basis protected by law.






2-4-years-experience-needed