The Client Services Coordinator is the first point of contact for client support and is the liaison between the Engineering Team and the Client. This role is accountable for working quickly and efficiently to provide industry-leading response time and customer service while attaining maximum utilization of the Service Desk technical resources. The Client Services Coordinator must have a basic IT knowledge so when speaking with our customers they have the knowledge to \"ask the right questions\" to assess their true IT needs for effective scheduling.     *Duties and Essential Job Functions:*  •Responsible for answering phone calls and emails as efficiently as possible.  •Ability to work with various team members, including more senior level resources to negotiate and coordinate schedules with the technical resources and clients.  •This position will demand respect from the team and clients, and will require a confident personality.  •Listen to client concerns and issues with sympathy and the desire to help.  •Skills in organization and communications are an absolute must to be successful.  •Create tickets in ConnecWise for reported incidents and service requests, and manage the service schedule and escalate tickets in an efficient manner.  •Alert management when necessary for high visibility and critical issues.  •Need the ability to contact 3rd party vendors to coordinate onsite visits and/or phone calls to assist in resolving vendor-responsible issues.  •Daily and constant phone work to ensure that engineers are in route and on time for scheduled appointments, and proactive calls to clients to provide updates and ETAs on their arrival.  •Follow up calls to clients to ensure satisfaction.  •Update service tickets should new information be captured while assisting with the scheduling of the incident/request.  •Ability to develop and document the role/processes and mature the position.  •Work with Sales team to quote and procure computer hardware and software for clients.  •Self-managing is another absolute must attribute. You will not be micro-managed. You need to be self-motivated and understand the business and instinctively know what needs to be done to keep busy, productive, and keep customers happy.  •Occasional ability to work beyond normal hours during critical impact events. Shift will be primarily between the hours of 8:00am to 5:00pm Monday to Friday.  This is a Client Services/Dispatcher position, NOT A Help Desk position; however, a successful candidate requires basic knowledge of IT products and services.  An understanding of our support tools, techniques, and how technology is used to provide IT services is essential.  Training on our internal systems and processes will be provided.  Experienced in the use of Microsoft Office products (Word, Excel, and Outlook) is required. An understanding of Help Desk ticketing software and work flows, ITIL Foundation, HDI, CompTIA A+ and/or Network+, MCP (or higher) certifications is not required, but would be a plus.   *Education/Work Experience Requirements:*  •High School diploma or GED required; Bachelor’s degree preferred.  •Proficient in Microsoft Excel and Word, and email communication.  •Minimum 2 years of customer service experience.  •Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written. •Excellent organizational skills. •Attention to detail and accuracy.  •Knowledge of IT industry and products preferred.  •Computer or technology experience preferred.  *Client Services Coordinator:*  *Compensation:*  $30,000.00 - $55,000.00 DOE  ProviDyn, Inc. offers a competitive compensation package, including PTO, Health/Dental/Vision, Life, bonuses, and much more.  Come be a part of a leading MSP in Atlanta which values collaboration, industry leadership, integrity, lifelong learning all in a team environment!  ProviDyn is an EOE M/F/H/V  *About ProviDyn:*  ProviDyn provides technology expertise, services and support to help small and mid-sized organizations sustain growth and strengthen performance. Backed by technology experts, ProviDyn helps organizations gain the full benefits of existing technology, make strategic investments in implementing new technology and maintain an infrastructure that is secure, reliable and flexible. ProviDyn offers managed services, mobile computing, IT strategy, virtualization, cloud computing, business continuity, network security and IP telephony. To learn more about how ProviDyn is Driving Business Through Technology and helping companies reduce costs, improve efficiency and maximize productivity, visit www.example.com.






salary 2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job