XIFIN, Inc ™ provides a highly automated, web-based RCM system to support laboroatories nationwide. The XIFIN system is an award winning financial management solution that enables diagnostic service providers to improve financial performance through a compelling return on investment and rapid time-to-value.   The Opportunity:  We are seeking a Software Implementation Coordinator with a solid understanding of billing and collections processes including experience in the setup and installation of Accounts Receivable systems. You will assist laboratories as they implement our award winning XIFIN RCM system. As part of the process you will also work closely with allied departments within the company, ensuring a smooth and successful transition for our clients.   The successful candidate must have at least 3 years of progressive experience in complex project management, coordination and problem solving. The job will require professional interaction with customers and strong relationship building skills. You will be organized, detail oriented, flexible and have the ability to adapt to a rapidly changing environment.   Desired Skills & Experience   - A strong background and experience in billing and/or healthcare related software and systems.   - Significant software systems installations experience with a demonstrated track record of success   - 3+ years experience in a fast paced/high growth environment and culture   - Excellent communication skills with people at all organizational levels   - The ability to have fun and work hard at the same time   - BA/BS in MIS, Business, or related discipline; or equivalent experience   We offer an excellent work environment with opportunities for personal and professional growth. For immediate consideration please submit your cover letter and resume - be sure to include your mid and long range career goals!    Company Description   XIFIN is a Equal Opportunity Employer and maintains a drug free workplace, including pre-employment drug testing.






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed