Position :  Mainstreet Commerce is hiring an IT Systems Administrator, reporting to the CTO, to build and maintain infrastructure for our cloud-based e-business software. The Systems Administrator will have hands-on responsibilities in providing mission critical services in a high volume transactional environment.     Description of Mainstreet Commerce :  Headquartered in Deerfield Beach, Florida, Mainstreet is a progressive software company with cloud based e-business software that drives many of the most successful global brands. Our engineers use the latest .NET framework and Web 2.0 technologies (SOA, AJAX, Web Services) to drive innovation in our software product. Mainstreet offers employees the opportunity to work with leading technology and be a part of a great engineering team.    Responsibilities :   • Manage a high volume, real-time, transactional, cloud-based infrastructure for SaaS (on-demand) application.  • Maintain enterprise caliber, mission critical infrastructure and services.  • Implement PCI best practices and maintain a PCI compliant environment.  • Diagnose, troubleshoot and resolve all infrastructure related incidents.  • Maintain the performance, integrity, and security of servers and systems.  • Create, maintain, and update technical documentation, policies, procedures, user guides, and other documents as required.  • Promote standardization and process improvement.    Qualifications :   • BS or BA in Computer Science or related technical field.  • 7-10 years hands-on experience in Microsoft based multi-server environment.  • 7-10 years experience with Microsoft SQL Server, Active Directory, DNS, TCP/IP.  • 7-10 years experience with networking infrastructure, VPN, IPSec, routing, firewall.  • Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer.  • ITIL (v.3 Foundation) Certification preferred.  • CISSP, (ISC)² or GIAC certification preferred.    Application :   To apply for a position, please send your resume along with a cover letter.






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed