Seeking:  CLINICAL NURSE (BEHAVIORAL HEALTH)  SUMMARY: As a member of the Behavioral Health team, provides mental health clinical case management, care coordination and disease management. This includes, but is not limited to the conditions of depression, anxiety disorders, tobacco cessation, weight management, TBI and PTSD. Monitors and facilitates adherence to treatments, provides education, coordinates care, and maintains data registries, performs full scope of clinical nursing in the execution of outpatient mental health care.  QUALIFICATIONS: •Ability to effectively apply core case management functions: a) assessment and identification of patients for case management and need for an established plan of care; b) collaboration with the patient, family/caregiver, and members of the health care team for developing an effective plan of care; c) facilitation of care coordination and communication among all involved parties; d) advocate for the patient and family/caregivers lo ensure identified education and appropriate, timely care is received. •Ability to effectively apply core disease management principles to mental health conditions: a) assessment and identification of target populations; b) implementation and execution of Clinical Practice Guidelines or standards; c) collaboration and coordination of activities with other healthcare members; d) promotion and education of patient self management actions; e) collection, analysis and reporting on identified process and outcome metrics. •Knowledge of medical privacy and confidentiality (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act [HIPAA]), and accreditation standards of Accreditation Association for Ambulatory Health Care {AAAHC) and The Joint Commission {TJC). •Working knowledge of computer applications/software to include Microsoft Office programs, MS Outlook (e-mail) and Excel. •Must be skillful and tactful in communicating with people who may be physically or mentally ill, uncooperative, fearful, emotionally distraught, and occasionally dangerous. •Must demonstrate ability to apply critical thinking skills and expertise in resolving complicated healthcare, social, interpersonal and financial patient situations. •Must possess organization, problem-solving and communication skills to articulate medical requirements to patients, families/care givers, medical and non-medical staff in a professional and courteous way.  EDUCATION:  Shall be a graduate from an associate (ADN) or baccalaureate (BSN) degree program in nursing accredited by a national nursing accrediting agency recognized by the US Department of Education.  LICENSE/CERTIFICATION:   •Maintains an active, valid, current, and unrestricted license (with no limitations, stipulations or pending adverse actions) to practice nursing as a registered nurse in any US state/jurisdiction. •Certified/certification eligible by the American Nurses Credentialing Center (ANCC) as a Psychiatric and Mental Health Nurse with 2 years full time experience in mental health.  EXPERIENCE:   •Shall have a minimum of 3 years experience for ADN or 2 years experience for BSN in mental health nursing. •must have practiced in a mental health setting within the last 12 months.






2-4-years-experience-needed associate-needed