SUMMARY: Assists in the routine patient care and treatment of beneficiaries, to include flying and special operational duty personnel, when required. Organizes the medical environment, performs and directs support activities for outpatient care situations, including contingency operations and disasters.  QUALIFICATIONS: •Must have knowledge in medical terminology, anatomy and physiology; nursing theory, techniques and procedures; team nursing; patient needs; emergency medical treatment to include cardiopulmonary resuscitation, aseptic technique, medical ethics, and legal aspects; prescription drugs and their administration; operating and maintaining therapeutic equipment, risk management, contingency operations, disaster preparedness, and chemical warfare; and transportation of sick and wounded. Vaccination procedures; methods of properly administering intradermal, subcutaneous, and intramuscular injections; allergen identification; composition of various vaccines; mechanisms of anaphylaxis and shock and their treatment; and pharmacology of various drug groups. •Completion of high school with courses in general science, biology, psychology, and chemistry. •Completion of a medical assisting program recognized and accredited by the Commission on Accreditation of Allied Health Education Programs (CAAHEP) or the Accrediting Bureau of Health Education Schools (ABHES); or certified through the American Association of Medical Assistants (AAMA) for Certified Medical Assistants (CMA); or the American Medical Technologists (AMT) for Registered Medical Assistants (RMA); or equivalent combinations of successfully completed post-high school education and experience (i.e., military training). •Have at least 12 months of experience within the last 36 months, in an outpatient clinic setting.  TYPE OF WORK. The duties include but are not limited to the following: •Serves as a medical assistant performing patient care and nursing administrative duties for outpatients in accordance with established policies, procedures, protocols, and guidelines. •Monitors and records physiological measurements. Orients new patients to the clinic environment. •Prepares and positions patients for examinations and treatments •Establishes and maintains good interpersonal relationships with co-workers, families, peers, and other team members. •Performs portions of medical treatment, diagnostic, and therapeutic procedures in accordance with established policies, procedures, and protocols. Records treatment and procedure rendered, and observes effects. Identifies patient problems and accurately notifies nursing team. •Adheres to infection control procedures including use of personal protective equipment, disposal of waste, and aseptic technique. •Performs central sterile supply duties. •Ensures all equipment is properly cleaned and stored at the end of each work shift. Ensures preventive maintenance and routine cleaning are performed as directed. •Performs basic life support and triage in emergency situations •Performs paraprofessional portions of preventative health assessments and physical examinations when required. •Maintains outpatient medical records. Prepares and submits administrative reports. •Participates in in-service training and continuing education programs for new procedures, techniques, and equipment. •Ensures a safe work environment and employee safe work habits.






licence-needed