.Net DEVELOPER (Memphis, TN)  About Us The Seam, founded in 2000, by leading global agribusiness companies, began operating the world's first completely online, neutral cotton trading exchange. Since that time, other commodities and products have been added to the company's trading platforms. The Seam's mission is to allow our clients to discover and trade at true market prices using technology across the entire agribusiness and food industries.   Overview The .Net Developer is required to be familiar with all phases of the software development life cycle, especially web application/Agile.  Our team develops, tests and maintains software to meet generally defined business requirements in a web-based environment.  The .Net Developer must work well with internal and external users to determine the design and implementation of new systems and enhancements to existing systems.  We are recruiting a developer who actively seeks to identify and learn new technology trends and solutions. As a member of our development team, you will be responsible for completing technical deliverables, meeting deadlines, and adjusting to changing priorities.   Job Requirements • 5+ years of IT Experience, including ASP.net, VB.net, C#, MS SQL Server, jQuery, and AJAX • Prefer additional experience with XML, XSLT, CSS, and JSON • Bachelor Degree in Computer Science or related degree  Summary of Job Responsibilities • Create, maintain and enhance code within existing web applications  • Assist with the design, analysis, development and implementation of new applications • Work with end users to troubleshoot and solve technical issues and problems • Perform and support testing of various applications • Communicate problems and progress to management and other stakeholders • Other essential duties as required or assigned  Other Qualifications • Strong analytical and problem solving skills with a business acumen • Strong logic and reasoning skills to be able to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems • Ability to determine the causes of operating errors and take corrective action • Strong knowledge of math and algorithm analysis  Qualified and interested parties, please send resume for consideration.   This is a direct hire for a permanent position.  Candidates must be US citizens or authorized to work in the US.  No H1B candidates or contractors will be considered.






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed