Medicus Healthcare Solutions is a leader in innovative healthcare staffing and related services, including locum tenens and team-based staffing, transition management services, and service line consulting. Our corporate headquarters is in Windham, NH, just 45 minutes north of Boston. We have a culture of openness and teamwork and a tradition of high performance and growth. We greatly value our employees as colleagues and business partners.  We have experienced impressive growth and are seeking a high-energy, hardworking professional to manage our Corporate Recruiting team. The Manager of Corporate Recruiting is responsible for driving all aspects of the recruiting process, which includes partnering with Hiring Managers and Senior Leadership in workforce planning. This position will report to the COO and will be responsible for managing the Corporate Recruiter and Sourcer in addition to recruiting individuals across various departments within our East Coast and West Coast locations.  Responsibilities:   • Prioritization of all Corporate Recruiting functions and programs • Manages the Corporate Recruiting process partnering with the HR department • Liaison to the HR Manager for internal and external candidate applicants • Partner with Hiring Managers to create and review job requisitions, defining and validating key position requirements (i.e. education, experience, technical competencies, travel.) in order to create an effective workforce plan • Work with marketing to develop appropriate corporate and role-specific PR • Develop and maintain a pipeline of qualified candidates for future consideration • Develop and provide weekly and monthly recruiting reports  • Monitor/audit job requisition and candidate files and track applicant flow • Actively participate and contribute to process improvement strategies, projects and initiatives within Human Resources and Corporate Development • Development of recruiting channels and partnerships with appropriate 3rd parties (universities, job fairs, etc.) • Selection, management and/or development of recruiting tools and methodology    Requirements:   • Bachelor’s Degree required with 7-10 years of proven management and recruitment experience • Social Networking knowledge and proven track record of using different mediums to build candidate database and pipeline • Demonstrated success in recruiting for a Sales organization highly desired • Well organized, detail oriented and the capacity to multi-task in a fast paced work environment • Proven ability to self-motivate and work independently and as part of a team   Medicus is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity in its workforce and diversity of thought.






bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed