Luxury living Co in Downtown Miami is hiring a full-time assistant/office manager.  Summary Assists listing agents to ensure their efficiency by performing clerical tasks, managing files, answering client questions and generally serving as a liaison for all public inquiries. Handles areas dealing with the business including payroll, office management, etc.  Essential duties and responsibilities • Schedules listing appointments. • Prepares listing packages for listing agents. Distributes to agents on the appropriate day. • Qualifies listing appointments when requested by listing agent. • Researches information needed for listing appointments including pulling comps and looking up tax information. • Inputs new listings into the MLS computer system • Contacts all active listings weekly with market updates and feedback received from agents (if any). Instructs seller on how to improve property for showing. • Maintains a good relationship with all sellers and agents with whom she or he is in contact. • Returns all calls from agents, sellers, and others within 24 hours. • Updates all listing files in computerized lead follow up system. • Prepares for weekly meetings by pulling together the number of listings that went under contract. • Coordinates closing with agents, closing companies, clients and lenders (mortgage companies. • Reviews closing documents. • Assists in Negotiating of Real Estate Contracts. • Negotiates with agents and clients to resolve issues that arise during the under contract portion of the real estate transaction. • Maintains closing files in accordance with state laws and with regulations governing the real estate industry. • Able to do basic real estate math so as to compute discounts, commissions, proportions, percentages, etc. • Composes and types correspondence. • Reads and routes incoming e-mail. • Retrieves and routes incoming leads to appropriate sales team. • Does bookkeeping and accounting services. Handles commissions and commission returns. Pays vendors. Compiles and reviews financial statements. • Does payroll services. • Maintains office (e.g. orders supplies, maintains computer systems and other machines, handles decor). • Handles new projects as assigned.  Due to high volume of candidates, only those who meet all requirements will be contacted.  Requirements MUST be computer/web savvy and knowledge of relevant software (i.e.: Quickbooks, MLS) Proficiency in MS Office Effective communication skills - written and verbal Superior organization skills with the ability to prioritize time-sensitive tasks Real Estate Licensee required (active/inactive) At least 2 years of relevant experience BA/BS preferred Bi-lingual a plus  The position is paid on the 1st & 15th of the month. The pay rate is negotiable upon experience. Other benefits include monthly bonus, health insurance, 401K, and paid vacation.  If you are interested in the position, please reply with your resume and cover letter with salary requirements for immediate response.






full-time-job bs-degree-needed supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed