About AKA Enterprise Solutions As a leading Microsoft Gold Partner based in New York City, we are looking for enthusiastic, bright, talented people who have solid experience in implementing ERP software. We foster a culture of quality to our customers and respect towards our employees. AKA Enterprise Solutions is a highly motivated organization and we are excited about the future of our company. Our dynamic culture, high morale and ability to deliver make this a great place to work.  AKA Enterprise Solutions was among the top three finalists for the 2012 Microsoft Dynamics ERP Partner of the Year Award. We have been honored by Microsoft for our outstanding level of sales achievement and innovation, earning Microsoft’s Presidents Club and Inner Circle status six out of the last ten years. In 2010 our Consultants were honored with the Microsoft MVP Award and AKA Enterprise Solutions was named Microsoft Partner Award Finalist for Microsoft Dynamics GP Partner of the Year.  We’re looking to grow our AX team with individuals who share our passion and drive to achieve the same honors and awards.  Microsoft Dynamics AX at AKA Enterprise Solutions Microsoft Dynamics AX is a major component of our company’s growth, and we are expanding our team to include some of the most talented consultants in the industry. The demand for AKA resources is growing rapidly both in our partner channel and our customer base. As a member of our consulting team you will help us to grow our Dynamics AX practice into one of the premier implementation teams in the Dynamics channel. Our company’s future success depends on accomplishing that goal.    Job Description Statement As a member of our consulting team you will be responsible for reviewing client business processes, re-engineering the client’s processes to improve efficiency, and performing many of the functional tasks required for a successful AX implementation. You must have a good knowledge of the AX financial modules and hold certifications in the most current versions, or plan on obtaining certifications within 60 days of hire. We operate nationally with consultants based in New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Washington DC, Atlanta, Chicago, Phoenix, Montreal and Toronto.    Some of the industries of focus for our Dynamics AX practice include but are not limited to Public Sector, Financial Services, Life Sciences, Media and Entertainment.     Responsibilities • Working with customers to implement Microsoft Dynamics AX  • Responsible for providing business and application consultancy to clients throughout the implementation process • Carrying out prototyping plans, procedure documentation and communicating with the project manager • Defining AX enhancement requirements for reports and business processes/forms etc., that a developer can use for AX enhancements  • Providing general guidance, and preparation reference material for end users  • Preparing pre-design documentation and offering holistic solutions with requirements and recommendations  • Testing enhancements for customer acceptance and accuracy  • Identifying opportunities to improve the utilization of the solution tightening the interfaces and enhancing the acceptance of Dynamics AX  • Responsibility to coach the end users on efficient use of the solution and provide 'tips and tricks'  • Communicating issues and project tasks with appropriate personnel  • Using provided methodologies to deliver successful projects • Conducting Microsoft Education classes for on the Financial modules (GL, AP, AR, FA) to our clients • Actively work with all involved to mitigate risks by maintaining a project plan  Educational and Experience Requirements • Bachelor of Arts or Bachelor of Science Degree • 3+ years of experience as Microsoft Dynamics AX Functional Consultant • Should have participated in all stages of lifecycle in multiple AX implementation projects  • Expert in writing Functional specification, Gap document and training material  • Strong Functional, Analytical, Presentation, Documentation, Training and Inter-personal skills  Required Skills • Minimum of 3 years Microsoft Dynamics AX (preferably AX2012) implementation experience including the following modules: • General ledger • Accounts receivable •  Accounts payable • Bank and cash management • Management Reporter • Manufacturing costing • Must have strong Finance background • Must have solid reputation and references with previous clients, and partners • Must be able to manage time, prioritize and communicate commitments • Must have strong client and internal communication skills with experience working in highly collaborative teams • Must be able to produce specific examples of his or her work product (e.g. technical requirements, design, output, test plans, etc.) • Preferred functional expertise • Preferred Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 certifications in Finance  Performance Skills • Exudes confidence • Possesses effective communication skills • Ability to learn quickly • Thinks clearly and calmly under pressure • Investigates problems to establish real or hidden causes • Solves complex problems with creative solutions • Places emphasis on client satisfaction • Learns new concepts quickly and thoroughly • Promotes the mission and Shared Values of our company  The Perks The position offers a base salary and a competitive, uncapped commission structure. Our employees also enjoy health benefits and 401(k) savings plan, along with enthusiastic and energetic teammates in a dynamic and thriving environment.  We offer competitive pay with a flexible and affordable benefits program designed to help you be and stay well, including: medical, dental & vision coverage, vacation & sick leave, flexible spending accounts, health reimbursement account, a 401(k) plan, and an annual Presidents’ Club Trip for our top performers.  AKA Enterprise Solutions is an Equal Opportunity Employer.






salary bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job