Sales Position - Territory management will cover Ohio, Michigan, and Indiana  Colibri Systems North America Inc has a unique book covering system that form fits a polyethylene cover to protect any type of book. We are looking for a Territory Sales Representative to visit schools, libraries and universities; these appointments are typically set by an appointment setter, but at times each Rep may have to arrange their own schedule.  The person selected will be hard working, confident, self motivated, reliable, and independent. This candidate must also have reliable transportation; each Representative must use their own vehicle, for this CoLibri Systems does give monthly car allowances. Prior sales experience preferred. The Territory Sales Representative is responsible for all direct sales and customer management within their assigned territory. Focus is on field activity, customer visits for demonstration, follow up, and training. Occasionally there will be trade shows or conferences specific to each territory that will need attended. Client and prospect meetings are the main objective for this position. There will be overnight travel required, this can vary so flexibility and willingness to be away from home occasionally is a must.   Requirements: Must have a clean driving record and valid driving license, be able to sit for long periods of time, stand for long periods of time, pivot, stretch, lean, lift up to 42 lbs, able to provide child clearances, pass a background and drug test.  Compensation Package:  Salaried - exempt Travel expenses  Auto allowance Commission Monday through Friday but occasional evenings or weekend days may occur. Paid time off Paid holidays Skills/Qualifications: Customer Service, Meeting Sales Goals, Closing Skills, Territory Management, Prospecting Skills, Negotiation, Self-Confidence, Product Knowledge, Presentation Skills, Client Relationships, Motivation for Sales, Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, and Microsoft Outlook preferred.  Please submit resume and a cover letter with salary requirements, include experience in sales. You can also visit our website at www.example.com to learn more about our company.






full-time-job