Headquartered in Carlsbad, California, Razer collaborates with gamers to develop, manufacture and market cutting-edge gaming peripherals utilizing proprietary technologies that give gamers the competitive edge. For Gamers. By Gamers™. This is not an empty slogan. Gaming is a way of life at Razer.    We reinvented the computer gaming industry by bringing this competitive edge to gamers when professional computer gaming was in its infancy. Razer’s growing line of professional gaming products have given teams and gamers the winning edge in dominating some of the most distinguished and popular gaming events such as the World Cyber Games, Electronic Sports World Cup, KODE5, Dreamhack, Cyber Athlete Professional League (CPL), ESL and many more. We are currently seeking a Software Marketing Manager to join our team.  In this role we are looking for an experienced software program management professional for the Systems and Software Product Marketing Team to manage cross functional efforts across marketing, and the engineering teams. This role is guided by business plans and strategy.       Responsibilities  • Manage product roadmaps, product lifecycle and launches to ensure that we increase our leadership and market share position  • Assist product team by defining product features that meet user needs  • Develop and implement marketing plans, ensuring achievement of company and brand objectives  • Conduct and do competitive benchmarking and product comparison  • Co-work with internal stakeholders like Sales Team and Channel Marketing  • Develop and implement activities such as promotions and product launches  • Manage the marketing budget and approval processes  • Work with Sales Team to bring about increased sales to the market   Required Skills • Exceptional written and verbal communication skills • Executive-ready presentation skills • Challenge the status quo with facts and defend decisions with evidence • The ability to influence and work across organizational boundaries • Dealing with ambiguity. • Project management. • Organizational agility • Analytical skills • The need to drive for results and have fun  Qualifications: • Must be organized and able to prioritize and performance multiple task simultaneously • Must possess strong interpersonal and leadership skills • Must possess strong analytical and business skills • Must possess excellent communication skills, both written and oral • Minimum 3+ years of experience in product  marketing • Must be a Gamer  • Knowledge and experience in the computer gaming industry a strong bonus   Benefits: We value our employees’ time and efforts. Our commitment to your success is enhanced by our competitive compensation and extensive benefits package including medical, dental and vision benefits and future growth opportunities within the company. Plus, we work to maintain the best possible environment for our employees where people can learn and grow with the company. We strive to provide a collaborative, creative environment where each person feels encouraged to contribute to our processes, decisions, planning and culture.   To Apply: Please respond to this positing with the following information or visit our website and apply online: www.example.com  •  Resume  •  A detailed salary history and/or salary expectations  • Sample marketing plan • List of your top three personal gaming accomplishments  • A short paragraph explaining why you are interested in gaming   Applicants not including all of the requested information will not be considered.   Only short listed candidates will be contacted.






2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job