IT Engineer  Summary:   Candidate must be local to Battle Creek, MI (Relocation is not applicable for this position).  Reporting to the Director of Operations, the IT Engineer is responsible for oversight of the continued development and maintenance of the patient care registry and care management portal including coordination with vendors, data suppliers and end users. The IT Engineer coordinates the development of interfaces and reporting capabilities. The IT Engineer participates in the evaluation and development of IT solutions related to Organized Systems of Care.   Responsibilities/Duties:   1. Identifies and achieves short- and long-term goals and plans designed for the attainment of initiatives of strategic plan related to the registry, care management portal and other IT initiatives.   2. Advises management and leadership on IT direction and development related to organizational initiatives including Organized Systems of Care and an IT Hub.   3. Serves as primary contact with registry, portal and other IT vendors as well as sources of information.   4. Coordinates development, implementation and maintenance of registry and portal bi-directional interfaces with various electronic medical record vendors, hospitals, pharmacy benefit managers, health plans and other sources & recipients of data.   5. Serves on work teams related to development of IT tools and resources.   6. Collaborates with other community and regional organizations in the development of IT tools and resources.   7. Demonstrates commitment to providing outstanding customer service in a manner that is reflective of our mission, values and customer service standards.   8. Maintains a working knowledge of applicable Federal, State and local laws and regulations, the Compliance Accountability Program, Code of Ethics, ERISA, HIPAA privacy and transaction and code set requirements, as well as other policies and procedures, in order to ensure adherence in a manner that reflects honest, ethical and professional behavior.   9. Performs related duties as assigned.   Education/Experience (Minimum Requirements):   Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Business Systems or related field.  Three to five years in a related field including project management experience.   Specific Skills, Knowledge, Licenses, Certifications, Etc:   Technical Skills:  IT Project Management, Systems/Network Administration, Third-Party Interface Implementations using TCP/IP networks, FTP communications, Web Services and associated tools to interface with external healthcare IT systems. Database/Web Server support, Routine maintenance, Interface monitoring, and Testing.  Non-Technical Skills:  Strong project management skills Ability to work both independently and as part of a team Excellent written and verbal communication skills Strong interpersonal and customer service skills Effective organizational skills and attention to detail  






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed