Senior Housing Search, the premier Executive Search firm in the Senior Care industry, is seeking a Director of Nurses for a not for profit hospital based SNF in Portland, Maine. This community requires a Director of Nurses who enjoys being a hands on manager, takes pride in staff development and improving the lives of seniors. This position is perfect for someone who is focused on customer service and providing great care. If you're looking to join a very mission driven not for profit long-term care company with an incredible working environment, please apply!  The Director of Nursing / DON is responsible for ensuring the residents are clinically cared for within the facility, and has 24 accountability for the clinical outcomes associated with delivering this care. Oversight of the nursing department, the clinical nutrition department, and ancillary services allows the Director of Nursing / DON to streamline clinical services and provide each resident with the most consistent care approach possible.  The Director of Nursing / DON functions as a major partner with the facility administrator and other key staff to assure that overall facility operations are safe, effective, meet regulatory and corporate standards for operations, and provide an excellent level of customer satisfaction.  The Director of Nursing / DON assumes the total accountability for all coordination of resident clinical outcomes. This includes contracted clinical services such as laboratory, pharmacy, optometric, dental, podiatry, radiology and any other as may be needed or contracted.  The Director of Nursing / DON directs, manages and evaluates the Professional Process as it relates to all resident care services, processes and outcomes; and assures that assessments and decisions are made.  Qualifications:  Graduate of an accredited school of Nursing. Valid RN license. Minimum of one to three (1-3) years as a Director of Nurses or Assistant Director of Nurses in a long-term care/skilled nursing setting.  Supervisory experience in long-term care, acute care, restorative or geriatric nursing preferred. Proficient in the use of personal computer.  Salary:  XXX k  Full Relocation Assistance  Benefits:  Medical Dental Life and Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance Short Term Disability Insurance Long Term Disability Insurance Vacation Paid Sick Leave Educational Assistance   






licence-needed salary full-time-job 1-year-experience-needed