*Concurrent Reviewer Hospital Core Measures*  *Location:*  No geographical restrictions - - remote position, enjoy working from home.  *Requirement:*  Recent, substantial and direct abstraction and/or oversight of inpatient Hospital Core Measures.    *Only applicants meeting this requirement will be considered.*  *Job Description* This position is an exciting, opportunity to positively affect patient care while in the comfort of your own home.  Front line hospital clinical staff rely on the concurrent reviewer to identify and prioritize patient needs related to core measure compliance that are currently admitted to their hospital. From admission to discharge, Q-Centrix concurrent reviewers remotely monitor for clinical changes in the patient that may include or exclude a patient in a core measure and advise the clinical staff accordingly.  By utilizing dashboard technology, core measure patients are followed daily and action items are identified for the client to ensure best practice care of each patient.  The position requires attention to detail and the ability to provide direction based on critical thinking and solid specification interpretation. The individual is expected to effectively communicate with the clients with special attention to accuracy and timeliness of report delivery.     Q-Centrix is a dynamic and client centered quality measures abstraction outsourcing company focused upon providing clinical data abstraction, analysis and reporting services to healthcare quality improvement departments. It is the largest and fastest growing company of its type in the nation. We are singularly focused upon helping our clients report and improve the quality of their care process and clinical outcomes. Our mission is to be the premier provider of quality related outsourcing services throughout the nation.  We currently have both part and full time (with benefits) career opportunities for individuals with experience in the areas of concurrent review, core measure or registry abstraction and who have a passion for the healthcare quality profession.  The position offers the opportunity to be part of a dynamic, growth oriented company while enjoying the flexibility of working from home via electronic access to client health record systems. With our rapid growth, we are offering career paths to management positions to those candidates with the right credentials and demonstrated leadership skills.  *Requirements* • RN/LPN preferred • Recent, substantial and direct hospital Core Measures abstraction experience. • Concurrent Review experience preferred but not mandatory with strong abstraction experience. • Ability to work independently in a time-oriented environment • Ability to apply critical thinking through specification interpretation • Ability to utilize available resources for decision-making • Client and detail oriented, analytical • Desire to maintain quality profession expertise and industry knowledge • Team player, reliable, good interpersonal skills   *To apply you must complete the online questionnaire at www.example.com






licence-needed