*Community Sales Leader, Springfield, MA*  If you’re driven by success and have a passion for improving others’ lives, Holiday Retirement has the opportunity for you to make the most of your sales skills in a fast-growing industry. As a Community Sales Leader at Holiday Retirement, you’ll use your exceptional people skills to build lasting relationships and help residents consider the tremendous benefits of a new life in one of our great communities. With 300 communities across the United States and Canada, there are nearly limitless opportunities for you to build an outstanding career.  Job description Responsibilities: While this is a sales role, you will get several leads from walk-ins, phone calls or responses to advertising and marketing campaigns. You will combine inside, and outside sales to build a professional, local network to help draw occupancy. You will use a consultative soft sell approach with prospective residents, matching their needs to Holiday Retirement’s all-inclusive independent senior lifestyle.  Our top sales people:   - Generate, cultivate, and maintain referral relationships with networks, as well as existing residents, to develop prospective residents. - Weekly Sales metrics of calls, tours, and leads gathered - Are able to convert leads, tours and calls to move-ins - Properly use our lead management system - Execute weekly sales/marketing programs and, personal lead generation activities - Send accurate reporting sent weekly to the Sales Management Teams    Benefits:  - Health, dental and vision coverage - 401(k) - Paid holidays - Paid vacation - Sick days - Travel program (stay in almost any of our communities for free)  Working Conditions: - Normal office working environment - Ability to work evenings, weekends and flexible hours - Ability to travel as needed - Must use own vehicle for travel within designated territory. Must maintain a valid driver’s license and automobile insurance coverage in limits that meet or exceed Company standards.   Preferred Qualifications: - Experience in a direct sales role - Solid track record of success in meeting and exceeding sales goals - A bachelor’s degree (B.A./B.S.) from a four year college or university - Strong analytical skills with the ability to interpret sales data - Proficiency with customer/lead tracking systems - Proficiency in Microsoft Office - Enjoy working in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment  About us: When Holiday Retirement was founded in 1971, it set out to create an independent living lifestyle unlike anything seniors had ever experienced before: cheerful communities filled with friendly, accepting neighbors, live-in managers dedicated to the happiness and well-being of each resident, innovative activities, programs and travel opportunities for fun and personal growth, and all the chores and details of daily life taken care of.  There's just something very special about life at Holiday that makes it unlike any other place on earth. It's the warm, accepting community of neighbors who feel more like family. It's the devoted staff who see this as more of a calling than a job, providing unrivaled service, compassion and care. And it's the unique feeling of being right where you belong, a feeling of being at home.  We call it The Holiday Touch, and it's what makes life at Holiday Retirement so special. And making Holiday Retirement even more revolutionary, both from the start and now, is having all of the many benefits available in one affordable, all-inclusive monthly rent. No hidden costs. No extra charges. No long-term commitments. Holiday residents are free to focus on living the life they've always wanted. And isn't that what retirement should be?  Take advantage of this exciting and unique career opportunity!   We are an equal opportunity employer. EOE M/F/D/V






bs-degree-needed