*Wellness Director (RN)*  Holiday Retirement owns and operates over 300 senior independent retirement communities, representing 37,000 apartment homes, and employing over 11,000 people in the United States and Canada. The company’s unparalleled growth over the past four decades can be attributed to one single, overriding focus: its residents.  A collegial and fun culture, opportunity for professional growth, and generous benefits package separates Holiday from its competitors, making it a quality place to work.  Read further to see how you can be a part of an exciting job opportunity at this dynamic and exciting company!  Description: The Wellness Director (Registered Nurse) is to promote the health and well-being of each resident by providing accurate nursing assessments, giving appropriate input to the development of care plans, and educating all health services staff on the appropriate and proper care of each resident.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities: - Assess the health condition and health care needs of the resident in conjunction with the Executive Director prior to and upon move into the community. - Establish the appropriate level of care for the resident. - Serve as a liaison between community, applicant's family and appropriate medical personnel. (Assist community to problem solve when a change in the residents’ health status occurs. Coordinate with other community health care professionals, such as the home health agency, to acquire use of their expertise when necessary.) - Actively participate in the development of the resident Service Plan. (Participate in Service Plan conferences, as needed. Update Service Plans when needed, assuring that residents are being accommodated at their appropriate level of care. Advise the Executive Director when resident can no longer be cared for at the community.) - Monitor status of residents’ health conditions and initiate actions in response to changing needs (read Communication Log and Alert Status daily). - Establish a medication administration program. (Appropriate medication documentation and administration system for each resident. Monitor all medications and prescriptions. Update medication system as needed.) - Daily review all medication orders and follow up on any prior authorizations documenting in the resident's Progress Notes. - Conduct periodic re-assessments of resident's health needs. - Teach staff/ residents/ others tasks that may be delegated and/ or assigned. - Delegate and/or assign routine (non) complex nursing tasks as allowed by state regulations. - Supervise staff/ residents/ others who have been delegated and/or assigned nursing tasks. - Perform selected nursing tasks that reflect an unusual or unique condition in a resident or that cannot be delegated (IM injections). - Hire, direct and evaluate performance of support personnel in conjunction with the Resident Care Coordinator and Program Manager.  - Assure TB tests are completed on time. - Responsible for participation in training/orientation of new health services employees. - Review all medication orders daily and follow up prescriptions that have not yet been authorized in resident's Progress Notes. - Attend  daily  standup  meetings  reporting  any  resident  issues  as  documented  in  the Communication Log. - Assure all orders are transcribed correctly and have specific parameters and diagnosis. - Performs 4-way Audits on all new residents that come from the nursing home or hospital, and residents that have had multiple medication changes. - Counsel  employees  in   conjunction  with  the  Executive  Director   and  Resident  Care Coordinator and Program Manager - report to Executive Director any problems with staff, exercise disciplinary action by oral and written communications, and file all oral and written communications in Personnel File. - Evaluate employees in conjunction with the Resident Care Coordinator and Program Manager with Employee Performance Evaluations for line staff and submit to Executive Director for approval prior to presentation. - Develop appropriate Service Plan and evaluate changes in care needs. - Determine if resident is appropriate for admission and remains within our level of care. - Attend to all resident needs as they arise. - Monitor care of resident to include, but not limited to, ADL's medication side effects, activities, meals, complaint problems, special requests, suspected abuse, injuries, etc. - Notify the Regional Nurse Consultant when resident has a change in behavior exhibited by aggression, combativeness in dementia and/or falls. - Perform scheduled Quality Assurance Audits in conjunction with Resident Care Coordinator and Program Manager. - Responsible to conduct community tours for prospective residents and family members as needed. - Conduct weekly community outreach visits. - Recommend marketing strategies to support the marketing efforts of the community. - On call duties on a rotating basis on the weekends and routinely on the weekdays. While on call, responsible to triage emergency care needs, assure staffing needs are met, and respond to other miscellaneous problems that may arise.  Job Qualifications and Requirements: - Current RN certification (licensure) in the state with at least one year of experience. - Speak, read, and write English. - Desire to work with older adults. - Skill in recognizing physical, mental and emotional needs of residents. - Ability to work closely with professional and non-professional staff members. - Effective oral and written communication skills. - Knowledge of federal, state and local regulations. - Able to maintain patience, poise, and dignity in an emergency or crisis. - Able to keep confidentiality. - Good judgment and ability to make independent decisions. - Emotional stability, tact and understanding of residents’ physical, psychological, social and emotional needs. - Able to prioritize multiple tasks. - Supervisory skills. - Take and give instructions well. - Regular, predictable and dependable attendance.  Benefits: - Health, dental and vision coverage - Optional life insurance - Optional disability insurance - 401(k) - Paid holidays - Paid vacation - Sick days - Travel program (stay in almost any of our communities for free)  Take advantage of this exciting career opportunity!   We are an equal opportunity employer. EOE M/F/D/V






licence-needed supervising-job 1-year-experience-needed