US Ignite: We’re Hiring! Outreach and Marketing Manager  ABOUT US IGNITE US Ignite brings to life next-generation Internet applications, not possible on today’s web, which will transform the way Americans are able to work and live.  It’s exciting, challenging, and visionary work.  To make it all happen, our crew of highly experienced (and fun) team members work with people from research universities, small communities, cities, government agencies, and the biggest names of the telecommunications and technology sectors to identify and connect resources and best practices that “ignite” new and exciting applications.  Culturally, US Ignite is a startup with very big goals. Operationally, US Ignite is an independent 501(c)(3) nonprofit that got its start with leadership from the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy and the National Science Foundation. We launched at the White House on June 14, 2012 with a five-year mission to change the way Americans experience what’s possible through a next-generation Internet. Learn more about us at us-ignite.org.  ABOUT THE JOB  US Ignite is an organization built on the strength of great relationships, and the person who fills the roll of Outreach and Marketing Manager will be responsible for growing and maintaining the relationships in and around US Ignite through regular communications and support of US Ignite team members.  Applicants should be ridiculously well-organized, and most importantly: able to craft clear, compelling communication that both current and prospective partners of US Ignite will enjoy receiving. After messages go out, you’ll also need to be eager to pick up the phone and follow up.  Great applicants should have a background in marketing, sales, and/or online community management, and feel completely comfortable moving between conversations with staff from exceptionally diverse organizations – from small nonprofits to government agencies to large corporations.  Working closely with the US Ignite Communications Director and Chief Operating Officer, the Outreach and Community Manager will be expected to roll their sleeves up to simply “get stuff done” while simultaneously thinking proactively and strategically – anticipating the needs of US Ignite internally and of partners externally, not simply check to-do items off a list.  This job is an exciting opportunity to be part of a team of brilliant people that is truly helping shape the future of the Internet and the way Americans across the county will experience their work and day to day lives.  Specifically, great applicants will have:  * Exceptional verbal and writing skills – an ability to translate complex ideas into easy-to-understand stories * Basic graphics skills – with ability to craft creative and professional visual documents * Experience getting partner organizations to actively engage in a coalition * Ease and comfort using social media channels such as Facebook and Twitter * Experience writing newsletters and using the tools to deliver them (e.g. Constant Contact, MailChimp) * An attitude that makes others eager to work with you  Among the Outreach Manager’s specific responsibilities will be managing:  * Relationships and engagement with US Ignite partner marketing contacts * Incoming media opportunities for Website updates and social media engagement * Writing and sharing of community highlights on the US Ignite blog * Marketing material production needs: Produce slides, one-pagers; Application Information sheets; Event-specific materials *Event calendars * Keeping the team aware of industry and other news related to the US Ignite ecosystem * Proactively identifying areas where support is needed and providing it. * Logistically, candidates will need to be located in Washington, DC.  IMPORTANT NOTE: The new team member will technically work for Fission Strategy in terms of payroll. Fission is a digital agency committed to using technology for social good. While Fission will support the outreach manager, the position will be fully responsive to the needs of US Ignite on a daily basis.  Salary commensurate with experience in addition to generous benefits.  Fission Strategy and US Ignite are equal opportunity employers. People of color, members of the LGBTQ community and women are strongly encouraged to apply.  To apply, please send a resume and cover letter that includes a description of something you’re particularly proud of in your life – be it a work experience or a personal one – to hiring example@example.com us-ignite.org.






