Providing Jacksonville communities with a comprehensive range of home health care services within the comfort of the patient’s home. Ortho Home Health Care is a full-service Home Health Agency specializing in providing rehabilitative services in all seven counties. We take pride in supporting patient recovery from illness or injury within their home environment. Working at Ortho Home Health Care can help you create the dynamic career you've always wanted while enjoying greater work-life balance. Employees enjoy the flexibility of scheduling their appointment times and ease of charting through use of electronic medical records reducing mileage to and from the office and making submitting paperwork a breeze.   We are seeking qualified compassionate physical therapists who have a heart for patient care and strong clinical foundation. If you are passionate about community based practice and the home care delivery model look no further. Please contact us for more information about the position.   JOB SUMMARY:   A Registered Physical Therapist (PT) administers physical therapy to patients on an intermittent basis in their place of residence. This is performed in accordance with physician orders and plan of care under the direction and supervision of the Director of Clinical Services/Nursing Supervisor.   QUALIFICATIONS: 1. Graduate from a physical therapist curriculum approved by the American Physical Therapy Association, or the Committee on Allied Health Education and Accreditation of the American Medical Association, or the Council of Medical Education of the American Medical Association and American Physical Therapy Association. 1. Currently licensed in the state(s) in which practicing. 2. Two (2) years experience, preferred. 3. Acceptance of philosophy and goals of this Agency. 4. Ability to exercise initiative and independent judgment.   RESPONSIBILITIES:   1. Understands and adheres to established policies and procedures. 2. Provides physician prescribed physical therapy. 3. Improves or minimizes residual physical disabilities of the patient. 4. Returns the individual to optimum and productive level within the patient’s capabilities. 5. Participates with all other health care personnel in patient care planning. 6. Directs and supervises personnel as required. 7. Takes initial history and makes initial evaluation. 8. Performs all skilled procedures as ordered by physician. 9. Consults with physicians regarding change in treatment. 10. Writes reports to physicians regarding patient's progress. 11. Instructs patients and family/significant others in home programs and activities of daily living. 12. Participates in inservice programs and presents inservice programs as assigned. 13. Participates in performance improvement activities as assigned. 14. Attends all patient care conferences as scheduled. 15. Prepares clinical and progress notes. 16. Assists physician with evaluating level of function. 17. Helps develop the plan of care and revise as necessary. 18. Consults with family and Agency personnel.  Completes and submits OASIS assessments, reassessments, transfers, resumptions of care, discharges and significant change in condition in accordance with Agency defined time frames. 20. Appropriately utilizes ICD-9 codes.   Job Description – Registered Physical Therapist (PT) …continued   WORKING ENVIRONMENT:   Works indoors in Agency office and patient homes and travels to/from patient homes.   JOB RELATIONSHIP:   1. Supervised by: Director of Clinical Services/Nursing Supervisor   2. Workers Supervised: Physical Therapy Assistant and Home Health Aide as  assigned   LIFTING REQUIREMENTS:   Ability to perform the following tasks if necessary: • Ability to participate in physical activity. • Ability to work for extended period of time while standing and being involved in physical activity. • Heavy lifting. • Ability to do extensive bending, lifting and standing on a regular basis.






2-4-years-experience-needed licence-needed