Physician Therapeutics, part of the Targeted Medical Pharma Group, is a specialty pharmaceutical company that develops and distributes proprietary prescription Medical Food products and generic drugs to physicians and their patients in the United States and Japan. Our Group has spent over two decades developing products to improve patients’ quality of life. That commitment to developing happy lives starts within our team.  Our beautiful campus inspires an innovative and collaborative culture. Seated at the peak of the Santa Monica Mountains, Physician Therapeutics is a hotbed of creativity. This location is where we develop medications, business technologies and methodologies that have evolved into a valuable library of patents – and many prosperous employees.    We spend our days helping people overcome sleep disorders, anxiety and pain – Being part of this environment excites us, as do the multiple benefits our company offers:   Competitive Salary  Outstanding Medical Benefits  Paid Holidays, Vacation and Sick time  Profit Sharing  Promotion from Within  Flexible work schedule  A Reputable, Socially-Beneficial and Stable Company  Beautiful, Comfortable Working Environment  A Team with a Passion for Excellence and a Passion for Helping Others  An Innovative, Collaborative Environment  A Culturally-Diverse Team  Clear Personal, Departmental and Company Goals    We are excited to announce that our Company is seeking a talented-Hands on Sr. Application Developer to join our IT Team.     DESCRIPTION:   The quaified candidate will serve as the solution architect/developer on business driven projects using windows and web technologies (ASP.NET, SQL Server, jQuery, 3rd party APIs). This position includes hands-on coding as well as leading project teams.    RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO:  •Responsible for the technical design, implementation, and deployment of systems.   •Ensure best practices are followed during all phases of development, deployment and support.  •Maintain proper source control and version history.  •Ensure applications meet security & privacy compliance requirements.  •Prepare specifications by conducting appropriate research to accurately define scope.  •Develop and maintain application-related documentation and help systems.  •Conduct trials and testing to ensure applications perform to specifications.  •Perform revision, repair, expansion or migration of existing software as needed.  •Report status, issues, and timelines to CTO and project teams.  •Lead technical teams in problem resolution, evaluation and implementation of solutions.    QUALIFICATIONS:  •Expert level knowledge of ASP.NET, SQL Server, HTML, XML, JavaScript, CSS  •Experience interacting with 3rd party APIs and web services  •Strong communication and problem solving skills.    •Ability to grow effective team and peer relationships  •Demonstrated ability for delivering quality work in a timely manner  •Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic business environment  •Knowledge of security process, principals, governance, and standards (i.e. HIPAA and PCI) a plus.    EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:  •Bachelor’s Degree  •Minimum of 6+ years experience      COMPENSATION:   •Commensurate with experience    For immediate consideration, click on \"APPLY\" and send us your resume and cover letter. Targeted Medical Pharma, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer M/F/V/D. We look forward to the prospect of working with you! We appreciate your interest in our company, however; only qualified candidates will be contacted.    






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed