ERP Developer (Primarly JD Edwards) Position Summary:  The ERP Developer serves as a technical authority on Enterprise Resource Planning applications and integrations.  This position supports currently-installed ERP Applications (currently primarily JD Edwards) and future ERP modules, applications, and implementations.  The ERP Developer works to continually improve the tactical and strategic JD Edwards applications for both the JDE users and for IT support.  Responsibilities also include assessing business needs and formulating solutions through the use of ERP and other applications, and initiating and leading related projects.  Responsibilities/Duties:  Serves as a technology advocate and IT representative to gather business requirements from stakeholders to design, develop and modify JD Edwards EnterpriseOne:  Financial and operational reports and programs for all business units.  System and module configuration and function to enhance performance  Workflow parameters, inputs, and outputs  Installed modules, tool sets, or ancillary applications Maintains integration points between JDE and third party application.  Apply application/technical knowledge to ensure that the business systems are performing efficiently and that customers are provided with required services.  Works with IT management and technical resources to continually re-prioritize JD Edwards/ERP System projects and maintenance work, keeps IT management and stakeholders apprised of progress or lack thereof, and maintains project/maintenance documentation of the highest caliber and accuracy.  Works independently or as a member of a project team responsible for providing technical guidance related to the business implications of the ERP system.  Assists the IT Applications Manager with creating and maintaining positive relationships with business units and senior management.  Additional duties as assigned by IT management. Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:  Advanced knowledge of developing and supporting multiple JD Edwards EnterpriseOne application suites/modules:  Financial Management (GL, AP, AR, Fixed Assets)  Human Capital Management (Payroll, Employee Self-Service, eRecruit)  Asset Lifecycle Management (Capital Assets, Resource Assignments)  EnterpriseOne Collaborative Portal  Reporting (JDE One View, Insight Software InsightUnlimited) Expert skill level with using JD Edwards-and/or Oracle specific tools:  JDE Tools v8 or higher (OMW, UTB, Data Dictionary, Table Conversions, ERW, Tasks, and workflows)  BI Publisher Enterprise  JDeveloper Business Services (BSSV)  BPEL  JDE Z-Processes Strong knowledge and experience using JDE OMW development tools and processes to create UBEs, applications and business functions.  Experience developing and maintaining interfaces between JD Edwards EnterpriseOne and one or more third-party applications:  Kronos  Navis N4 Terminal Operating System  AssetWorks M5  Periscope BuySpeed Possess demonstrated expertise with the Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC):  Determine, model, and document business processes (AS-IS, TO-BE).  Create and/or review functional and technical design documents.  Work with all stakeholders and IT staff to schedule product implementation and testing. Ability to break down business problems or situations into component parts, identifying implications, timeframes, dependencies and sequences to logically develop IT solutions.  Exemplary customer service mentality and “can-do” attitude, including a demonstrated willingness to commit the additional time and effort necessary during periods of heavy workload in order to meet project milestones and implementation deadlines.  Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills.  Proficient in MS Office Word, Excel, Outlook, Access, Visio and PowerPoint. Education/Work Experience:  Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration, MIS, Computer Science, or related field.  Relevant, significant experience may be substituted for the degree requirement.  5+ years of related, progressively-increasing experience in JD Edwards ERP development, OMW processes, and JDE database structures.  Experience with all phases of implementation and support of JDEdwards Enterprise Resource Planning application suites and modules.  Familiar with one or more Project Management methodologies and the ability to track and direct several projects at once.  To see all of our jobs go to www.example.com IT XXX IT






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed