Are you a skilled Data Entry Clerk? Do you have Passion for Fashion?! If so continue on...  Enters alphanumeric data from a variety of sources, including paper-based, electronic and phone into a computer database. Records and verifies simple to moderately complex data. Corrects errors according to standard procedures. Sales Audit/Flash will also be responsible for auditing all store receipts in accordance with established procedures and guidelines.  ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Keeps track of received data and source documents.  • Prepares and sorts source documents, and identifies and interprets data to be entered.  • Contacts preparers of source documents to resolve questions, inconsistencies, or missing data.  • Compiles, sorts, and verifies accuracy of data to be entered.  • Assists in establishing and maintaining an effective and efficient records management system.  • Generates reports and responds to inquiries regarding entered data as requested.  • Contributes to a team effort and accomplishes related results as required.  • Maintains confidential information  • Performs general clerical duties such as typing, answering phones, etc.  • Perform other job related duties as assigned.  • Maintain and reconcile all sales audit functions for the day and month • Research register out of balance problems and reconcile on a daily basis • Follow up on cash over/shortages  • Maintain and process Credit Card issues  • Assist in the investigation of any suspected wrongdoing • Assist as back up Receptionist as required • Other duties as assigned by Windsor management, Controller and Buyers.  COMPENTENCY (To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following  Competencies): Knowledge of assigned program activities guidelines and processes  • Proficient in WORD and EXCEL  • Must be able to interact with all levels of management, banks and store level employees.  • Communicate efficiently and effectively both verbally and in writing.  • Carry out multiple tasks and meet deadlines.  • Follow instructions furnished in verbal or written format.  • Detail oriented and possess skill in ten-key by touch. • Epicor System experience a plus  • High School Diploma/or GED required • Must be able to work independently and resolve problems effectively






