Dolphin Tech LLC is a Start-Up and looking for a creative art director to join our team - A creative conceptual initiator who is strategically oriented in his or her design approach and is able to relate design work to clients’ overall business plans and promotional goals. Experienced in art directing, able to sketch wire-frames, storyboards and or provide computer comps that are clear enough to be executed by design. Interacts and brainstorms effectively with internal and external partners and demonstrates exceptional presentation skills.  You will generate new ideas, wire-frames, color theme and listen to clients and team needs and document for your reference. Excellent verbal and written communication skills are required.  You will use both conventional and digital mediums to execute creative, persuasive and informational communications, consistently illustrate and articulate strong graphic design skill sets including a keen eye for layout balance, typography, color associations and brand integrity. Additionally, with each layout, demonstrate sensitivity to messaging hierarchy and content readability  *Portfolio (online preferred) is required to be considered for this position*  *Responsibilities include* - • Generating ideas for projects with clients • Wire-framing concepts • Define color themes for the projects • Able to storyboard ideas • Documenting ideas and proposals • Talking to client phone calls • Will create designs for multiple projects  *Requirements:* • At least 1 year experience, preferably in a ad agency, with demonstrated ability to conceptualize, design and produce effective web and print collateral graphics. • Experience with web projects like personal & Business portfolio, eCommerce sites • Adobe Creative Suite CS5 or CS6 knowledge is required (Dreamweaver, Fireworks, Photoshop, Illustrator, Photoshop, • Knowledge of Microsoft Office required (Word, PowerPoint, Excel, etc.) • Solid project management/time management skills • Knowledge of preparing web and print design files required • Knowledge of HTML, CSS, jQuery and JavaScript  • Strong design aesthetics of typography, designing with type, and design layout  • Flexible/adaptable/strong work ethic • Desire for continuous improvement and continual learning  *Working at Dolphin Tech LLC* Dolphin Tech LLC is a Start-Up Company located in Greater Pittsburgh area with great future on which you can bet! If you are the person with burning passion to excel in your career then Dolphin Tech is the place for great opportunities. 






full-time-job 1-year-experience-needed