A.L.P. Lighting Components is recruiting for an Extrusion Technician for its plastics extrusion/thermoforming facility in Olive Branch, MS (outside Memphis, TN).  Candidate must have experience in plastic extrusion.  Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:  Perform duties to assist supervisor to maintain the flow of work and to ensure product quality and quantity is achieved by performing set ups and start ups of extrusion lines as well as troubleshooting of extrusion lines while running.  Request, evaluate, and monitor extrusion line and tooling modifications and repairs.  Monitor production to ensure customer specifications and established quality standards are maintained.  Interprets specifications, blueprints, and job orders.  Monitors and confers with supervisor to update all processing parameters on Bill of Materials, cycle sheets, etc.   Selects and audits products during processing to ensure adherence to quality standards such as dimensions and performance.    Supply approved first piece off parts to supervisor or designee to ensure current quality standards are met.  Perform moisture analysis of material as needed, taking into account shift usage and available dry resin.  May supervise machine operators to ensure quality production of parts.  Communicate and work with supervisor to determine production priorities based on daily shift activities.  Maintains time and production records.  Sets up lines and equipment and assists with material changes.  Recommends measures to improve production efficiencies, equipment optimization, scrap minimization, and quality improvements.  Responsible for any other special projects as assigned.  EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCED REQUIRED:  • Associates Degree or equivalent from two-year college or technical school or equivalent extrusion experience.  • At least 2 years of experience in similar environment. • Forklift experience. • Knowledge of variety of production equipment, power tools and hand tools.   






associate-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed