Process Engineer/Forging ( Bolts) -- J01-0182      Support production by analyzing production process problems and equipment capability issues.      Utilize systematic data collection, root cause analysis, DOE, and FMEA methods.     Supply data in support of projects to improve production processes & systems.      Manage specific projects designed to meet stated improvement goals.     Support safety initiatives.  Required Skills:      Follow quality standards, methods, and procedures: Review production requirements, adhere to Quality Policy system, and follow safety standards.     Assist with control of operational costs and waste reduction. Recommend improvements that identify and reduce areas of waste and causes of variation.     Communicate systems activities and all non-conformance issues in a timely manner.     Develop individual and team efforts that meet or exceed corporate objectives.      Recommend improvement to processes or operations.     Excellent communication, organizational and analytical skills.  Required Experience:      Familiarity with various methods of metal forming in regards to threaded Fastener manufacturing, hot press forging preferred.     Experience generating master models using Part Solutions 3D software and use of computers to streamline drafting and design, blueprint engineering/analysis, and technical support.     Pro active in the identification and problem solving of employee safety and product quality issues.     Capable of generating and recommending approaches, processes, and procedures that impact continuous improvement.     Must have experience in promoting and participating in continuous improvement/lean activities that meet operational excellence expectations.     Microsoft Office, AutoCAD, Pro-E, and CAD/CAM.     Experience in solving in solving manufacturing issues, knowledge of SPC, Gage R&R & CPK.     2-10 years experience as a Process Engineer in a fast-paced manufacturing environment.     Experience documenting production processes and procedures.     Able to work with production workers to diagnose production issues.  Educational Requirements:      B.S. Degree in Mechanical Engineering, Industrial Engineering or Materials Science.  Employee Type: Full-Time Industry Type: Airline - Manufacturing Required Education: 4 Year Degree  






full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed