Industrial Equipment Assembler - Chemicals    J01-0233       Performs all work with the utmost regard for safety and the well being of all involved.     Understands and complies with all safety regulations and guidelines while on company property.     Actively participates in the company safety program; reports any observed accident, incident, unsafe condition or near miss to management team.     Understands and complies with the established Quality System and reports any deficiencies in product, process, or raw materials to management team.     Assists with the manufacturing of single stage gas regulators through small parts assembly, flow setting, functional testing, and QC sample checking by following established written procedures.      Cleans raw small parts through utilization of established cleaning processes and equipment.     Utilizes various tools (hand, electrical, pneumatic) and high pressure gas stations for multiple assembly functions.     Performs repairs on in-process product and any customer returns.     Actively participates in raw material inventory management through accurate tracking of raw materials and completed assemblies with Oracle MRP system.     Directly interfaces with internal customers across multiple departments     Maintains a clean and organized work area.  Job Requirements      High School Diploma or equivalent     Proficiency in English     Proficiency with Microsoft Office suite     Good manual & mechanical skills     Have full range of motion and be able to lift a minimum of 50 pounds repeatedly     Strong ability to read and follow establish Standard Operating Procedures for all job tasks     Strong verbal and written communication skills     Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to act professionally and effectively with others     Strong attention to detail     Strong organizational skills with the ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously     Team player      MUST PASS A BACKGROUND CHECK AND DRUG SCREEN TEST   Employee Type:  Contractor  Industry: Chemicals Location: Cambridge, MD 21613   






