GO Physical Therapy –  NY (Surrounding Areas) Are you the type of Physical Therapist that patients look forward to seeing? Are you always smiling and making your patient visits an EXPERIENCE & not just another medical appointment? Are you looking for an opportunity to earn some extra money on a consistent basis?  Do you want work outside of the typical four walls and get paid to travel and work with some of the most amazing clients ever? Do you want to be part of a motivated, confident, and reliable team of part-time physical therapists helping patients in their homes to enjoy an improved quality of life? Then you will want to keep reading this! We are looking for certified Physical Therapists to serve as independent contractors in the Bronx, Long Island, Queens, Brooklyn, and surrounding New York areas. About Us We are GO Physical Therapy and Wellness ( formally Distinctive Home PT) and we pride ourselves in bringing smiling faces to the homes of our many clients in the NY area.  We are a growing PT Clinic that can offer competitive pay, bonuses, flexible hours and an opportunity to have an interesting mix of clients and work settings.  We serve clients who either can’t get out of their homes or prefer at home Physical Therapy. Many of our clients are seniors who look forward to the visits from our qualified PTs. Who Do We Want? You must be available for a minimum of 10 hours per week You must be a Certified Physical Therapist and Independent Contractor  You must be on-time for your scheduled appointments at each client’s home You must have the communication skills to work with senior citizens, often patients with dementia, and their families; having the ability to quickly establish rapport and feelings of trustworthiness You must be somewhat tech/web savvy, able to follow directions & responsible enough to attend to the needs of the clients while being both professional and compassionate IS THIS YOU? Then what are you waiting for? Positions are limited! To be considered for the position of Independent Physical Therapist Contractor, E-mail us with the subject line “I'm that great therapist your looking for”. In the body of the e-mail, tell us about the last time you made a real difference in a patient’s life by making them laugh.  COMPENSATION Minimum $55 PT per hour - up to $70.00 + per hour possible with incentives Recruiters please don't contact this job poster. Please, no phone calls about this job!Candidates with working Visas please do not apply.Independent Contracting Physical Therapist positions for Full Time, Part Time and Per Diem available






hourly-wage licence-needed