As the Project Manager - Operations you will be responsible for facilitating the successful delivery and implementation of client software solutions in coordination with the Operations and Development departments. The Project Manager is expected to provide recommendations for process improvements as well as participate in implementation of new policies and procedures.    Key Responsibilities:  • Coordinate client solutions from order acceptance through delivery, implementation, adoption and sign-off.  • Builds and maintains strong client relationships through project implementation and sign-off. • Liaise between customer and management to ensure timely milestone updates.  • Ensure compliance with original project scope.  • Provide regular direction and feedback to internal teams to achieve performance milestones.  • Set-up and maintain Project Timelines (Gantt charts)  • Makes recommendations for process improvements. • Maintains Standard Operating Procedures documentation.  • Assist Managers in day-to-day coordination of business operational activities.    Minimum Qualifications: • Proven record of successful project and time management • Exceptional problem solving skills • Excellent interpersonal and communication skills • Organized and detailed-oriented team player • Ability to multi-task and keep commitments  • Advanced PC skills, especially with MS Office  • Experience with Project Management software and “best practices” • Ability to exercise discretion in handling sensitive matters  Preferred Qualifications:  • 5+ years of successful project management experience in an operations environment • 5+ years of successful customer relations experience • Experience in a manufacturing or fabrication environment • College degree in Business or related field  A company is only as good as its people and SigmaTEK’s employees are the best. If you would like to be one of the best and are interested in experiencing job growth in a team environment, please send us your current resume with cover letter. All materials will be kept in strictest confidence. SigmaTEK is an equal opportunity employer.






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed