DO & CO “The Gourmet Entertainment Group” is an international company, involved in airline catering, event catering (e.g. Formula 1 Grand Prix), restaurants, hotels and airport lounges. Our gourmet kitchens are based in New York, London, Milan, Vienna, Kiev, Istanbul, Frankfurt and Munich. Our team of over 6000 employees, in more than 23 countries, is expanding continually, catering for renowned guests worldwide at the highest level.     The DO & CO New York team currently consists of more than 500 employees. We are expanding and looking for a    ADMINISTRATIVE COORDINATOR - AIRLINE CATERING    Responsibilities:  • Support administratively in creating DO & CO’s high end products  • Provide vital data for daily production of fresh high quality foods served to hundreds of international guests  • Maintain correspondence with airline stations regarding flight schedules and meal orders  • Provide flight data and daily production quantity information to operational and production departments  • Make production forecasts using data on passenger numbers  • Maintain and update information on airline passenger numbers in our ERP system  • Generate and distribute production and delivery plans  • Generate delivery notes  • Attend department meetings with head chefs and production planning team to discuss and implement solutions     Qualifications:  • Several years of work experience in an administrative field, preferably in a production company  • Excellent knowledge of MS Office Excel  • Knowledge of MS Navision, Airvision and SITA as well as experience with an ERP systems is a plus  • Excellent planning and coordination skills  • Analytical competence and attention to detail  • Ability to work well in a fast paced environment  • Hands-on approach, forward thinking, self-driven and dedicated individual  • Ability to complete assigned tasks within the given time in order to meet strict deadlines  • Willingness to work flexible hours (different shifts - weekends, holidays)    We offer:   • A renowned, international company, continually expanding, offering a stable workplace with great career opportunities   • A diverse, international and dynamic work environment   • Support for continuous professional development   • A benefit package incl. medical, dental, vision, holidays, vacation and sick time   • A free meal a day plus work clothes specific to your job   • Negotiable salary with the prospect of performance-based compensation      Do you want to join a highly motivated and diverse team and develop within an internationally renowned company?     We look forward to receiving your application (if you are eligible to work within the US).     Please apply online at www.example.com    DO & CO New York Catering, Inc.  Human Resources    XXX  Street  Jamaica, NY 11430  Tel.:+ XXX   Fax.: + XXX   www.example.com    This job description is not exhaustive of all job responsibilities. Other tasks may be added by the Management according to business requirements.






salary 2-4-years-experience-needed