MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:  To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.  The requirements listed below are representative of the minimum knowledge, skills and/or abilities required.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.    Education – Bachelor’s degree preferred.   Experience –  Three to five years of previous high level administrative support experience in a business environment with a high level of interaction with managerial and outside parties.  Language Skills – Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, business plans, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals.  Ability to write routine reports and correspondence.  Ability to speak effectively before groups employees, customers or vendors, etc.  Mathematical Skills –ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals.  Ability to compute rate, ratio, and percent and to draw and interpret bar graphs.  Reasoning Ability – Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form.  Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations.  Certificates, Licenses, Registrations – None.  Other Required Skills and Abilities – All features of Microsoft Office, JDEdwards One World, AOS (Restaurant ordering system).  SCOPE OF POSITION: Provides administrative support to the General Manager and Executive team with primary focus on relationship and communication with customer groups and internal leadership teams  ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES (Other Duties May Be Assigned): • Prepare and edit correspondence, communications, presentations and other documents for McDonald’s and Chipotle Market, Supply Chain, and other constituents. • Point of contact for FSCM, O/O’s, A-D Leadership, Vendors  • Creates and maintains standard and special spreadsheet reports to ensure availability of complete and accurate data.  • Arrange and coordinate meetings and events. • Communication liaison with McDonalds Regional Offices & DC • Record, transcribe and distribute minutes of Leadership Team meetings. • Updating all internal restaurant communication lists and maintains various website contacts and company information. • Direct support to General Manager for any necessary administrative support  • Facilitates internal communication to ensure smooth operations and flow of information.   






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed