*Location: South Florida Area* Job Title: Material Control Supervisor Reports To: Materials Manager FLSA Status: Exempt Department: Production Control Date: 10/12  Summary: Coordinate activities of receiving/shipping personnel and stockroom personnel by performing the following duties.  Duties and Responsibilities:  Plan, organize, lead, and control the Production Control functions of Shipping/Receiving and Inventory Control, including all stocking locations.  • Plan – assist in the definition and execution of department goals and objectives. • Organize – establishment of working relationships, interactions, and cooperation of entire staff, which includes team building, ethics, and professionalism. • Lead – motivation and harmonization of staff, staff development, continuous improvement at every level, and the promotion of process innovation. • Control – Reviews department goals and objectives, monitor performance, take corrective action as necessary, and reward for goal attainment. • Work within company policy up to an including what is outlined in the Employee Handbook, Safety Manual and OSHA Safety rules.  Shipping and Receiving Support company goals related to performance, including but not limited to, timely and accurate delivery of components from Receiving thru Stockroom to the customer, Manufacturing.  • Plans personnel workload and directs workflow. • Monitors the Dock to Stock process for timeliness and accuracy, including data entry, and distribution of all documentation as required. • Oversees and monitors material moves in efficient, effective, and safe manner. • Responsible to maintain housekeeping efforts (5S) shipping and receiving area. • Resolves discrepancies with Accounting regarding invoices, packing list, and receiver reports, as needed. • Maintains all required Haz Mat certifications and serves as company expert when related questions arise. • Maintains accurate delivery statistics in support of companies Customer Service Goals.  Stockroom  • Plans personnel workload and directs workflow. • Monitors kitting process, and FIFO, to insure work orders are delivered to manufacturing on the specified dates with specified components. • Oversees and validates daily cycle count process in stockroom and WIP locations to achieve company goals and develop a continuous improvement mentality in all direct reports. • Effectively leads change and improvements thru training and leadership. • Responsible for the security of all inventory.  Communications  • Attendance/Punctuality – meet departmental goals for lost time. • Observes safety and security procedures. • Reports potentially unsafe conditions; uses equipment and materials properly. • Treats all company documentation as proprietary information. • Effective and positive resolution to organizational conflict. • Promote innovation and continuous improvement.  Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  Education/Experience: High school diploma or general education degree (GED); three years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.  Language Ability: Must have good communication skills in English including oral and written.  Ability to read, analyze, and interpret instructions written in English. Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations to customers, clients, and other employees of the organization.  Math Ability: Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Ability to compute rate, ratio, and percent and to draw and interpret bar graphs.  Reasoning Ability:  Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out detailed but uninvolved written or oral instructions. Ability to deal with problems involving a few concrete variables in standardized situations.  Certificates and Licenses: APICS Certified preferred but not required.  Computer Skills: To perform this job successfully, an individual should have basic knowledge of the following: • Manufacturing (MRP or ERP) software  • Outlook • Microsoft Applications  Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  While performing the duties of this job the employee is regularly exposed to moving mechanical parts. The employee is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles; toxic or caustic chemicals and risk of electrical shock. The noise level in the environment is moderate.  Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  While performing the duties of this job the employee is regularly required to stand; walk; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee is frequently required to climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee is occasionally required to lift up to 25 pounds. The vision requirements include: close vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus.  Lean Practices/Maintenance of Work Area: Each employee has the responsibility to keep his or her immediate work area safe, clean and tidy. Filing should be up-to-date. There should be a place for everything and everything should be kept in its place.






supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed