SEARCH Group Partners (www.example.com), a premier recruiting firm with offices in Utah and Tennessee is searching for experienced Electrical Engineers, preferably P.E. certified, for a client of ours.  Positions located in Memphis, TN; Sarasota, FL; and Dallas, TX.     Here are a few things you'll likely find yourself doing in this role...  • Full responsibility for on assigned projects • Assists in the development of technical documentation, proposals, and presentations to clients • Coordinates project designs with other disciplines to determine equipment needs, implement operating procedures, resolve system malfunctions, and provide technical information • Coordinates with suppliers, contractors, clients, and client representatives to determine project scope • Performs specific engineering studies, engineering calculations, and other design analyses using industry software • Evaluates the work of technical staff and provides feedback and/or corrections based on client needs • Produces written specifications for project equipment and construction methods • Takes the lead in developing design approaches and concepts on assigned projects and requests assistance from the technical staff when needed • Attends meetings with owners, clients, or architects to determine project scope as needed • Assists project manager in establishing budgets, cost estimates, and project schedules • Coordinates with local authorities, utilities, and municipalities to ensure compliance with construction and government standards • Communicates information from meetings to project staff • Conducts project job site visits during construction to monitor progress and ensure conformance to design specifications, owner expectations, and building codes • Reviews shop drawings and submittals • Ensures that company technical policies and procedures are practiced during the execution of projects for clients  Here's what you need to have...  • M.S. or B.S. degree in Engineering and ten or more years applicable experience in discipline design and analysis • 10 or more years of healthcare experience • Registered Professional Engineer in respective location • Strong technical skills • Excellent written & oral communication skills  A plus if you have experience with some of these...  • Project Management  • LEED Certification  • Renewable energy systems & net zero    Interested candidates can submit an application online at www.example.com or contact one of our offices.  Connect with us:  • www.example.com  • www.example.com  • www.example.com   At SEARCH Group Partners, we support diversity and are proud to be an Equal Opportunity & Affirmative Action employer.  In order to comply with federal regulations, we maintain records of the race and gender of applicants.  For this reason and this reason only, we ask that you indicate your gender, race and ethnicity.  If you do choose to answer these questions, this information will not affect your being considered for employment opportunities for which you are qualified.  






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed