The Benefits Coordinator provides high-level customer service, including in-depth benefits problem-solving support to Human Resources Staff, Employees, and Managers on all benefits plans, including health, dental, disability, life, and retirement.  The Benefits Coordinator responds to a large number of employee inquiries in person, by phone, and via email, providing guidance and assistance. This position ensures transactions are processed accurately and in a timely manner for assigned plans. This position also audits data, works with third party administrators, and the internal Payroll and Human Resources departments on a regular basis. This position works on special projects as assigned.  Responsibilities: •Administer employee benefit plans including health, dental, life and disability insurance, as well as retirement, COBRA and other plans which includes the reconciliation of monthly invoices •Coordinates all activities associated with new employee on-boarding, open enrollment, including educational meetings •Ensures that benefit information and deduction amounts are accurately entered in the HRIS and carrier systems • Assists with benefit audits; liaison with Accounting Department for benefit-related needs • Ensures that all 401(k) contribution/loans changes and feeds are timely and accurate • Resolves Administrative problems with the carrier representatives • Assist with the timely filing/distribution of SAR's, 5500's, plan amendments, and benefit related notices. • Coordination of internal and external audits associated with benefits. • Schedule and recordkeeping for all 401 (k) Plan Committee Meetings. • Assist with Leave of Absence Administration and other HR related duties as required  JOB QUALIFICATIONS: • Minimum of 2 years of benefits administration/HR administration experience. • Strong project management skills and ability to work independently • Outstanding communication skills - both verbal and written • Ability to multi-task day to day work with larger, long-term projects • Strong Microsoft Office skills, specifically Word and Excel • Bilingual – English/Spanish  Preferred: Experience with Benetrac/Paychex  Please note that this is a summary of duties for this position. It is by no means an all-inclusive list but rather a broad guide to expected duties. It is neither complete nor permanent and may be modified at any time.






supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed