Oversees and participates in the operations in connection with the assembling or manufacturing of products.  Responsibilities:  Coordinates hourly work schedule as set by Supervisor.  Provides direct oversight and leads assigned personnel in achieving schedule, productivity, quality, training, and safety targets.  Will ensure tools and test equipment are properly maintained and stored through inventory, maintenance and inspection logs.  Consistently works on developing and improving department processes and methods to improve the function and operation of their respective section.  Ensures personnel are utilizing the appropriate tools for their assigned task or tasks.  Ensures personnel are prepared for current and next task as specified.  Perform other work related task as assigned.  Comply with all Company and HSE procedures and policies.  Facility Specific Responsibilities:  Responsible to operate and perform maintenance of all products.  Test and troubleshoot hydraulic/ pneumatic system.  Interface with relevant departments to obtain a thorough understanding of NOV products and how they are safely operated, tested, calibrated and problems are resolved in a timely manner.  Work with Engineering group to test the new release deign, recommend any improvement and submit all necessary red line drawings.  Assembly experience is a plus!  Comply with all Company and HSE procedures and policies.  Day shift (1st Shift)  Pay rate is $17+ DOE  Location: Galena Park  All applicants are required to take drug and background screenings. Metalskills, Inc. is and EOE. DISCLAIMER: In order to be considered, applicants must meet the minimum requirements listed above. In most instances you must be authorized to work in the U.S. without sponsorship. Please be advised that only suitable Candidates will be considered and contacted. If you meet the qualifications above, please apply today for more details! Offers of employment are contingent upon completion of any applicable background checks, verification of past employment and reference information and the Candidate's successful completion of a drug test and submission of satisfactory employment-eligibility documentation required by federal law. For more information about Metalskills, Inc. and to view other opportunities currently available, please visit: www.example.com






hourly-wage