ReputationChanger.com, the #1 Rated Online Reputation Management company, is hiring 1 Senior Sales Executive for our state-of-the-art office which is located on 7th and Chestnut!!   Reputation Changer experienced unprecedented 600% growth 2012. A pace has already been set in 2013 to top that mark! While other companies are in commoditized markets, we are the #1 company in a 3.4 Billion dollar and GROWING market. We have obtained this status through unmatched service, results, and customer satisfaction.   This position is 100% inbound leads only, with no prospecting or cold calling. To qualify you must have at least 5 years' experience in sales, a proven track record, and at least 4 business references to verify your previous success.   Sales Executives at Reputation Changer earn between $125,000 - $650,000 per year. The first month of training is paid for by Reputation Changer, thereafter you work 100% off of commissions.   This is a dream job for closers and here’s why.    As a Senior Sales Executives working for Reputation Changer: 1. You do not worry about the economy, ever! You sell a service that is a necessity for individuals and businesses. 2. You are brought 100% INBOUND, HIGHLY QUALIFIED WARM LEADS!!!! 100% INBOUND WARM LEADS!!!! 3. You do NO cold calling or prospecting. 4. You have the backing of the #1 Rated Reputation Management Firm in the world: www.example.com  5. You are called by prospects losing business and having trouble in their personal lives due to negative reviews and defamatory information on sites like Yelp, ComplaintsBoard, and other outlets. This is a major pain point that our clients pay thousands of dollars to fix via Reputation Changer. 6. You are given inbound leads from agents that represent professional athletes, celebrities, politicians, Fortune 500 Companies, and high profile individuals. These deals can run into the millions, paying out commissions in the 6 figures.  7. You use an automated contract system so that once they have a verbal commitment from a client, a Docusign Electronic Contract will be sent on their behalf. Then our clients sign electronically and our customer support team takes over and Sales Executives focus on the next deal.  8. You are not restricted by areas or territories and your client list is global.   You ALSO enjoy the following PERKS as a Senior Sales Executive at Reputation Changer:  1. Drink free Starbucks, Lamont Coffee, Red Bull, and other energy drinks. 2. Eat free snacks. 3. Exercise with a personal trainer.  4. Speak with a life coach 3 times a week. 5. Enjoy sales trips to places and events such as Atlantic City, concerts, and night clubs rented by the company. 6. Receive massages from a staff massage therapist to help you relax and focus. 7. Work in arguably the best location in Philadelphia. 8. Use a state-of-the-art WIRELESS phone system and computers with dual monitors.   If you have a tenacious background in Sales and you’re a top tier closer then you may have what it takes to be a Sales Executive at Reputation Changer.  Please follow this link to create an employment account with us and apply to the position of Sales Executive.  www.example.com  ****5 Years of Sales Experience and Strong Business References are required**** Reputation Changer is an EOE






5-plus-years-experience-needed