Our client is the industry leader in developing and providing students and adults with the online tools to explore careers and explore, plan, and apply to colleges and universities, is seeking a Senior Graphic Designer to join their Culver City team. The company pioneered the development of the electronic college application, the electronic transcript, and Internet-based student management systems enabling students to apply to college online.  The Position:  Reporting to the Director of Web Development, as well as working closely with a creative team of other Senior Graphic Designers, the Senior Graphic Designer is responsible for brainstorming creative concepts with the project team, developing and executing original design concepts both in web and print, participating in visual design presentations to clients and internal staff, and designing compelling solutions that align with the overall creative strategy.  The Responsibilities:  Specific responsibilities in this role include:  •A strong command of design principals and conceptual thinking, i.e. typography, user interfaces, site architecture and functionality, etc. •Intimate knowledge, and use of, most current versions of Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Adobe Acrobat, and Word. •Participating in visual design presentations both externally with clients, as well as internally with staff.  •Understanding the business needs of our clients, and having the ability to concept and design compelling solutions that align with overall creative strategy. •Ability to communicate clearly and effectively with a positive, calm attitude. •Strong leadership skills – ability to work with team members like the Client Service Leaders, Program Managers, Developers, etc. as well as independently. •Working well under pressure and meeting, or exceeding, deadlines. •Capable of working flexibly on multiple projects at the same time. •Developing corporate material to best present our company in a professional and visually stimulating fashion.   The Essentials:    Education:  Minimum of a BA degree in Graphic Design  Experience: The ideal candidate will possess a minimum of 3 years experience in the field of Graphic Design, ideally with a deep understanding of the education industry. The following experience would also be beneficial:  •3-5 years of experience working hands-on, with proficiency in CS4/CS5 Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Acrobat, and Word. •Strong leadership, presentation skills, and communication skills – ability to understand and execute design projects efficiently both with an internal team and external clients.  •A solid understanding of designing intuitive site functionality and architecture, user interfaces, strong typography and color presence, print layout, and marketing material. •A positive attitude, with the ability to remain calm on all projects, both with short and long-term deadlines. •Ability to multi-task and work on more than one project at the same time while meeting and/or exceeding both short and long deadlines.  Qualities and Attributes: The successful candidate will have exemplary people skills coupled with the savvy and maturity needed to garner the credibility of senior management.  Additionally, this professional will be a self-starter who goes above and beyond the expected requirements of the role.  He/she must be highly adept at building mutually beneficial relationships that result in value, benefit, and revenue growth for our company.   






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed