CETUSA IS SEEKING COMMUNITY COORDINATORS IN YOUR AREA!  Join a dynamic and caring team! Council for Educational Travel USA, a non-profit student exchange organization, is now recruiting Community Coordinators in your area. Our mission:  “ . . . reaching out to encourage a lifelong journey of global peace and understanding”  REQUIREMENTS:  • Valid driver's license and reliable transportation a necessity. • Telephone and good phone skills a necessity. • Flexible Schedule a plus. • Flexible attitude a must. • Must be able to pass a Criminal Background Check. • Good relationships with school and community a plus! • Experience with teens and/or other cultures a plus! • Attend Training Meetings when scheduled. • Weekly phone contact with Team Leader.  COMMUNITY COORDINATORS HAVE TWO PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:  1. Seek and qualify VOLUNTEER families in your community and assist with their selection of an international student to host. 2. Assist with Arrivals and Orientations. Provide ongoing supervision/support for student, host family, and school during the student's stay, reporting on placement monthly, and issues as they occur. Some of our best coordinators also host international students! Join us as we share our experiences with our communities!  REWARDS: Compensation, international travel incentive and the knowledge that you are making a difference.  Part-Time/Supplemental Income  Interview Questions:  1. This is a contract position. You will be compensated for the students you place in good homes and again for supervising those students when they arrive. Although you will be provided training, do you believe you have the networking skills and knowledge to find good host families in your area who are willing to volunteer their home for a school year?    2. All community coordinators are required to complete a host family registration of their home as part of the training with our organization. Although you are not required to host a student, it may become necessary in an emergency situation for the local coordinator to remove a student from a home and provide a safe place for the student until a new host family can be found. Are you able to meet this requirement?    3. We will provide you with the technical training needed for the position, however, your ability to network in your community, love for talking with people in person and on the phone and commitment to a work schedule weekly is what will determine your success. We are looking for self-starters, people able to work independently and committed to our mission. New coordinators should plan to place three students in their first 30 days. Are you confident you have the skills and ability to achieve this?






part-time-job