Type: Full-time (on-contract possible) Location: DC Metro (Alexandria, VA) - telecommute possible  A small but dynamic non-profit is looking for a PHP/Moodle developer to work on:  - upgrade customized Moodle 1.9 to 2.X (customization in course packages, Scorm, Multi-tenant support)  - add new features and improve usability of the site  - intergation with social networks  - etc  SEEKING:  This job is not for the faint-hearted. We are seeking a highly entrepreneurial type, technically sharp, very organized, and a superb systems thinker and problem solver. Graduate Student are encouraged to apply. You will be contributing to our product, making a name for yourself in Open Source community, while making a difference in the worlds of Tech-Ed.  QUALIFICATIONS:  Ideal candidate is an experienced PHP/LAMP developer with 2+ years of web development experience. Masters CS/MIS graduate or graduating student in CS/MIS from top-tier schools are encouraged to apply. Experience in Moodle or other open source systems is a plus.  You must be a fast learner, passionate about technology and have good interpersonal, oral, written and communication skills.  Work will be performed in our offices in Alexandria, VA, a Washington DC suburb, near Van Dorn Street metro.  COMPENSATION: Salary commensurate with qualifications.     APPLICATION: Send Resume with: Subject: Moodle/PHP Developer  Must include a COVER LETTER (one page maximum) describing why you are the best candidate for this position, specifying your most notable technology accomplishments, how you fit for this role, any unique abilities and your career goals.  NEF is an equal opportunity employer.  ABOUT NEF:  National Education Foundation (NEF), the national and global nonprofit leader in bridging the digital, academic and employment divides through Web-based digital education, is developing several web based initiatives such as: Moodle based Learning Management System (LMS), Facebook/Social network integration to offer training programs to job seeker, providing guaranteed Stimulus job training to million jobseekers, and launching  K-12 CyberLearning STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math) Academies in the Nation's disadvantaged schools. The Foundations’ programs are already helping disadvantaged millions in U.S., India, Egypt, Mauritius and other countries. Websites: www.example.com, www.example.com, www.example.com






ms-or-phd-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed salary full-time-job