EXPERIENCE ONLY CLICK TO REPLY>>  GREAT OPPORTUNITY TO WORK WITH A TOP CALIFORNIA THIRD PARTY ADMINISTRATOR. LOOKING FOR AN INDIVIDUAL TO TAKE THE PROPERTY AND CASUALTY DIVISION TO THE NEXT LEVEL.  GREAT COMPENSATION PACKAGE. CPCU, MBA OR ARM A PLUS.   Job Summary The Executive Vice President of Property and Casualty Claims will lead the transformation of the Property and Casualty Division from its current stage into a mature operation. Specifically, the individual will  ensure  that  The’  Property  and  Casualty  Division’s;  fiscal,  operational,  sales,  marketing, technology and strategies are effectively implemented and delivered.   The Executive Vice President is responsible for providing strategic leadership for the division by working with Senior Executives to establish and execute long-range goals, strategies, plans, and policies.   LEADERSHIP and MANAGEMENT: Attract, lead, coach, develop, and retain high-performing individuals to the division Strong commitment to the professional development of staff; successful track record of recruiting and retaining a diverse team   PLANNING and NEW BUSINESS Design and complete the strategic business planning process for the division.  Build relationships in new markets, which includes insurance carriers, brokers and direct risk management clients Be the external presence in the marketplace responsible for generating enhanced brand awareness and reputation for the organization. Work with sales to assure that their efforts generate target opportunities for the division. Take the lead role in the modeling, design, preparation and facilitation of pricing for the division Performs pricing analysis to support decision making and to execute effective pricing strategies with customers Works with sales to analyze opportunities, develop pricing and to generate comprehensive proposals. Be an advisory on any contracts into which the Corporation may enter.   ESSENTIAL JOB REQUIREMENTS The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.  The VP will be thoroughly committed to the development and expansion of the’ property and casualty division. All candidates should have proven leadership, coaching, and relationship management experience. Concrete demonstrable experience and other qualifications include:      Minimum of a BA, ideally an MBA, with at least 5 years of management experience; track record of effectively leading an outcomes-based organization and staff; ability to point to specific examples of having developed and instituted strategies that have taken an organization to the next stage of growth     Prior Property and Casualty TPA experience ideal; management of a multisite, multi-coverage line organization preferred.     California Adjuster License required.  Additional state licenses a plus     Expertise in general liability, including relevant laws, civil procedure, contract law, property and casualty insurance policies, codes, practices and principals.     Excellence in organizational management with the ability to coach staff, manage, and develop high-performance teams, set and achieve strategic objectives, and manage a budget     Strong written and verbal communication skills; a persuasive and passionate communicator with excellent interpersonal and multidisciplinary project skills     Action-oriented, entrepreneurial, adaptable, and innovative approach to business planning     Competitive, passionate, integrity, positive attitude, and self-directed     Significant marketing/branding experience a must     A financially savvy and astute leader with the ability to set clear priorities, delegate, and guide investment in people and systems; keen analytic, organization and problem solving skills, which support and enable sound decision making.  Welcome to Essential Staffing, where we are profoundly dedicated to recruiting and staffing. Our core values of commitment and integrity drive our intense desire to obtain the best results for our clients, employees, and candidates.  Commitment. Dedication to a long-term course of action. We are committed to acting in the best interests of our clients, candidates, and employees.  Integrity. The quality or state of being of honest and sincere. In our relationships with clients, employees and candidates, we value honesty, fairness, and respect  Results. The consequence or consequences desired. We deliver the best results by doing the basics of our business superbly well.






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job