Job Title: Executive Professional Assistant:   Candidates with Executive Assistant experience will understand the scoop of this career opportunity. Also must be able to multitask, manage internal, and external business acumens!    •Will answer phones, filing, and prepare business related PowerPoint presentations  •Invoice customers, light AP/AR, maintain the managers calendars, and administer travel arrangements   •Keep work space neat and organized  •Must represent the company within a top notch professional manner at all times  •Must be able to work closely with the Owner and Controller   •On behalf of management act as the liaison point of contact while they are away on business  •Excellent listener and interpersonal communication skills   •With hold the ability to take delegation well and be proactive about daily work assignments    Intermediate to Advance computer software skills are essential to this career opportunity and non-negotiable!  1.MS-Office- Word  2.MS Office- Excel  3.MS Office- PowerPoint   4.Photoshop  5.Publisher   6.QuickBooks (not a requirement)  7.Knowledge of other software is a plus    •Bilingual is a plus, but NOT a requirement  •Must be flexible to work overtime without a notice and adhere to a Mon-Fri 8am to 5pm work schedule  •Travel Requirements- This is a temporary to hire job opportunity, once the candidate passes the temp to hire phase and tentatively offered a fulltime permanent position; he/she must be able to conduct business travel with the owner of the company at least 1-2 times a month, with an over night stay of 3-4 days  •¾ time of the job is to be a Personal Assistant to the Owner of the company    Requirements:      •Listening and Communication Skills: You will be expected to follow instruction from your supervisor, and your ability to understand those instructions with little or no follow up will be appreciated by your boss. Also, you might need to relate messages or instructions to others based from your supervisor; therefore, good listening and communication skills ensures that the information is relayed correctly.  •People/Interpersonal Skills: You will be working directly with at least one person: your boss. But you also might be the first line of communication between your boss and the outside world, potentially speaking with clients, other employees and upper management.  •Organizational Skills: Your supervisor will likely rely on you to keep the working day in order. Scheduling meetings, travel plans, billing, etc. will all require you to have terrific organizational skills.  •Computer Skills: Writing emails, transcribing notes, faxing, copying, and creating spreadsheets or printing documents figure heavily in an executive assistant's day.  •Any college related courses are a plus






full-time-job associate-needed