\"Job Description\" The Client Representative via the phone, serves as the main point of contact for core customer base.  Answers customer questions, provides information and builds relationships.  They will consult directly with core customers via phone to answer questions and provide information regarding policies, coverage, company products and services. They work with customers to retain policyholders and builds relationships with new and current customers and proactively recommend products and services to meet their business needs.  They work with Management and the Technical Services Administrator to successfully complete training curriculum and develop knowledge of products and services.    \"Job Requirements\" The Client Representative requires a High School Degree and some college preferred. This position should have 2 or more years of related experience, preferably in insurance, customer service or a college degree. The Client Representative position requires excellent analytical, problem solving and decision making skills.  It also requires excellent interpersonal and telephone skills and ability to navigate various company computer systems.  The ability to develop extensive knowledge of company products and services.   They must have Excellent oral and written communication skills. This position requires obtaining Property and Casualty Lines license within the first four months of employment and requires the ability to meet insurer appointment criteria to represent the company as applicable.   \"Company Overview\" It started when a group of visionaries formed the company in 1946 around a straightforward mission: To offer malpractice insurance to Doctors of Chiropractic at a time when no one else would.   Today, we’ve dedicated ourselves to helping D.C.s through each stage of their career. In support of the profession and our policyholders, we’ve contributed more than $11 million to chiropractic research. And, while not guaranteed, we’re proud to have offered dividends to our policyholders since 1996.   Plus, we offer a comprehensive portfolio of products and services that are among the best known and most respected in the profession.   Expansion and diversification will continue as NCMIC responds to policyholders’ requests and to industry demands. But there’s one thing that won’t change ...   At NCMIC, \"We Take Care of Our Own.\"






2-4-years-experience-needed