Lambert Record Center/ Lambert Relocation www.example.com / www.example.com  Job Type - Sales Mid Level  Job Summary:    The Account Executive's role will be responsible for closing new sales and revenue from prospective and existing customer accounts.  This new position will report directly to the President and will serve as a duel employee for both Lambert Record Center and Lambert Relocation.  　     Key Responsibilities:   Manage and develop accounts for sustained revenue growth (prospecting & qualification)  • Assesses prospective customer’s current and potential needs, determining appropriate products and solutions.  Develops and implements strategies and business plans through understanding the clients business model, planning and decision making channels from understanding the customer's value proposition and ability to explain how they differentiate themselves in the marketplace.    Relationship Management  • Builds customer relationships through strategic conversations to understand organizational business objectives and goals.  Understands and influences a wide range of customer stakeholders while acting as industry expert to the customer.  Partners with key customer decision maker(s) to structure business strategy as it relates to customer requirements. Ensures frequent communication to enable superior customer satisfaction and to keep customer educated on emerging industry trends related to customer’s organizational information management needs. Employs appropriate methods of persuasion when soliciting agreement.  Strategic Account Planning and Pipeline Development:　  • Continuously prospects to develop net new clients, as well as which include expanding existing relationships and products of assigned accounts.  Maintains a consistent ‘pipeline’ the enables meeting and exceeding quota attainment. Activities to support pipeline and account activity include, managing timely detailed responses to RFP’s, tracking activity in SFDC, forecasting, and conducting competitive research.  Account Sales & Revenue Growth:  • Responsible for final account sales and revenue growth through leading negotiation process and ensuring an acceptable on time outcome from a solution proposal, pricing, profitability, liability, and SLA perspective for accounts to meet and exceed quota attainment. 　Responsible for identifying, selling and closing new areas of opportunity, securing resources and driving sales process to assist in scoping and pricing for special projects within net new and assigned accounts.  • The Business Development role will work to partner with the customer on net new opportunities and work through Negotiated and RFP sales processes. 　The Business Development role must understand customer requirements in order to successfully negotiate the contract, partnering with other Iron Mountain departments as necessary. 　Negotiate pricing and SLA as appropriate. 　May be required to perform customer needs and service analysis, make recommendations on appropriate pricing structure and contract requirements, communicate pricing programs, as well as lead and contribute to proposal responses process.  Job Requirements  • Candidates must have a strong background and knowledge of strategic account management, sales process and solution selling. 　  • Must have the proven ability to translate the customer need(s) into solution requirements through creating powerful value propositions and negotiation skills. 　  • Have the ability to influence and negotiate through proven sales skills and needs identification by aligning unique insights to key customer priorities.  • Must exhibit excellent written, oral and presentation skills through power messaging. 　　  • Encompasses strong interpersonal, planning, analytical skills and business acumen for effective decision making.　  • Candidates should be able to make business decisions and think in broad terms, considering the impact to the entire company.  • Proven ability to meet and exceed quota targets.  　  **Competitive base salary plus aggressive commission structure.






salary