We are the #1 Directv Contractor in Pennsylvania!! And now we are expanding to your area!!  Our company installs Directv and satellite internet systems. We are expanding and need some new technicians in this region. This job requires your hard work, it is not something where you can make easy money by just sitting in an office. It doesn't matter what kind of weather, each job needs to be done on a daily basis!! In return, your paycheck will always be ONTIME. We dont play games! We are the best, and we will remain the best, and we can train you to be on the best team.  Best out of all.....nobody is laid off due to lack of work. we always have work, but we only give it out to good technicians!!  Here's what i am looking for:  Hard working Individual  Reliable Truck, SUV, Van(mini van, work van) any king of large vehicle for equipment storage Must pass a drug test and background check (Yes, i said \"must\").  You provide all the required hand tools: hammer drill, drill bits, tool belt, etc.  Must have flexibility to work on weekends, we can rotate your day off as needed.  And most importantly, I need someone that can get the job done professionally.   Pay rate   My techs earn $800-$2200 PER WEEK depending on how quickly they work.  This is a 1099 position, so you will be responsible for paying your own taxes (that means you can write off almost everything!)   For anyone with experience $65/15 for installs, $40/15 for upgrades, $15 for KAKU, $5 SWM. Protection Plan and custom labor charges are paid to you.  You will be paid every Wednesday. The owner of this company came into this industry with no experience, so he understands what it's like to work hard in a dead-end job. We are willing to train anyone looking for a way out, and serious about their future! Our company has alot of potential to move up in mutiple regions.   If this sounds good to you, then simply reply to this posting. Please provide a quick introduction in the body of email. If you submit your resume with no introduction in the email, it will be disregarded. We will get back to you with in 24-48 hours call  XXX  Ask for Troy Serious applicants only!  Thanks Sky King Management






