$14/hr  I. POSITION SUMMARY: The Contract Coordinator is responsible for providing support and assistance to all Contracting Department activities on behalf of all company client IPAs. II.  ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS AND ACCOUNTABILITIES: 1. Adheres to and supports the mission, purpose, philosophy, objectives, policies, and procedures of company. 2. Adheres to the company HIPAA Compliance Plan and the Privacy Standards Confidentiality Agreement. 3. Responsible for obtaining and updating the current health plan contracted provider listings, organizing the information into MSWord, and posting the information on the Contracting Dept intranet for use by the UM Department. 4. Prepares specified monthly provider reports for posting on the Contracting Dept intranet. 5. Runs Crystal and Access Database reports as needed in support of Contracting Department activities.  6. Responsible for all file room maintenance. Creates new files, adds new material to existing files, eliminates outdated or unnecessary material from files, tracks terminated files, tracks files removed from filing room in order to ensure borrowed files are returned, etc. 7. Responsible for coordination and ordering of all Contracting Department supplies, including all CPT, HCPC and Anesthesiology code books on an annual basis. 8. As requested, generates mass mailings of provider contract amendments, using Mail Merge. 9. On an annual basis, responsible for researching which CPT and HCPC Codes have been eliminated from use and creating a report for contractors to use in updating contracts 10. Responsible for mailing completed contracts to providers and oversight of all bulk mailings of contract amendments, immunizations updates, etc.  11. Assists with provider data entry into EZ Cap as needed 12. Assists with Third Party Liability database management and member mailings as needed.  III. MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED: A. Education:  High school diploma or GED required.  B. Experience:  Minimum of 1 year administrative experience in an HMO or IPA organization.  C.  Knowledge, Skills & Abilities:  Strong written and verbal communication skills. Basic computer literacy in current versions of Microsoft Word (including Mail Merge), Excel and Access. Knowledge of office practices and expectations, and good organizational skills. Reasonable knowledge of managed care terminology. General ability to understand provider contracts, coding, claims and medical billing practices. Able to problem solve in a timely manner, set priorities for workload and multitask as needed. D. Certification/Licensure:  None required. IV. TYPICAL PHYSICAL DEMANDS: (reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions). ? Work Location: Indoors, heated/air conditioned office. ? Work Postures: While performing duties of this job, employee is regularly required to use hands to finger, stand, walk, sit, bend, stoop, twist, and reach with hands and arms.   ? Lifting/Carrying: Occasional lifting/carrying of boxes and supplies up to 30 pounds. ? Equipment: Uses personal computer, copy machine, and fax machine on a regular basis. ? Visual Acuity: Works with printed copy along with detail displayed on computer monitor. ? Hearing: Position entails significant amount of talking and listening including regular phone contact, incoming and outgoing. ? Work Hours: Days 40 hours a week, Monday – Friday. Overtime may be required.  V. TYPICAL MENTAL DEMANDS: Incumbent may encounter some stress when performing multiple tasks and assignments under specific timelines. VI. TYPICAL WORKING CONDITIONS:  Typical office environment. Subject to frequent noise volume in a shared office environment with other individuals and office equipment including the background noise of telephones, photocopy machine and computer printers.  Subject to VDT exposure. Work is performed in an office environment. Involves frequent contact with staff and public. 






full-time-job 1-year-experience-needed hourly-wage