Only candidates with one or more years practical paid experience and who are bilingual Spanish will be considered.  1. Obtains, verifies, and records health history of patients. Gathers pertinent health data through physical assessments and biological samples. Records and updates prescriptions.  Collects specimens for laboratory analysis such as Hgb, blood glucose urinalysis, Hg A1C. 2. Keeps exam areas clean and well stocked.  3. Promotes wellness by providing patient education materials, communicating physician advice/instructions. 4. Provides care as part of a patient-centered team approach to health management. 5. Must be a team worker able to move into another area of the clinic as need arise. 6. Schedule medical procedures and referrals 7. Draw blood for accu-checks and in house lab tests 8. Take patient medical histories 9. Update patient medical files 10. Take blood pressure and body temperatures 11. Medical assitants will work closely with LPN/RN to review each patient’s chart to validate appropriate follow-up by the patient in regards to the medication refill request.  If they have not been seen in follow-up as recommended by the provider, then the patient will be contacted to schedule the appropriate follow-up appointment.   12. All nursing staff are to use the virtual Huddle method and if needed meet as a group no less than Once a week either by tasking about patients in the chart or in person at the beginning or end of a clinical session. 13. Also refer to Protocol for handling follow-up of patient care  14. And Medical Records Protocol  - Handling of Telephone messages, patient questions and requests will be entered using a Task and forwarded to the appropriate person. All clinical tasks will be tasked using the TASK PRIORITY as urgent, non-urgent and request using the priority 1, 2, 3. 15. Add, Edit, Delete Care Team Members in Patient record.  16. Initial and complete the referral process  17. Has working knowledge if referral policies and procedures.  18. Maintain a current list of Specialty offices.  19. Communicates with patients and providers on the status of the referral. 20. Maintains a current referral tracking log for all patients.  21. Identify and utilize cultural and community resources. Establish and maintain relationships with identified service providers.  22. Ensure the referrals are addressed in a timely manner.  23. Remind patients of scheduled appointments via mail or phone.  24. Ensure the patient’s primary care chart is up to date with information on specialist consults, hospitalizations, ER visits and community organization related to their health.  25. Answers all telephone calls with professionalism and courtesy in a timely manner.  26. Other duties as assigned.   StayWell is an EEO/AAP Employer






1-year-experience-needed