*ACCOUNTING AND PAYROLL ADMINISTRATOR*  NRI USA, LLC is one of the United States premier distribution service providers, located in Los Angeles, CA. We also have facilities in Kamloops and Surrey, BC.  The majority of our clients are American and European manufacturer of premium apparel and equipment in the active lifestyle market.  We provide the manpower and facilities for them to distribute their product across the US and internationally.  Our business continues to enjoy growth and requires people who want to contribute to its success.  We have one full-time, non-exempt position available for an Accounting and Payroll Administrator.  The position will report into the Accounting Manager.  The individual will be responsible for the following activities (but not limited to): 1. Accounts Payable / Accounts Receivable  * Operate accounting software to record, store, process and analyze information * Ensure compliance with IRS laws and best practices using GAAP * Check figures, postings, invoices, reports and other documents for correct entry, mathematical accuracy, proper codes and approvals * Classify, record, and summarize numerical and financial data to compile and keep financial records * Prepares client invoicing and posts all client invoices into Simply * Prepares and processes bank deposits * Review invoices thoroughly to ensure billings are in accordance with contracts, purchase orders, work orders, packing slips, etc.; ensure prior balances are accurate and all invoices are paid timely * Process checks, attach checks to invoice with all back up and submit for various required signatures * Submit transmittals to Accounting Manager for approval prior to posting * Obtain W-9 for new vendors * Set up new accounts as necessary * Maintains all A/P and A/R files * Conduct the freight bill reconciliation 2. Client services * Process/manage client check deposits, backup and email 3. Payroll Administrator * Conduct final processing and approvals * Process direct deposit information and issue statements of earnings and deductions upon request * Maintains payroll operations by following applicable laws, policies and procedures; reporting needed changes * Manage and sustain a positive relationship with appropriate vendors and payroll service providers * Respond to all requests in a timely and appropriate manner from Management, Employees, the EDD and others * Manage and drive the missed punch log and meal violations while collaborating with HR/Management if there are discrepancies or habitual behaviors * Conduct periodic audits to ensure supervisors are following approval processes * Process garnishment requests upon receipt and maintain records * Issue and record adjustments to pay related to previous errors or retroactive increases * Verify attendance, hours worked, and pay adjustments, and post information onto designated records * Maintain employee records related to payroll in both written and electronic formats (e.g. premium schedules, payroll records, leave status, time cards, deductions, W-4’s, etc.) for the purpose of ensuring records are current and providing an up-to-date reference and audit trail for compliance.  * Preserves employee confidence and safeguards payroll operations by keeping information confidential * Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed * Train new employees on payroll system/employee dashboard if necessary * Collaborate with HR on related payroll issues 4. Administrative Support * Open, sort, and route incoming mail, answer correspondence, and prepare outgoing mail. * Backup HR and Customer Service as needed  Position Criteria 1. Responsibilities and objectives are assigned with considerable freedom for setting of priorities and decision making, using established technical or experiential knowledge, dictated by GAAP and the APA, company practices and procedures.  2. Proven leader who can interpret and articulate clear direction that is consistent with NRI’s Vision, Mission and Values. 3. Excellent negotiating, interpersonal, communication, and planning skills. 4. Desire to continuously learn and keep up to date with new legislation, best practices and company policy as it pertains to the duties of this position. 5. Capability to meet all tasks and responsibilities successfully with minimal supervision and direction  6. Ability to identify complex problems and review related information to develop and evaluate options and implement solutions that make sense.  7. Knowledge of administrative and clerical procedures and systems such as word processing, managing files and records, designing forms, and other office procedures and terminology. 8. Actively look for ways to help people. 9. Ability to give full attention to what other people are saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, not interrupting at inappropriate times and responding with clear, concise, accurate information. 10. Identify information by categorizing, recognizing differences or similarities, and detecting changes. 11. Follow NRI Safety Rules, Safety Procedures, Security Protocol and Standard Operating Procedures. 12. Ability to decipher strings of numbers and descriptions while matching it exactly to information given. 13. Capability to meet all tasks and responsibilities successfully with minimal supervision and direction. 14. Willingness to lead by example. 15. Decisions have a significant effect extending companywide.  Decisions could result in significant gain or loss to internal operations, other employees, client services, achievement of objectives or public image.  Qualifications 1. High School Diploma/GED Required, Associates Degree or higher in Accounting, Finance or other related field preferred 2. Ability to prove Identification and Eligibility to work in the United States 3. 3-5 years of Accounts Payable and Receivable, or bookkeeping experience 4. 2-3 years of Payroll Processing in California 5. CB, ABA, FPC or CPP Certification a plus 6. Sage50 (formally Simply Accounting) experience preferred 7. Familiarity of ADP or other payroll processing programs 8. Intermediate to Advanced MS Excel, Word, and Outlook skills 9. Must be able to sit for extended periods of time while operating a computer and lift up to 20 pounds 10. Bilingual (English/Spanish) preferred but not required  Interested candidates can submit a cover letter and a resumes to Jeanine Wilson, HR Generalist no later than Thursday, January 31, 2013. 






2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job