rpPaq is revolutionizing work, workforce performance, worker satisfaction and workplace communications. This game-changing workplace solution is designed for any organization of any size or industry that’s seeking to “unleash the power of people” in any profession (...or to keep the talented persons currently in place from exiting!).     rpPaq is … a highly effective platform for supervision, … sorely needed analytics for leadership and … potent \"voice\" and empowerment for every worker. rpPaq displaces problematic, frustrating performance reviews, employee surveys and ineffective supervisory training programs. rpPaq remodels work relations. This innovative product is the result of over $30 million R&D spanning the last two decades. Extensive field trials have been completed. Sales method development is in place and proven with the nation’s largest employer, hospitals and small businesses already onboard with big smiles. For more info about rpPaq see: www.example.com.    We’re now ready to begin selling in earnest, so we’re seeking and choosing our first group of independent, dedicated representatives to be the foundation of our initial sales thrust. This mission-critical role will be centered upon sharing the value of rpPaq with executives seeking greater workforce results with far less risk and expense. Our business model is one of recurring workplace census-based revenues. This translates into a generous, on-going, growing revenue sharing with the representative. We seek a few (very) special people who can apply this ground floor moment as a catapult to extraordinary mutual success and wealth-building.    Is this role right for you? Clearly we cannot answer that question at this moment, since we don’t know you. If you’ll share with us why you think you and your qualities are right for us and our prospective clients in your regional or vertical marketplace, or existing professional network, we’ll respond and offer our opinion. If favorable, we’ll collaborate in building a relationship of success together. In sum, we need for you to choose to sell us so that we can better determine if you are right to be selling for us.    A few more informative points:  1) rpPaq is an online solution, so your role will be limited to accessing, qualifying and selling to senior executives. Our operations team will be responsible for all after-the-sale heavy-lifting including client deployments and customer/user support, administration, etc.   2) It’s a blank slate moment… all national markets, metro areas and industry vertical are open. If a chosen representative elects a regional or metro area representation, no overnight travel should be required. Since the role is independent, you’ll set the hours best for your performance and enjoy a high degree of autonomy. We’ve made years of major investments. Now you may be chosen to join our community and create a career/business representing one of the most innovative workplace products ever to (the best of) leaders. There’ll be no salary. The right persons will seek significant recurring, increasing income proportionate to personal performance that's focused to enthusiastically enabling organizational leaders to create better workforce yields.   3) Want to understand the underlying premise of rpPaq? We wrote a book about it: www.example.com  4) It is unlikely that anyone not having qualities that correlate well to accessing executives, being articulate, empathetic and effective in \"leading leaders;\" along with having the depth of character, confidence, integrity, creativity, self-reliance and stamina required for achieving significant wealth will not be successful in this role (and are strongly advised not to pursue this role).  5)Income potential? This would correlate directly to how the right capabilities are applied in personal performance within the potential of a marketplace. That said, we estimate a qualified person offering sustained, strong performance should achieve a low to mid-6 figure annual income as they reach steady state.  It is feasible that an outstanding performer could approach 7 digits.  6) Here’s a phone number for you to share what you offer to us (and more importantly, to our prospective clients):  XXX  No, we’ll not answer personally at this number, but we promise we’ll respond. You need to demonstrate your sales skills in the best way you can proposing why you are the best of our choices.  WE WILL NOT RESPOND TO ANYONE WHO SIMPLY THROWS A RESUME AT US!    We thank you for considering this opportunity. If you think this opportunity might offer the satisfaction and rewards you seek, we encourage you to make a personal proposition about why we could share a great business relationship.






