We’re seeking a marketing intern who will help grow content and contribute to our inbound marketing strategy.  This individual will learn to use HubSpot and/or other online marketing technologies to cultivate, automate and drive various campaigns for 5 O’clock Records (5oCR) business. Reporting to the COO of a small start-up, the Marketing Manager will be a content generating machine and “analytics guru” who will learn to utilize best practices in email marketing, SEO, blog content, and social media to build credibility for our company with our medical office customers and get the word out about our great product.  This position is ideal for a student who is 1) an excellent writer, 2) a quick learner and 3) an aggressive, hands-on individual who is looking to take marketing projects from concept to implementation and management. We're looking for a self-starter!  In return, they'll get an amazing highly supervised experience working with a leading-edge start-up, access to plenty of learning resources and marketing classes (with formalized training sessions at least 2x a week), and a great recommendation for star performance.  We're talking amazing, hands on, all-out learning on inbound (and outbound, if you have interest) marketing! Please note that this is an unpaid internship and does not constitute employment.  However, there may be opportunities for employment post-internship at 5 O'clock Records.  Key Learnings and Responsibilities • Use a mix of email, online marketing, high-quality content generation, paid keyword advertising, and event-based campaigns to drive customer acquisition • Get in the head of our physicians, clinical staff, and administrative support staff customers to generate relevant and meaningful content (blog posts, white papers, power points, tweets, etc.)  • Learn and leverage HubSpot to build effective lead nurturing programs to build and accelerate account acquisition. • Plan and execute lead generation and nurturing campaigns, programs, survey and specialized content. • Analyze campaigns and programs for effectiveness; conduct marketing programs reporting and analysis. • Leverage social networks to enhance campaign performance • Create meaningful content and materials including case studies, blogs, online communications, website copy. Your creativity is an asset! • Learn and manage demand generation aspects of the website • Own and improve customer acquisition efforts with Google Analytics, Salesforce.com, HubSpot, Google Adwords, etc.   Requirements:  • Very skilled writer, superior writing and communications skills (show us a writing sample! or your Twitter account) • Highly-motivated, love marketing and social media  • Hands-on or scholastic knowledge of SEO, online media, email acquisition, affiliate marketing and desire to learn • Creative thinker  Nice to Haves:  • Working toward a degree in marketing, sales, business administration or related discipline (we'd like the training to build on your current work) • Exposure to the healthcare field, and bonus points if you’ve worked or are familiar with the needs of physicians and other healthcare providers   **NOTE: Our office is based in SoHo, NYC, NY, and it is necessary that our intern lives here as they will have direct supervision for this internship. We offer exposure to other start-ups, and will pay big in learning opportunities and a stellar recommendation when the time comes for your next marketing role**






licence-needed