ICON International, an Omnicom company, provides clients with financial solutions built around the concept of corporate barter. We help businesses leverage their underperforming assets by trading those goods for high-value professional products/services. It's a complex and dynamic field, driven by strategy, integrity and creativity.   ICON International, repeatedly named one of the 25 Best Places to Work in Connecticut, is currently seeking a Junior Application Developer to join a development team responsible for delivering customized solutions to internal business users. Candidate will collaborate with senior team members to build highly scalable desktop and web applications. Proficiency in both Windows and Web forms is a must.   Requirements - BS in Computer Science or related area - Proficiency in .NET 4.0+, C# - Familiarity  with SQL Server 2008R2+ - Familiarity with complementary web technologies (Javascript, CSS, etc) - Experience with both Windows Forms and Web Forms - Knowledge of standard concepts, practices, and procedures within Object Oriented (OO) programming - Strong problem solving ability - A self-starter who can work independently under general supervision    Will consider highly proficient recent gradate or solid Junior Developer with <2 years work experience. Strong business analysis and verbal skills are a must, as this position interfaces with users at various levels of the business.  Qualified candidates will demonstrate effective problem resolution skills, communicate technical solutions clearly and effectively and work cooperatively within the Information Technology team.  The position reports to the Chief Technology Officer.  ICON International provides a high-energy growth environment, along with a competitive base salary and excellent benefits including 401(k) and profit sharing. For immediate, confidential, consideration, please reply to this ad. Office is conveniently located in downtown Stamford off of I-95 and a short walk from the train station. For more information about Icon visit our website at www.example.com.






2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job salary