Hi,   We have an urgent requirement for our Direct Client Sr .NET Developer, NJ  Click  Submit Resume   www.example.com  - ETL Tool: SQL Server 2005 Integration Services, Biztalk 2006 & SharePoint 2007 is a plus.  Local candidates preferred.     Bill Rate: Max $60 C2C     Description  Consults with clients and other project team members to design, build and manage websites. Develops installation programs for websites. May negotiate contracts/agreements with software vendors and other internet companies. May require a bachelors degree in a related area and 3-5 years of experience in the field or in a related area. Familiar with a variety of the fields concepts, practices, and procedures (i.e., SQL, C++, HTML, CGI and JavaScript). Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Performs a variety of complicated tasks. May lead and direct the work of others. A wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected. Typically reports to a project leader or manager.   HERE IS WHAT WE ARE LOOKING FOR:  Consultant will participate in the development of several small asp.net web applications. The consultant may be asked to make enhancement and or bug fixes to some of existing applications as a backfill for IT application development resources.   Requirements:  More than four years of experience in all stages Software Development Life Cycle including Requirement Gathering, Analysis, Design, Development, Implementation and Testing of applications using the following technologies:  - Architecture: .Net Framework 1.1; 2.0; 3.0; and 3.5  - Languages: C#(C Sharp), Visual Basic .Net, ADO.Net, Java Script, VB Script, XML  - Transact SQL, Excel VBA macros, PL SQL, (Nice to have WPF)  - Web Technologies: ASP.Net, ASP, Web Services  - Databases: MS SQL Server 2005  - IDE/Version Control: Visual Studio 2003 and 2005; Visual Source Safe  - Reporting Tool: SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services is a must (***********)  - ETL Tool: SQL Server 2005 Integration Services, Biztalk 2006 & SharePoint 2007 is a plus.  James    GraceITs  Phone :  XXX 






supervising-job bs-degree-needed hourly-wage 2-4-years-experience-needed