This is a contract to perm or C2C position. -------------------------------------------------- We are a new york based company and most of our projects are currently in the North East Region. Please be willing to work in this area.  We are currently engaged in a number of challenging client projects that require senior developers and architects with strong fundamentals in software engineering and computer science to address challenging design and deployment problems.  This individual will focus on the the full stack and help shepherd a team of developers to deliver products AND various client projects.  You may be the right person for this team if:   • Hard problems are fun for you  • You are well-read in recent industry trends and technologies  • People come to you to help solve technical problems  • You always want to be on the cutting edge of technology and use it to do things better  • You put a focus on exceptional delivery for your clients  Position Requirements   Candidates must have all of the following experience:  • Extensive OO and Java experience with RDBMS knowledge  • Extensive experience with data implementations, data storage, data access and distribution. • Must have minimum 5 years of hands on experience in OOD, working with design patterns.  • Must have minimum 5 years of hands on development experience with RDBMS, including writing complex SQL queries, views, stored procedure, triggers, etc. Good to have understanding of SQL tuning.  • Understanding of Unix/Windows Operating system.  • Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  • Ability to react quickly to new demands in an ever-changing dynamic business environment.  • Sound Analytical Skills.  • Ability to work under pressure like a ‘swat’ team, producing results in a faster turnaround mode.  • Ability to Multi-task whilst ensuring other key deliverables continues to be met.  • Ability to analyze and explain the risks involved in using, or not using, technology solutions to solve business or organizational problems and not compromising on the architectural direction and vision.  • Ability to work well in a fast pace environment, be flexible and adaptable in a fast changing environment.  • Must have a positive and a can do attitude.  • Must be a self-motivator and be able to work with minimal direction.   Nice to have • At least 1-2 years of hands on experience with Hadoop ecosystem. • Any experience with analytics tools like SAS, R would help  • Any experience with Python/Perl would help • Professional training and/or certification in Hadoop would be a PLUS • Strong understanding of distributed file systems and processing of massive data sets is required • Prior experience involving the implementation of Hadoop is a PLUS • Experience with one or more of the following:  HDFS, Hive, Mahout or YARN






5-plus-years-experience-needed