Do You…  1) Want to be Hero? 2) Have a passion for transforming lives through your creations? 3) Want to join a startup and make things happen in this world?  If so, then read on my friend...  To help make employees healthy, we provide simple, fun, rewarding solutions to companies. We do this through a simple, fun cloud based social game that rewards employees with gifts for getting healthy.  Job Description:  Health Hero’s Innovation Lab is currently seeking a dynamic, motivated super intern interested in gaining some practical experience in leveraging their technical and product innovation skills to help people become healthy in the most fun, simple, and rewarding way possible. The position begins (ideally -- we're flexible) in early January and goes through the end of April 2013.    This unpaid internship requires a commitment of a minimum of 15 hours per week and offers a student-friendly flexible schedule; hours can be worked remotely, and -- per agreement of a reliable schedule at any time during the day, including weekends.  In addition to a number of perks: personal health improvement, self-development & transformation, valuable contacts, access to wellness technologies, etc — interns will have an opportunity to earn a permanent position pending Health Hero becomes funded or independently profitable. You will be supported by a knowledgeable team that is motivated to help you succeed. Growth potential is unlimited. This position reports to the Chief Superhero Officer.  Super Powers Required:  • Positive attitude  • Punctual and dependable • Ability to communicate clearly and effectively • Has great all around health habits • Wants to make meaning in their life by helping to transform others • Into games, super heroes, ninjas, zombies (and other fun geeky stuff) • Driven, self-motivated and goal-oriented.  Super Nice to Haves: (Any of the below)  • Programming Skills: (Ex. Ruby on Rails, MySql, Twilio, RESTful APIs) • Game Development • Semantic Analysis  • Machine Learning • GPS Application or fitness device creation • UX/UI Design or Human Centered Design • HTML, CSS, Jquery Mobile  What You Will Accomplish:  • Lead or help produce text message based health games • Lead or help produce mobile app health video games  • Come up with proof of concept software products that help people live healthier lives • Work with the team to deploy your products to real users • Aggregate user feedback & benchmark data to improve the user experience for the Health Hero product & provide product testing, pre/post release  Are you ready to \"Hero Up\"? 






