Do You…  1) Want to be Hero? 2) Have a passion for transforming lives through your creations? 3) Want to work in a startup and make things happen in this world?  If so, then read on my friend...  To help make employees healthy, we provide simple, fun, rewarding solutions to companies. We do this through a simple, fun cloud based social game that rewards employees with awesome stuff for getting healthy.  Job Description:  The Chief Hero Officer is currently seeking a dynamic, motivated super intern interested in gaining some practical experience in leveraging their business skills to help people become healthy in the most fun, simple, and rewarding way possible. The position begins (ideally -- we're flexible) in early summer last about 3 months.   This unpaid internship requires a commitment of an average of 15 hours per week and offers a student-friendly flexible schedule; hours are worked remotely, and -- per agreement of a reliable schedule at any time during the day, possibly including weekends at times. In addition to a number of perks: personal health improvement, self-development & transformation, valuable contacts etc. You will be supported by a knowledgeable team that is motivated to help you succeed. This position reports to the Chief Hero Officer.  Super Powers Required:  • Positive attitude & persuasive personality • Punctual and dependable • Great analytical (Excel) & presentation skills • Able to do business professional video calls during the day as needed • Ability to communicate clearly and effectively • Referred to by others as \"happy\" and \"healthy\" • Wants to make meaning in their life by helping to transform the lives of others • Into games, fitness, competitions, social networking, mobile & fitness technology (and other fun geeky stuff like superheroes, ninjas, zombies, etc) • Driven, self-motivated and goal-oriented.  What You Will Accomplish:  • Provide marketing, operations, product, and communications support • Work with customer contacts via GoToMeeting/Skype to ensure they are super happy • Aggregate user feedback & benchmark data to improve the user experience for the Health Hero product & provide product testing  Are you ready to \"Hero Up\"?






