BF806 - Systems Analyst (Technical) / Princeton NJ  This is a good opportunity for someone who has good knowledge of System Analysis along with  basic database queries,  IT needs to fill a  Business Systems Analyst Senior position.  The candidate with the necessary knowledge, skills and abilities will need to start as soon as possible.  Work Summary The candidates filling this Systems Analyst position would be hands-on, solution oriented individuals with strong technical analysis and development skills, along with a good understanding of business process, excellent debugging skills and ability to communicate well with business and technical partners, while handling multiple parallel deliverable. Ability to work with multiple external customers and communicate clearly on the technical solution and understanding of business impact is a MUST. The candidate will document software issues encountered in production, analyze the root cause, debug the issue when needed, make configuration changes or provide software updates or document requirements as needed for the IBIS application, and ensure an end-to-end resolution for the production user request or incident. This includes developing java code as well as Oracle SQL or XML and use of some in-house tools, in support of ongoing maintenance releases of IBIS. The candidate will also be involved in documenting changes to existing documentation to help modify existing features of application.  Candidate will have to learn SR&T’s SDLC process which is being rolled out to all development teams to document various artifacts like functional requirements, technical requirements/specifications, implementation details and test conditions documents. Work with system developers, test teams, process managers, and end users to ensure proposed solution is delivered according to schedule and with the required functionality.   Act as liaison between the business units and internal partners/external vendors for assigned projects by communicating accurate and timely updates to all stakeholders and leading reviews of business requirements and solution definition.  Conduct regularly scheduled reviews of production issues to ensure quality and accuracy is delivered to the end-users. Candidate should demonstrate expertise in writing basic database queries to validate date in Oracle 10g database, as well as excellent problem analysis and debugging skills. Candidate must also be an expert in using MS Office tools like MS Word, MS Excel, and MS Power Point.   Responsibilities The ideal candidates will be responsible for: Work closely with end-users, and internal stakeholders including Business Analysts, Development and Software Testing groups to provide creative solutions in response to user request, ensuring timely delivery, with minimal impact to IBIS production operations. Take ownership of specific user requests and ensure that a timely, complete solution is delivered timely to the user. IBIS Systems Analysis Efforts – Facilitate sound, Technical Solutions for Operations issues, Document Functional Requirements, Technical Specifications/Requirements, Test Conditions document, Non-Functional Requirements where applicable. Modify Business requirements if required. Demonstrate strong problem solving ability, logic, and analytical skills. Strong written and oral communication skills are a must. Experience working with customers or in a customer support role is desirable. Maintaining team spirit and a positive attitude. Performing comprehensive preliminary testing and producing all entrance criteria documentation required to promote products under development to Production. Experience, Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities The ideal candidates must have at least 6 - 8 years of progressively diverse systems analysis, documentation and testing experience using Web and XML technologies. The person must demonstrate strong knowledge and experience with the responsibilities outlined above.  The candidates must have significant experience with technologies listed above. Experience with Oracle SQL. Experience with MS Visio and similar tools to document deployment diagrams and use cases. Good interpersonal skills in order to interact with clients, technical staff, and third parties. Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:  A Bachelors degree with extensive coursework in Computer Science or an equivalent combination of education and experience from which comparable knowledge and abilities can be acquired is necessary.






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed full-time-job salary