Position Summary:   The International Client Accounting Services Manager is responsible for coordinating and managing the day-to-day activities of assigned client engagements.  This pivotal role is the central point of contact between HSPs’ Account Management team, the client (which includes working with all levels of management within the client organization), and overseas local service providers (“LSP”), working closely with each group to ensure adherence to standard processes and quality assurance.  This position will coordinate, manage, and review work provided by the LSPs (such as payroll, accounting, bookkeeping, cash management, and monthly financial packages) to ensure seamless and timely delivery of quality services to the client.  This position reports to the Manager of Recurring Services.     Responsibilities:  • Review engagement documents to gain an understanding of a client’s overseas operations requirements and  the overall scope and terms of an engagement;    • Manage quality and smooth delivery of services by ensuring information provided by the client is complete prior to sending to LSP, and review for accuracy all work returned or initiated by the LSP prior to sending to the client;   • Coordinate between the client and LSP on all funding of international accounts for each engagement, ensuring balances in the accounts are sufficient for the monthly cash needs to operate the entity (i.e. payroll, employee expenses, taxes, vendor payments, etc);  • Work closely with LSPs to ensure quality and timely delivery of services such as in-country payroll, bookkeeping, and cash management services such as net payroll, payroll taxes, employee expense reimbursements, and other supplier invoices;  • Coordinate and oversee international payroll and A/P payments processed by LSPs.  Ensure timely submission of any changes to payroll by the client, and review and submit the payroll information to LSPs for processing, and review the final draft before payroll is processed for the client;  • Interface with client, LSPs and US based account relationship management team to address outstanding accounting issues related to monthly operations;  • Review monthly intercompany accounting reflecting the client’s headquarters and its overseas operations.  Ensure accuracy and submit to client with monthly reporting package;  • Oversee bookkeeping management services provided by in-country LSP;  • Review the monthly financial reporting packages produced by LSPs to ensure completion, accuracy, consistency and quality prior to submitting package to the client for consolidation.  (Monthly financial reporting packages include a Balance Sheet, Profit & Loss / Income Statement, Trial Balance, General Ledger detail, Fixed Asset Register, Balance Sheet Reconciliations, and monthly Intercompany Service invoice);   • Coordinate activities related to completion and filing of in-country VAT (or equivalent) returns;    • Coordinate funding of the entity, and oversee all accurate processing of transactions within client bank  account(s) (inter-company wire transfers, etc);    Education/ Skills/Experience:  • BS or BA degree in Accounting, Finance or equivalent;  • 3-5+ years in corporate accounting, participating in month-end close activities, responsibilities including balance sheet reconciliations, journal entries, bank reconciliations, and preparation and/or review of corporate financial statements, or/and 3-5+ in public accounting conducting corporate financial audits is preferred;   • Exposure to intercompany accounts is a plus.  Experience supporting finance and accounting requirements for non-US operations, including consolidations and FAS 52 compliance experience, also a plus;  • Solid understanding of US GAAP accounting requirements;  • Must be able to self-direct, work well in a fast paced team environment and consistently meet deadlines;  • Candidates must possess excellent interpersonal skills, with an ability to quickly build rapport and establish trust and understanding with others;  • Experience interacting with employees at all levels throughout a company is necessary;      • Strong project management and organizational skills are required.   An ability to successfully manage multiple, complex projects and be able to identify and work with details and ensure follow-up and completion, is a must in our fast paced environment;  • Candidates must be experienced in managing work to strict and specific deadlines, and be able to deliver quality work within set timelines;  • Outstanding written, verbal and listening skills are required.  The ability to understand what is communicated orally and an urgency to resolve issues quickly and appropriately is a must;  • Advanced Excel skills (macros, pivot tables, etc.) are required.  Proficiency in MS Word and Outlook is required.  Some experience with ERP systems (e.g. Maconomy), or web-based portal applications (e.g. SharePoint), is  a plus;   • Foreign language skills, cross-cultural competence and awareness a plus;    ABOUT US  High Street Partners, Inc. (“HSP”) is a privately held, venture backed international business services firm.  We provide a range of cross-border services to companies with existing operations overseas or cross-border expansion plans, and assist them with the implementation and ongoing management of international subsidiaries and other entities.  HSP provides a single source for the implementation and ongoing management of international subsidiaries and other entities, including set-up, payroll, accounting, tax compliance, advisory and HR localization services.      Why HSP?  As an International Client Accounting Services Manager at HSP, you can be confident that you represent a RECOGNIZED LEADER in international business services.  Since 2004, HSP has helped the most progressive companies and organizations capitalize on their global expansion opportunities.  Our proprietary solution, HSP OverseasDirect®, simplifies international operations for Finance executives so they can focus on strategic imperatives and gain greater control.     HSP has EARNED A NUMBER OF AWARDS related to its leading presence and rapid expansion in the emerging international business services industry.  Our continued success is due to relentless innovation around our unique delivery model and core set of services, and an unwavering commitment to quality and excellent client satisfaction.   Our Core Values of Respect, Entrepreneurship, Diversity, Accountability, Quality, and Service has enabled us to create a culture that fosters teamwork, collaboration, information sharing and learning, creativity, and a friendly, sociable work environment.      HSP offers employees competitive benefits and compensation, including participation in a rewarding Employee Stock Option Plan.  If you would like to learn more about HSP, please visit us at www.example.com.    High Street Partners, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job