Camp Counselors, Instructors and Coaches  ACA accredited coed camp in northeastern PA, 3 hours from NYC and Philadelphia...celebrating our 91st year....Campers and staff attend from over 25 US states and 15 countries.  General Description Camp Towanda \"all-around\" camp with cultural activities, too. We offer HIGH QUALITY instruction, supervision, facilities and care to our campers. In turn, a sense of security to their families. Quite simply: \"We provide a fun time in a safe and responsible environment with great people.\"   We run a well-rounded, wholesome program for all levels of interests and abilities for kids ages 6-17. Our program is very diversified- Tennis and water-skiing are just as popular as Drama, Arts & Crafts, Rocketry, Radio and Lacrosse! Every department at Camp Towanda is important, valued and professional.   Staff members are required to have completed at least 1 year of college/university, submit qualified references (not from friends or relatives), be interviewed and possess the skill or talent necessary to care, be attentive, supportive and responsible to our children.   Not only do we take pride in our beautiful 200-acre facility, but our superb and dedicated staff. The role of a counselor varies. Department heads, specialists, group leaders, general counselors and kitchen staff all play a vital role as being part of the nucleus of the camp experience. Applicants must be patient, fun-loving, spirited and genuinely concerned with the welfare and development of young people. In fact; we only look for staff members who will serve as role models for our campers.   The role of a camp counselor encompasses a lot of different areas and the hours are extensive. You need major stamina! There is not much down time for the entire summer. It is also an experience of a lifetime. You will develop lifelong friendships here. The majority of our staff comes back for several years.   Our Ideal candidate  should have completed a minimum of 2 years of university by the start of camp....but we will consider those with less. ....applicants should have experience in a program area to assist or lead.....previous experiences working with children is esssential. We look for staff to be positive role models with abilty to set great examples for their campers in a fun loving setting.  Call us at  XXX  for additional information.  Visit our website www.example.com   






associate-needed