Liberty Hotel Group is seeking an Assistant Manager to Manage the day to day operations for a small 42 rooms select service hotel located in McPherson, Ks. This position requires a dynamic individual who can work various shifts, and can oversee the entire operation.  Job Duties: •Manages all aspects of the hotel in the absence of the General Manager. •Functions as an administrative link between and among departments. •Monitors internal cost control procedures. •Coordinates and implement training programs with the General Manager. •Assists the General Manager in developing and implementing action plans to improve hotel products and services. •Monitors safety conditions and employees’ adherence to safety procedures. Updates Emergency plans and procedures and assures that effective training for these programs is Conducted in all departments. •Receives, investigates, and acts upon complaints from guests and employees. Respond to all guest feedback surveys. •Assures that the hotel’s preventive maintenance and deep cleaning program is being maintained and documented. •Participates and maintain an on-going, documented, facility inspection throughout the hotel to assure that cleanliness, safety, and other standards are consistently, referred to as the  Managers Room Inspections Program. •Prepare Schedules for direct supervision departments, and review schedules for indirect supervision departments. •Place orders for in room guest supplies, food & beverage, office supplies, and any other supplies to effectively operate the hotel. A Monthly Inventory and order is placed typically within the first week of each calendar month. •Act as a “fill in” where needed if an employee can not appear for a scheduled shift, or must leave during a shift, and an alternative staff member may not be found. You will work the shift, and adjust your administrative hours for the following days to stay within permitted hours. • Maintain a neat and organized filing system for all AR, Hotel, and related documents.  * Check log book daily & follow up on any issues * Monitor Medallia & Wynreview respond to all reviews and take corrective action when necessary * Work Front Desk shift 2 Days in workweek, and when a “fill in” is needed as described above * Prepare AR invoices & send to customers, post AR payments, and Balance AR accounts including corporate lodging. * Check Proto Base for any unsettled transactions weekly * Walk Property exterior and common areas daily and inspect for issues, take corrective action, and report deficiencies to the General Manager. * Review Maint. Dept Activity Log book on a weekly basis, report to General Manager on progress, or lack of. * Prepare work schedule for Front Desk, Maintenance, and Housekeeping on a weekly basis, at least one to two weeks in advance of current work week.  This is an Hourly Based Position. Relocation assistance is NOT provided. 






hourly-wage supervising-job