We are Empire Today, LLC, an award winning leading home improvement and home furnishing shop-at-home Company; featuring quality name-brand Carpet, Flooring and Window Treatments with next day installation. We are experiencing tremendous growth and we are seeking dedicated, enthusiastic Outside Sales Representatives to join us! Our positions are 100% commission with unlimited earning potential. Average earnings are $50-$70K nationwide with our top performers making over $100k!    Here’s why our Outside Sales Representatives choose us!    • Receive pay while you learn the business and ongoing managerial support  • We provide warm leads with pre-set, pre-qualified appointments! No cold calling!  • High closing % because our customers are calling us!  • Commission payout every week!  • Bonuses for self-generated leads, referrals, and cross selling (in addition to the extra commission for those leads)!  • Weekly spiff bonuses and Incentive trips and prizes!  • All sales materials, business cards, and samples provided  • Opportunity for advancement!    This exciting opportunity is for the highly entrepreneurial, honest, and driven individual who is customer service focused and wants to manage their own business! You will be able to demonstrate your strong communication, presentation, and negotiating skills as you respond to the unique needs of each customer. So, if you are really motivated and a closer, we want to talk to you! Apply today!    Outside Sales Representative (In Home Sales)   As our Outside Sales Representative, you will be spending time with customers in their homes to determine their needs and discussing flooring options, while providing quality customer service.   • Ability to create self-generated leads   • Weekly motivational meetings available  Outside Sales Representative (In Home Sales)   As our Outside Sales Representative, you should have a background in providing quality customer service necessary for this position.  Additional requirements of our Outside Sales Representative include:  • Sales and design experience a plus, but not required  • Must be ambitious and results oriented   • Flexible schedule available working days, evenings, or Saturday mornings  • Ability to accommodate part time hours  • All Sales Representatives are independent contractors and are responsible for incorporating within 60 days    For more information or to apply: Please contact our National Sales Recruiter: Dene’ Jolly at  XXX  X 2239     www.example.com






