Company Overview: iMirus is a dynamic and fast paced technology company headquartered in Tulsa, OK. iMirus offers a turnkey solution for its clients and partners with a cloud-based Marketing and Communications Publishing Platform, creating Online and Mobile (Smartphone & Tablet) Editions of Magazines, Periodicals, Catalogs, Books, Annual Reports, Promotional Collateral, and any other printed material. As a leader in the fast growing digital publishing and marketing communications industries, iMirus offers significant career growth opportunities.  Job Description:  The Channel Marketing Manager is a high impact member of the marketing team that defines, implements, and manages the channel marketing initiatives -- specifically the iMirus Resellers (iR), White Label Accounts (WLA), and TouchPoint Alliance (TPA) distribution channels. We are seeking a highly motivated team player, with a passion for smartphone and tablet technology, sales enablement, and marketing excellence. This position is responsible for training and motivating our channel partner ecosystem to take iMirus products to market. This position must have a deep understanding of corporate marketing, field marketing, and channel sales. Key responsibilities include raising awareness, creating demand, ROI analysis, launch communications and ensuring go-to-market readiness for the channel and strategic technology partners.  Responsibilities include:  • Develop and execute corporate and field marketing initiatives, programs, communications and sales tools to drive market adoption and channel revenue goals (IR, WL, TPA). • Increase qualified leads coming to channel partners by executing on results-driven joint marketing programs. • Follow programs through to completion by monitoring follow up of leads and completing post-program ROI analysis. • Own management of channel deal registration and incentive programs. • Plan and execute tactics to increase recruitment of new partners such as webinars, email marketing and inbound marketing to meet quarterly lead and opportunity goals. • Promote the use of consistent marketing campaigns throughout the channel. • Assist sales team in the development of actionable and measurable programs for the recruitment of new channel partners. • Own Channel Communication and Training: Support and deliver monthly sales training programs as required. Own the writing and editing of partner communications. Plan and execute channel marketing collateral and sales tools. Conduct live training webinars for our channel partners. • Own reporting, forecasting for channel marketing initiatives: Forecast, measure, analyze, and report on the impact of channel marketing programs. Ensure accurate reporting of reseller performance Develop measurement process for all activities with monthly and quarterly roll up. • Work directly with other members of the marketing team to execute the following: Integrated and direct marketing activity directed at resellers, prospects, and customers. Research, select, design, and manage live events to be included as tactics in the overall marketing mix, ensuring there is a cohesive pre-event, at-event, and post-event strategy to increase engagement and response rates. Plan and manage regional events and tradeshows, including pre-, on-site, and post-event marketing. • Work closely with channel partners and sales to support channel events with materials and content. • Manage channel marketing programs on time and on budget. • Participate in relevant social media including presence and posting on LinkedIn and Twitter.  Requirements: • BA/BS degree preferred or an equivalent combination of education and experience.  • 6+ years of experience in a B2B tech marketing role, with at least 3 years of experience in channel marketing.  • Prior experience with a broad, complex technology product portfolio  • Highly motivated individual who thrives in a fast-paced team environment and is readily adaptable to changing market and organizational requirements.  • Working knowledge of distribution channels specifically in the higher education, healthcare, or financial services marketing  • Experience developing turnkey channel marketing and lead generation programs, with in-depth knowledge of all marketing media.  • Experience with channel programs including reseller, incentive, and loyalty programs  • Exceptional writing skills.  • Excellent analytical and communication skills, with ability to develop marketing content and reports that communicate program results.  • Strong project, collaboration, and interpersonal skills.  • Successful track record in channel marketing  • Deep understanding and passion for Internet technologies and online marketing strategies and techniques.  All interested individuals should submit their resume and salary history






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed