Position is based in Palm Coast, FL. Sales Representative - Advertising Sales Executive The Holley Group – Palm Coast, FL   Overview: The Holley Group is looking for a dynamic, experienced Advertising Sales Executive with a strong track record of closing deals and generating sales specifically related to magazine advertising sales. Our current focus is on print and web B2C and B2B advertising in the Flagler, Volusia, and St. Johns, Fl Counties.  The right person will join a growing company headed by an experienced Fortune 500 market leader and find ample opportunity for expansion and success.  The Holley Group offers a competitive base pay and commission structure, with paid holidays, paid vacation, and a 401K plan.  Job Description: The Advertising Sales Executive position is integral to the success of the Company and must have the ability to identify, develop, and grow a client base from a variety of internal and external sources with a heavy focus on increasing revenue by expanding sales for print and web advertising in Flagler, Volusia, and St. Johns counties.   The Advertising Sales Executive will own the process from lead generation to deal closing, and will participate in developing company sales strategies.    Responsibilities include:  • Handle the sales process from introduction to closing and contract submission • Generate new sales leads and opportunities • Identify accounts and sales strategies • Prepare and present proposals • Develop and maintain relationships with clients • Meet or exceed sales expectations • Maintain and provide accurate and timely sales forecasts and information • Attend weekly meetings and communicate with SVP of Business Development as required  Requirements: • 2+ years in a magazine advertising sales position • Solid understanding of the Flagler County business market—candidate should reside in St. Johns, Flagler or Volusia County • Track record of closing deals and generating sales specifically related to magazine advertising sales • Expert ability to communicate and present comfortably at the C-level and to various Corporate functions (i.e. Marketing, IT, HR, Operations) • Must be able to present value proposition clearly and persuasively • Solid interpersonal, organizational, and selling skills with team leadership experience • High proficiency with the Microsoft office suite, ability to create and deliver presentations • Currently using smartphone and tablet /Early adopter of technology & high comfort level with smart phones and tablets.   Education: • Minimum AA/AS or equivalent work experience required  Company Overview: The Holley Group is a marketing innovation and executive consulting firm that helps organizations engage their customers, channels and/or constituents more effectively to achieve “Customer Intimacy” and drive top-line revenue growth.






2-4-years-experience-needed associate-needed