Bandwidth is a nationwide supplier of voice and data communication services to  small and medium sized businesses. As a complete business communications  provider, we offer IP voice (VoIP), hosted VoIP, data and managed network services,  powered by our nationwide, 100% IP voice network.      Job Summary: Lead integrated marketing function, including brand strategy, public relations, lead generation and online advertising to acquire U.S.-based small and medium business customers for newly emergent mobile business unit. Position, message and promote mobile phones, applications and wireless services to minimize cost per acquisition, maximize conversion, drive cross-selling and continually improve return on advertising spend.    Specific Responsibilities:  Create and maintain online media campaigns to achieve subscriber acquisition targets within monthly budget across all acquisition channels, including search engine marketing (SEM), search engine optimization (SEO), affiliate marketing, email marketing, display advertising, social media acquisition.  Ensure through tracking, measurement and analysis of cost per acquisition (CPA) and CPA to lifetime customer value (LTV) ratio. Continually study key metrics to optimize media placement, campaign implementation and sales funnel yield.  Devise programs and supporting procedures to support cross-selling of mobile business unit products and services by other Bandwidth BUs (i.e. Voice, Data and Wholesale). Collaborate with functional peers across the company to maximize collective opportunity.  Evolve and maintain phoneboothmobile.com website, social networking presence and other online properties to achieve mobile subscriber acquisition goals.  Define and implement creative promotions and public relations tactics to support subscriber acquisition goals. Manage existing PR agency relationship within monthly budget.  Manage cross-functional team of several direct report employees, third party vendors as needed and centralized/matrixed in-house experts to achieve business unit marketing objectives. Ensure proper training and career development for marketing employees.    Requirements  Bachelor's degree is required.  Minimum of 6+years total marketing work experience, 2+ which in the specific field of online lead generation, subscriber acquisition or (client side) online advertising.  Knowledge of and experience marketing to buyers within small and medium businesses a very strong plus. No mobile/wireless or telecom experience required.  Comfortable using Marketo lead management, Salesforce.com CRM, and Google Analytics  Creative thinking, quantitative analysis, buying online media, management of departmental and advertising budgets, vendor management, managing people, presenting to internal and/or external audiences.    Grow your career with us!  We offer an award-winning work environment that is fast-paced, innovative and entrepreneurial.  We are family-friendly and fun.    • We pay 100% for benefits coverage for Medical, Dental, Vision, Prescription, Life and Disability  • Our 401(k) program matches 100% up to 3%  • Paid Time Off (PTO) and Holidays  • Extended lunch periods for employees participating in fitness and sports programs    We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. 






bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed