IT Support Specialist  Volke Consulting Ltd ~ Greer, South Carolina As an employee with our company, you will have the opportunity to work within one of the most prestigious automotive manufacturers in the world.  This position/plant is located in the southeast of the United States.  Salary: 42k - 50k  Responsibilities: Provides administrative support to the Production Systems Vehicle Plants GB, SA, USA department and the Information Technology department at Plant Spartanburg.   Provides administrative support to the Vice President of IT for the Americas and the Information Technology departments in the department.  • Support Analyst manages, leads, and directs operational activities and resources across all the IT Departments in the Americas to efficiently ensure operational availability to support the IT processes and operations.  • Supports the operational processes for IT Americas group to ensure efficient operations, manages associate activities to ensure adherence to processes within IT.  • Responsible to effectively communicate operational and organizational changes to internal and external support.  • Manages and monitors regularly open issues regarding operational changes, policies, communications, and outstanding system issues.  • Represents the IT Department in assuring local process and policy compliance in each business unit in the USA.  • Provides technical support for German communications translations to local management. Manages processes, provides root cause analysis and resolutions to operation and project issues as necessary.  • Responsible for supporting the coordinated management of multiple related projects and work packages.  • Works with constituent Project Managers to monitor project cost, schedule, and technical performance of component projects and operations, while working to ensure the ultimate success of the projects.  • Generally responsible for determining and coordinating the sharing of resources among their constituent projects and operations to the overall benefit of resource optimization.  • Facilitates Global Department and Operational meetings with Germany and across the Americas.  • Supports many of the business processes such as Purchase requisitions, Goods Receipts, Invoices, etc. Works directly with the Purchasing department to tender new services as well as recurring services.  • Maintains an adequate inventory of IT and office supplies and replenishes as required.  • Ensures accurate time sheets are maintained by all consultants.  • Coordinates, maintains, and supports activity, information and report generation for the Contractor Management System.  • Maintains accurate department documents and records for the prescribed retention periods.  • Maintains accurate time not worked records for all department associates.  • Ensures that sufficient quantities are maintained on purchase orders and/or outline agreements and that they are renewed before they become depleted.  • Manages all incoming and outgoing mail for the department.  • Acts as the information protection delegate for the department.  • Acts as the IT key user representative for the department.  • Coordinates and ensures accruals and provisions are made for department costs at the end of the financial month.  • Supports department manager/s and section managers in the preparation and submission of quarterly financial forecasts for department.  • Supports department manager/s and section managers in the preparation and submission of annual financial budget for the department. Performs other duties as assigned by operations supervisor  Education: High School Diploma or GED equivalent.  Associate Degree a plus.  Qualifications: B) Experience: 3+ years experience in an administrative role in a large company. C) Training: As applicable, per training guidelines. Disciplines: • German Language skills:  Fluency (written and verbal) required • Basic = experience with SAP R/3 (preferred) • Basic = experience with web technologies • Basic = bookkeeping/accounting experience • Intermediate = computer and MS Office software experience • Advanced = ability to multi-task. • Advanced = administrative skills • Intermediate = 1-3 years interpersonal and communication skill experience • Excellent oral and written communication skills in English  This position is for a long term renewable contract with an excellent hourly rate including superior benefits including but not limited to medical, dental, vision, FSA and 401k along with paid holidays and vacation days.  Please apply ONLY if you fulfill the above mentioned minimum requirements.  Volke Consulting Ltd






2-4-years-experience-needed salary supervising-job