Supplier Quality Engineer  Volke Consulting Ltd ~ Tuscaloosa, Alabama As an employee with our company, you will have the opportunity to work within one of the most prestigious automotive manufacturers in the world.  This position/plant is located in the southeast of the United States.  The Senior SQA External coordinates and manages supplier quality systems for Plant Toscaloosa purchased parts (worldwide).  Develops and approves new supplier’s quality and production systems to ensure that the purchased parts met product specifications.  Integral part of new product launches including both supplier and parts development for manufacturing.  • Supports the Module Quality Engineer(s) in advanced quality planning activities such as: risk assessment, product and process development.    • Leads launch projects after hand over to Supplier Quality Assurance  ensuring compliance with specifications. • Communicates with other Plants in the worldwide Network including joint problem solving.      • Executes the process series before SOP (Start of Production) with the suppliers (world-wide).  • Manages the ISIR (Initial Sample Inspection Report) releases for assigned products.   • Develops new and challenging supplier's quality and production systems.    • Approves and reviews the monthly supplier rating.    • Executes product and process audits due to occurred errors and supplier rating results and initiates counteractions and counteraction verification.     • Leads quality problem solving process for supplier related issues.   • Audits the quality management system at the supplier location(s).   • Validates start up ability for new parts/processes.    • Manages the part approval process for assigned suppliers.   • Coordinates reduction of supplier related warranty claims via Defect Eradication Process.  • Participates in internal warranty reduction problem solving teams regarding purchased parts.   Performs other duties as assigned by operations supervisor.  Qualifications B) Experience: 6+ years (5+ years with a Masters degree) of professional experience in the related part technology and/or processing.  D) Licenses and/or Certifications:   Certified Quality Management (CQM) and Certified Quality Engineering (CQE) (preferred).       Education BS degree in Engineering or related field, or 4 years of professional quality process/components experience in an automotive manufacturing environment.  Discipline Advanced =  experience in advanced quality planning techniques including PFMEA, control planning, process flow diagramming, process auditing techniques, and PPAP Advanced =  experience in advanced statistical techniques such as capability and standard deviation studies to calculate process variation Advanced =  experience with MS Word, Access, Excel, etc. Written and verbal German skills (preferred)  This position is for a long term renewable contract with an excellent hourly rate including superior benefits including but not limited to medical, dental, vision, FSA and 401k along with paid holidays and vacation days.  Please apply ONLY if you fulfill the above mentioned minimum requirements.  Volke Consulting Ltd






5-plus-years-experience-needed licence-needed