Qualification Requirements:   Bachelor of Science degree in an engineering discipline from an accredited college or university and 5 years of experience as an engineer at facility or a minimum of 6 years experience in the design and application of engineered offshore drilling and production equipment, preferably in an oilfield equipment manufacturing environment. Excellent communication skills are required, both written and verbal.   Desired Qualifications:   Previous Project Engineering experience, experience in the design of more than 1 product line in the oil field, fluent in more than 1 language.   Position Description:   Reports to and works with an Engineering Manager or a higher level engineer (as defined by the manager) and is responsible for performing engineering activities as defined in procedures and work instructions. Primary duty is to lead the technical team on a given project. Responsibilities include working with the customer, Project Sales, and Project Management on technical clarifications as early as possible in the project, possibly to include the bid phase, and generally being the technical point of contact for the project. Also leads the technical meetings associated with the project when company is responsible for the meeting. Other duties include ensuring the system is technically sound across product lines and across vendors and other suppliers whose equipment we interface with. The Project Engineer also needs to be able to anticipate likely areas of technical concern for the project and help develop solutions to those concerns. Duties also include being a support engineer for any phase of the project. Activities could include things like drawing reviews, calculations, procedure writing/reviewing, supporting manufacturing, working with Service department, and generally support any technical issue that arises. Advanced understanding of qualification testing, FAT's, and SIT's is also needed, as is understanding of applicable industry standards and recommended practices. Willingness to gain training and/or work permits required to support working offshore or locations needed by the project.      






supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed