About Us:  Our skilled nursing service’s resident-focused approach provides those who have suffered from a prolonged acute or chronic illness or have recently been injured or undergone surgery with the best care possible. In these cases, residents' conditions are often stable, but they continue to require assessment and treatment. And whether it’s nutritional support or assistance with self-care and the activities of daily living, our team is committed to meeting the needs of each resident at every stage of recovery.  Our full range of rehabilitative services assist residents with physical, cognitive, psychosocial, and/or communication impairments. Respiratory, physical, occupational, and speech therapy programs use the coordinated efforts of an interdisciplinary team to contribute to each resident's rehabilitation – helping to ensure a successful return to home or work.  Purpose of Your Job Position:  As a Consulate Health Care Customer Service Associate, you are entrusted with the responsibility of caring for our residents, families, coworkers, visitors, and all others; as well as demonstrating in all interactions, Consulate Health Care’s five core values of Compassion, Honesty, Integrity, Respect, and Passion. The primary purpose of your job position is to perform clerical support in an efficient manner in accordance with established procedures, and as directed by your supervisor. You are entrusted to provide innovative, responsible healthcare with the creation and implementation of new ideas and concepts that continually improve systems and processes to achieve superior results.  Job Functions:  As Customer Service Associate, you are delegated the administrative authority, responsibility, and accountability necessary for carrying out your assigned duties. Responsible in representing the company in a positive manner while greeting visitors, answering telephones, and directing calls. Works in close coordination and cooperation with all areas of the facility relative to providing quality customer service on a consistent basis. Also provides clerical support to staff as needed. No direct supervisory function. This job description does not list all the duties of the job. You may be asked by the supervisors or managers to perform other duties. You will be evaluated in part based upon your performance of the tasks listed in this job description at anytime. This job description is not a contract for employment, and either you or the employer may terminate employment at any time, for any reason.  Duties and Responsibilities:  •Receive and follow reception schedule/instructions from your supervisor and as outlined in our established policies and procedures. •Operate paging/telephone system as required. •Answer telephones; determine nature of call and direct caller to appropriate individual or department. •Receive request from within the facility and locate personnel through paging system. •Receive inquiries and release information in accordance with established policies and procedures. •Maintain a current file/listing of residents by name and room number, emergency phone members of on-call personnel, department extensions, key personnel, etc. •Greet visitors. Direct to appropriate office and/or resident room, with tact and courtesy in a professional, positive manner. •Give directions/information to visitors, guests, residents, sales representatives, etc. •Offer beverages to visitors waiting for administrative personnel, as appropriate. •Issue and collect identification badges as representatives sign in/out. •Report suspicious persons/information to supervisor immediately. •Receive, sort, and distribute mail as directed. •Operate computer, copier, office machines, etc., as directed. •Assist department directors in administrative matters. (i.e., typing reports, correspondence, etc.) •Agree not to disclose assigned user ID code and password for accessing resident/facility information and promptly report suspected or known violations of such disclosure to the Executive Director. •Agree not to disclose resident’s protected health information and promptly report suspected or known violations of such disclosure to the Executive Director. •Report any known or suspected unauthorized attempt to access facility’s information system. •Accept job applications and forward to appropriate department heads. •Organize work to be addressed by receptionist on other shifts. •Announce emergency codes and instructions over public address system required. •Attend inservice training sessions and other facility meetings, as directed. •Embrace Consulate Health Care’s five core values of compassion, honesty, integrity, respect, and passion, and incorporate them into one’s daily job function. •Demonstrate respect and compassion in every interaction. •Conduct oneself with the highest degree of honesty and integrity in every interaction. •Demonstrate a passion for caring as evidenced by interaction with co- workers, residents, families, and visitors. •Create and maintain an atmosphere of warmth, personal interest, and positive emphasis, as well as a calm environment throughout the facility. •Follow all established safety procedures and precautions when operating office equipment. •Report equipment malfunctions or breakdowns to your supervisor as soon as possible. •Follow established ergonomics policies and procedures governing lifting techniques, repetitive tasks, and the use of safety equipment and supplies to prevent work-related injuries and illnesses. •Ensure administrative supplies have been replenished in work areas as necessary. •Ensure that work/assignment areas are neat, clean, and office equipment is covered before leaving such areas on breaks, end of workday, etc. •May be trained and assigned to perform the Customer Care Liaison duties as needed. •Perform other duties, as assigned. Resident Rights:  •Maintain the confidentiality of all resident care information including protected health information. •Report known or suspected incidents of unauthorized disclosure of such information. •Knock before entering a resident’s room.






