Description To install, troubleshoot, repair, and maintain equipment systems in accordance with cords, diagrams, sketches, operation manuals and manufactures specifications using hand tools, power tools and precision- measuring and testing instruments.   DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES (not listed in any particular order)  -Visually inspects & listens to machines & equipment to locate causes of malfunctions. -Diagnoses electronic, electrical, mechanical, pneumatic & thermal machinery problems.  -Dismantles machines & equipment to gain access to problem area. - Inspects & measures parts to detect wear, misalignment, or other problems. - Removes, replaces worn or defective parts, realigns & adjust components of machines. - Starts machines & equipment to test operation following repair. - Procures repair parts - Repairs broken parts & performs all repairs in an efficient, safe & timely manner. - Sets priorities & schedules repairs/maintenance according to prod./customer demands. - Documents repair/preventative maintenance history  - Performs other duties as assigned by supervisor. - Maintains inventory levels according to machinery breakdown histories.  JOB REQUIRMENTS -Must have seven (7) years facility and machine maintenance with knowledge of mechanical, electrical, electronic, PLC, hydraulic and pneumatic systems. -Read and interpret complex circuit schematics/ diagrams and blueprints -Experience with the maintenance and repair of CNC machinery, both lathes and mills is a must. -Specific knowledge and experience working with machine tool brands such as Mori Seiki, Doosan, and Femco. -Knowledge of machine tool controls such as Fanuc and others is required. -Knowledge of a specialized field such as machine tool manufacture, installation, operation, maintenance and repair, and or/ a board shop background. -Excellent communication, interpersonal, and organizational skills.   This job description is a general description of essential job functions. It is not intended as an employment contract, nor is it intended to describe all duties someone in this position may perform. All employees of American Block are expected to perform tasks as assigned by supervisory personnel, regardless of job title or routine job duties.






5-plus-years-experience-needed