Would you like a career that inspires you, energizes you and allows you to achieve great things? We are looking for a positive, organized person for a position in as Glenwood Springs, Colorado as the Roaring Fork Area Manager.   Qualifications Necessary 1) MUST have permanent housing and currently reside in Glenwood Springs, Carbondale, Basalt, El Jebel, Aspen, Silt, or Rifle, Colorado. 2) Janitorial and Janitorial Supervisory experience of 2 + years. 3) Must be Bilingual (Spanish & English) 4) Must have valid Colorado drivers license with little or no violations for the past 7 years. 5) Must have a clean background check  Personal Skills Necessary:   1) Strong communication skills when working with clients and co-workers.   2) Optimistic and cheerful personality with the ability to control elevated situations with effective communication.   3) Confident and knowledgeable decision maker to determine appropriate solutions to issues quickly and impartially.   4) Advanced computer skills with a desire to learn about using technology to increase efficiency and quality with clients, employees and co-workers.   Job Duties: 1) Managing cleaning crews and personnel 2) Hiring and training custodial personnel. 3) Creating and maintaining employee work schedules. 4) Meeting with new and existing clients. 5) Fill in janitorial services as required.  Will train in all area including the following: 1) Establishing and implementing employee training and safety programs 2) Current inspection and quality control submitting procedures 3) New Hire and Employee Training Procedures  Wages, benefits, bonuses, and advancement will depends on experience,job performance, attitude and extra responsibilities accepted.  USCP is a smoke-free work environment.   - Please send resume and you will be called for an interview.  - Click Here to send an email with your information and experience: www.example.com  - Or call  XXX  for application and address of interview offices.






2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job