Destination Maternity Corporation is the world's largest designer and retailer of maternity apparel.  In the United States and Canada, as of February 28, 2011, Destination Maternity operates 2,380 retail locations, including 678 stores, predominantly under the trade names Motherhood Maternity®, A Pea in the Pod®, and Destination Maternity®, and sells on the web through its DestinationMaternity.com and brand-specific websites.  Destination Maternity also distributes its Oh Baby by Motherhood® collection through a licensed arrangement at Kohl's® stores throughout the United States and on Kohls.com.  In addition, Destination Maternity is expanding internationally and has exclusive store franchise and product supply relationships in India and the Middle East.  Public Relations Manager   As an integral part of our Marketing team, the Public Relations Manager promotes Destination Maternity brands in both print and broadcast media outlets. This position requires daily communication, both verbal and in writing, with key editors, stylists and bloggers as you will be responsible for press releases, fashions sends, analyzing promotional values, celebrity bookings, and press kit creation in addition to other related press and editorial responsibilities.  Job Responsibilities:  * Write all consumer press releases, e-mail blasts for all brands, new products, store openings, and partnerships.  * Respond to fashion request for placement in Pregnancy and Lifestyle Publications.  * Pack and ship samples ensuring timely arrival and returns. * Follow-up on jpeg requests and detailed descriptions and information on all pieces that were placed to ensure proper credit. * Prepare monthly report comparing the results of print/broadcast impressions and publicity value. * Update Media Room Information. Including, learning Studio calendars and welcome screen: seasonal images, store opening information, partnership news, executive bios and corporate information. * Editorial placements in national publications or broadcast. * Interface with outside agencies to drive publicity placements. * Coordinate interviews and schedule accordingly. * Pitch brands as appropriate * Organize Broadcast/TV shoots and prepare spokesperson with tools for a successful taping. * Meet with editors to promote brands for potential story placements and build on relationships * Maintain and update fashion closet to keep sends fresh and to expedite requests. * Order, store and keep inventory on printed materials and collateral for Publicity Department. * Update Press Kits with financial reports, fact sheet, press releases and print placements as necessary.  Qualifications and Special Skills Required: * Bachelors Degree * Minimum 4 years prior experience within a Public Relations and/or Marketing capacity * Prior retail industry experience is preferred * Excellent consumer and business writing skills are essential for success in this role * Ability to multitask, handling a variety of projects at the same time * Proven ability to communicate effectively with colleagues of all levels including sr. management  Benefits: * Competitive health and welfare benefit insurances * 401(K) * Employee Stock Purchase Program * Vacation/Sick/Holiday/Personal time * Merchandise Discount  Destination Maternity is an Equal Opportunity Employer  






supervising-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed