The Sales Coach is responsible for motivating and developing associates resulting in better overall job performance. This will help maintain our high standards of the customer experience and quality, as well as serve our customers more efficiently and effectively.  This position requires a high energy, creative person with strong written and verbal communication skills.  The candidate must be self-motivated and have a desire to develop and coach others on improving their performance.     Responsibilities include:  • Communicating with, motivating and appropriately rewarding the associates for achieving and exceeding their objectives.  This may include creating incentives, holding contests and similar activities to create a challenging and fun work environment.  • Identifying, developing and implementing sales scripting and continuous improvement training to improve sales effectiveness and individual associates’ performance. • Responsible for evaluating sales associates’ effectiveness and communicating suggestions/constructive feedback on opportunities for improvement. • Establishing performance expectations for the associates and reviewing their performance. Responsible for uniformly enforcing policies and procedures among associates. • Updating managers with information pertaining to observations/changes/trends they observe from our customers. • Focusing on and achieving superior customer satisfaction and adhering to all compliance regulations. • Proactively identifying challenges to the sales process and operational policies.  Presenting recommended options for resolution to management team. • Assisting in development and delivery of continuous improvement training to sales associates. • Identifying performance trends and patterns and making appropriate training recommendations, as well as recommendations for policy and procedure changes that may enhance the associate productivity and the customers’ experience.  Qualifications:  • 2+ years of leadership experience, preferably in a contact center environment.  • High energy and enjoys motivating people to exceed performance goals. • Proven success in telephone sales environment strongly preferred. • Experience with Performance Improvement and Quality Assurance metrics preferred. • Excellent verbal and written communication skills. • Proficient computer skills – comfortable with all Microsoft Office programs.






2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job