Destination Maternity Corporation is the world’s largest designer and retailer of maternity apparel, reaching the customer with multiple brands and price points, providing all of her apparel wants and needs throughout her pregnancy. Motherhood Maternity is a value- and fashion-oriented brand that focuses on great looks at amazing low prices. At A Pea in the Pod, maternity is redefined through exclusive designers and luxury fabrications. And, through its Destination Maternity stores, the two brands are blended into a multi-brand experience that includes, in its superstores, many exciting attributes such as learning studios, kids’ play areas, and Edamame, the maternity spa.  As of August 31, 2010, the Company operates 1,677 retail locations, including 701 stores, in all 50 states, Puerto Rico, Guam, and internationally, and leased departments located within leading retailers such as Sears®, Kmart®, Macy's®, Bloomingdale's®, Babies \"R\" Us®, Boscov's®, and Gordmans®. Destination Maternity also distributes its Oh Baby by Motherhood collection through a licensed arrangement at Kohl's® stores throughout the United States and on Kohls.com. In addition, the Company sells online through its destinationmaternity.com, apeainthepod.com, and motherhood.com websites.  Destination Maternity Corporation has an opportunityfor a District Manager to act as a key member of our retail management team in the Charlotte, North Carolina area.   Reporting to the Regional Manager, the District Manager should be a goal oriented and hardworking leader.  District Managers will be responsible for driving sales, demonstrating leadership, developing employees, and managing the day-to-day operational activities of the district.  They must ensure that company standards and procedures are being met in order to achieve maximum performance and profit for the company.  District Managers will work closely with Store Managers to assess performance and plan improvements.  Job Responsibilities:    -The position requires travel (some over night) to store locations and to the company headquarters. We offer competitive pay (including bonus potential), benefits and the opportunity to grow and learn.  -The District Manager should act as a role model and leader to their talented field team member  -The selected candidate will also be responsible for all functions of the district's retail operations including sales improvement programs, training/development of management staff, cash management of monthly deposits, audits, inventory control and the visual presentation of store.  -The District Manager should coach and develop Store Managers to help them achieve maximum productivity, sales goals, and exceptional performance.  -Proactively recruit for new talent to enhance our brand.   Job Requirements:  -Must have excellent communication & management skills including managerial development of direct reports, receiving direction from off-site Regional Manager and the ability to react to an ever-changing retail environment.  -At least 2-3 years experience operating in a multi-unit management capacity  -Mobility/ability to travel 80% is required.  -Ability to multi task  -Strong organizational skills  -Ability to be mobile in a store including standing, walking, bending, squatting, kneeling, reaching, and/or twisting, for up to eight hours or more per day   -Simple grasping, pushing, lifting, and/or carrying things which weigh up to 40 pounds.  Benefits:  -Competitive Health and Welfare Benefit insurances -401(k)  -Employee stock purchase program  -Vacation/sick/holiday/personal time  -Merchandise discount   Destination Maternity Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 






2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job supervising-job