*Facility Information*  Wedgewood Golf & Country Club, located in Powell, Ohio, is a private member-owned golf club rich with history and tradition. It's a place for forging friendships, enjoying family gatherings and celebrating life's events.  Wedgewood is considered to be one of the most challenging and best conditioned courses in Central Ohio. Opened in 1991, the golf course was designed by Robert Trent Jones, Jr. Our 49,500 square foot Clubhouse offers a commanding view of both the ninth and eighteenth greens. Wedgewood offers members both formal and informal dining, men's and women's locker rooms, and a professionally staffed pro shop. In addition, our members enjoy a newly renovated 6,000 sq. ft. fitness center with a beautiful view overlooking the golf course. We also have one of the few indoor tennis facilities in the area with 6 outdoor courts and 4 indoor courts.  *Job Description*  Our Dining Room Manager oversees multiple dining facilities at the club and will oversee a staff of approximately 25 employees. This position requires that you be a positive role model for your staff of employees. A solutions-oriented individual will succeed in this position. Must have experience in leading management team and versed in hiring, training, scheduling, evaluating, counseling, disciplining, motivating and coaching employees. The applicant must be well-groomed, polished, professional, and have a desire for future success in the industry.  Hours vary for this position, but evenings, weekends, and holidays are prime hours for our operation.  The position answers to the Director of Food & Beverage.  *Qualifications*  - Expert in all Microsoft suites of software - High School degree mandatory, college degree preferred - Must be friendly and approachable -- enjoy interacting with our members and their guests - Must enjoy being a part of a positive team environment  *Experience*  - Previous experience in the private golf club industry preferred, but not mandatory - Previous experience in upscale, fine dining mandatory  *Compensation*  Salary of $34,000 to $38,000 per year, commensurate with experience and qualifications.






full-time-job supervising-job salary