We have a position available at our high volume flooring company. Our corp office is in the East Valley and we have 5 satellite offices in AZ.  Our company has grown quickly over the last few years and so have our IT needs. We are currently having software created for us to replace what we are currently using to manage our business. I need someone on the inside to help us with this transition and work directly with our software engineers.  Im looking for someone that can help me take our company to the next level, technologically. Someone that can learn the in's and out's of our business and help me automate things that are currently done manually, help create new processes and develop additional technology to help us be more productive. I need new fresh ideas from someone that has the initiative to make things happen! You would report directly to me (Chief Operating Officer), and work primarily with me, and my staff.   We have a great work environment, there are a lot of opportunities for someone with drive and the desire to learn and grow with a company.  We already have an IT Manager that keeps our network up and running, and takes care of all hardware maintenance. The position we are looking to fill is more of an \"Automation Specialist\" position. The person we put in this position needs to have some experience and/or understanding of the programming and coding world.   Must be a solution-oriented, out-of-the-box thinker who frequently comes up with new and innovative ways of doing old (and new) things. Good communication skills. Communication is a must!   Needs to be able to automate routine tasks using tools such as scripting languages, performing tasks to manipulate files,  and translating data between multiple forms. Need someone  who understands modern programming principles, distributed programming techniques, client/server software design, implementation, testing, debugging, and maintenance.   Need to understand the principles and practices common to production software development. Such things as code reviews, testing tools and methodology, and software release management.  If you are looking for a fun opportunity with a great company, please respond with you resume, qualifications and what your looking for in a new position. This is a salary position starting between $40-45k.  Thank You






salary