Looking for supplemental income or a part-time position? Well, no look no further Omni Health Care Management, Inc. has exactly what you're looking for!   We are currently looking for a Certified Nursing Assistant to join our team and service the Pontiac, MI area.  *Position Summary* Provides personal care services under the direction of the Registered Nurse or Therapist. The Home Health Aide is assigned to specific clients by the Registered Nurse or other appropriate professional and performs services for clients as necessary to maintain their personal comfort.   *Qualifications* - Certified Nursing Assistant, which certificate proving so from Home Care University or any other Medicare Certified training institute.  - Be at least 18 years of age. - Demonstrate ability to read, write, and follow written Plan of Care. - Good interpersonal skills - Current driver license, good driving record, and reliable transportation.   *Experience* - A minimum of 1 year of institutional nursing experience within the past 3 years. This experience requirement may be waived based upon a personal interview.   *Travel* - Necessary on a daily basis; 100%  *Working Schedule* - Must be flexible to accommodate completion of tasks, patient needs and referrals.  - You are able to create your own schedule around other responsibilities and jobs you may have.   *Essential Functions/Areas of Accountability* - Performs simple procedures as an extension of therapy services under the direction and supervision of the therapist. - Performs personal care activities, including but not limited to: * Bathing * Shampooing * Skin care/nail care * Oral Hygiene * Shaving * Dressing - Performs household services essential to health care at home - Assists in the administration of medications that ordinarily self-administered under the direction and supervision of the Registered Nurse.  - Reports any observed or reported changed in the client's condition and/or needs to the Registered Nurse. - Documents care provided and completes the forms required for the client's records. Completes the appropriate records to document cares given and pertinent observations.  - Communicated effectively with all members of the interdisciplinary team through verbal reports, participation in staff meetings (monthly), and team conferences. - Maintains confidentiality in all aspects of the job.  - Participates in requires inservice programs to meet compliance requirements. Identifies learning needs to agency supervisor. - Performs other related duties and responsibilities as deemed necessary.   Submit your resume if you're interested and if you're a good fit, one of our recruiters will contact you!






licence-needed part-time-job 1-year-experience-needed