Since 1988, our financial services and technology firm has provided simple, secure and cost-effective electronic payment, data convergence and fraud prevention services for clients around the world. Our consultants act as business partners, delivering customized solutions with integrity and anticipating our merchants’ needs. Our commitment to developing new technology and our forward-thinking approach to client relationships have allowed us to grow even during the \"Great Recession.\"   We are currently seeking Account Managers to join our dynamic sales team. The right candidate has a true hunter’s mentality and is someone with a commitment to delivering a quality product and outstanding customer service before and after the sale. A strong work ethic, a can-do attitude and a professional mindset are assets we consider key to the continued success of our team. We are only looking for those individuals who have high ethical standards and believe that hard work equals high reward.  Responsibilities:   • Place regular phone calls to warm sales leads provided by Fortune 500 channel partners and resellers  • Support lead generation programs and marketing efforts to garner new relationships and expand awareness of company  • Consistently meet or exceed assigned sales revenue target or goals established in sales plan  • Process new merchant applications and submit to underwriting  • Develop and deliver concise and effective sales presentations to our channel partners and prospective clients  • Reach out to existing customers to identify their needs  • Conduct cold calling and prospecting to build new customer relationships • Provide excellent customer service, always ensuring that client and partner issues are dealt with in a timely, accurate and professional manner  • Self-source potential sales and business development opportunities  • Perform other sales and administrative duties as requested   Position Requirements:  • Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience preferred  • 2+ years sales experience, preferably in solutions sales and/or technical sales  • Strong organizational skills and ability to work in a time-critical environment  • Demonstrated problem-solving, negotiating and collaborative skills  • Excellent verbal and written communication skills  • Intermediate skills in MS Office, Adobe, Outlook, and the internet  • High level of motivation and persistence  • Ability to work independently and as a team in high-pressure environment  Applicants for employment in the U.S. must possess work authorization which does not require sponsorship by the employer for a visa. All A-AAccess Online Payment Systems employees must adhere to a strict No-Smoking policy.  To be considered for this opportunity, please submit your resume, a cover letter addressed to Mrs. Roman, and salary requirements. *IMPORTANT: Please submit all application materials in .pdf format; those without a cover letter or submitted in .doc format will not be reviewed. If you cannot save your resume and cover letter in .pdf, please fax them to  XXX  Word .doc attachments will not be reviewed.**  EOE






full-time-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed