Johnson Controls – Building Efficiency delivers products, services and solutions that increase energy efficiency and lower operating costs in buildings for more than one million customers. Operating from 500 branch offices in more than 150 countries, we are a leading provider of equipment, controls and services for heating, ventilating, air-conditioning, refrigeration and security systems. We have been involved in more than 500 renewable energy projects including solar, wind and geothermal technologies. Our solutions have reduced carbon dioxide emissions by 13.6 million metric tons and generated savings of $7.5 billion since 2000. Many of the world’s largest companies rely on us to manage 1.5 billion square feet of their commercial real estate.  The role of the Software Development Engineer will include:  Basic Function  · Research, design and develop software systems for refrigeration control, in conjunction with hardware product development.  · Design and develop software systems to support manufacturing and engineering by providing tools to automate our processes.  Essential Duties & Responsibilities:  · Design and build software systems, using scientific analysis and mathematical models to create organized and theoretically rigorous programs.  · Develop and direct software system testing procedures, programs and documentation.  · Analyze software requirements to determine feasibility of design with time and cost constraints.  · Consult with hardware engineers and other engineering staff to evaluate interface between hardware and software, as well as operational and performance requirements of the overall system.  · Conduct interdepartmental design review meetings, maintain project documentation and help to develop and adhere to approved schedules.  · Support customers with maintenance of the software systems.  · Work proficiently with customers, Sales and Marketing, vendors, other departments and other JCI operations.  · Travel to visit customers, suppliers, test facilities and other JCI operations and to receive training.  · Adhere to the Company’s Code of Conduct and Business Ethics standards. Travel Requrements Travel requirements are less than 10%.  Qualifications:  Education / Experience:  · Bachelor’s degree (BS) in Engineering from a four-year college. 4 plus years experience in listed computer skills with emphasis on PHP.  Computer Skills:  · Proficient in Web application development, including programming with PHP, Java, Javascript, HTML, AJAX, JSON, CSS and Memcache.  · Able to use the C programming language to write accurate and organized control programs.  Capable of project development and self direction:  With scope and general direction from marketing and management.






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed