At Gia, you will experience a 19th century modern bar that leads to an outdoor terrace that over looks New Garden Road. The space includes a drinking and an eating bar with with lounge seating. In the back left corner is the Library. This space is ideal for getting friends together for drinks and small plates. On the weekends we will have live performers.  Our drink menu will offer variety of wines, craft beers and vintage cocktails inspired from  Speakeasys of the past. Our Mediterranean inspired small plates will be prepared in either a wood fire oven or sautéed. We call our dishes “small plates” because we want to all our guests to be able to try multiple items on our menu and to share them with the table. A few of our signature items that we will offer is called “Schiacciata”, which is a Sicilian Flatbread, and our house made cheese.    Our company is looking for individuals who are passionate about food, drinks, music and most importantly creating memorable experiences for our guest’s. If you are interested in any of the opportunities email your resume or stop by to fill out an application at 1941 New Garden Road Greensboro, NC 27410  Job Responsibilities:  * Build restaurant sales through development of staff, proactive table visits and   * Being an active member of the community   * Resolve guest issues quickly and sensitively to ensure our guests have a positive experience   * Completing thorough line checks and tasting/testing food and beverage on a consistent basis   * Prepare appropriate work schedules for staff based on projected business volume   * Work closely with owner to identify and develop staff for future leadership roles   * Motivate, support and communicate with staff during regular pre-shift meetings  * Customer service focused and oriented   * Skillful planner with knowledge of basic business fundamentals   * Strong communication skills with the ability to resolve conflict   * Outgoing personality with expertise at developing relationships and leading others  






