21st Century Health Care Consultants   Are you ready for a change? Do you want to be a health care consultant and positively change lives?  21st Century Health Care Consultants is a nationally known home health care consulting company. We have more than twenty years experience in Home Health consulting. We have assisted more than one thousand individuals with opening home health care agencies.   We have a rare opening for a positive, self motivated Hospice Registered Nurse/Clinical Director to assist with developing Hospice Consulting Program. This is a full time position.   This successful candidate must be able to assist us with the development of our Hospice consulting program. Candidate must be familiar with Medicare Accreditation requirements (CHAP, ACHC OR JCAHO)  This position also will require lite travel.  It you are looking for a fun exciting and different opportunity contact us. We offer you an Excellent work environment and compensation plan.   There is no health benefits package at this time.  Candidate must be able to commute to Bradenton.  Please email us your resume in strict confidence.   Visit us at www.example.com   www.example.com  Thank you   John   About 21st Century Health Care Consultants  21st Century Health Care Consultants is a premier resource for Home Health Care Agency Startups. Established in 1995, we have assisted well over a thousand home health care agencies. We are experts at taking our client visions and transforming them into compliant, successful, rewarding, and profitable Home Health Care Agencies.   Unlike most companies who offer diluted consulting in many different areas, we offer and pride ourselves at being the best in one area, New Home Health Care Agency Startups and \"Medicare, Medicaid and Private Duty Accreditation Preparation and Certification\". We are experts in helping individuals open home health agencies, from the corporate or limited liability set up, to the final stages of successfully operating as a Medicare accredited and certified home health care agency. We are also experts assisting our agencies in meeting all required operational standards. These are highly regulated by the state and federal government. We are well versed in the difficult process of launching a new agency, helping create or refocus business plans, articulating organizational needs and the customization of all licensure and procedures so that from startup, your organization is thriving and moving forward.   Our staff includes a mix of healthcare professionals with over forty years of home health care agency management experience. This includes former Senior CHAP Surveyors






full-time-job licence-needed