National sales training & consulting company CEO has an immediate need for an exceptional Assistant to work with him in a “soup to nut” capacity. We are looking for someone that is AWESOME at time management and has AMAZING organizational skills.   Dealer Synergy’s ideal candidate is a polished self-starter with impeccable communication skills (both written and verbal), grammar, professionalism and organizational skills. It is someone who adjusts quickly to changing demands and is able to re-prioritize tasks accordingly, copes effectively with constructive criticism and thrives in a fast paced environment. It is essential for the person filling this mission critical role to be extremely reliable and trust worthy.  •     The duties of this position are extremely diverse and challenging and can range from creating Power Point presentations, taking meeting notes and following-up on open issues (with little to no direction), coordinating all aspects of CEO and trainers travel arrangements, scheduling appointments and calls, keep him organize, check status of flights, work against deadlines and be proficient in social media (Facebook, Twitter, Linked In, etc.). Must be able run basic errands (coffee, dry cleaning, etc.) You must be prepared to roll up your sleeves and keep this CEO going so he can do what he does. Hours are generally 8:30 am – 5 pm, but you must be available to respond to requests via phone and email during off business hours.  REQUIREMENTS • Strong proficiency in Microsoft Office (particularly PowerPoint) is a plus • Experience as an office or administrative assistant  • Solid organizational, customer service, and follow up skills  • Able to multi-task, adapt quickly and work independently  • Able to thrive under pressure in a constantly changing and fast paced environment  • Able to work with CRM’s  SUITABLE CANDIDATES WILL HAVE THE FOLLOWING: • Strong Work Ethic • Excellent organizational skills and attention to detail • Ability to work with a variety of personalities • Ability to prioritize & work efficiently in fast paced office •       Intermediate to advanced computer skills in MS Office and Google Drive  For consideration please reply with your resume and salary requirements.   Any responses that do not include a resume and salary requirement will not be considered for the position.  Principals only. Recruiters, please do not contact this job poster.






full-time-job