Fashion To Figure (www.example.com) is a retailer of clothing, jewelry, and accessories at terrific prices and is the go-to destination for up-to-the-minute trends and runway looks in sizes 12-26. Our mission is to make people’s lives better through the ultimate full-fashion shopping experience. The way we deliver on that promise is through our exceptional family of FTF Stylists and Store Leaders.   FTF is seeking individuals with retail experience, a passion for fashion and a commitment to helping others to join our family as an Assistant Store Director or Key Holder at our Westfield Wheaton Mall location.   *KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:* As an Assistant Store Director/Key Holder, you help create and deliver an unparalleled store experience. Responsibilities include but are not limited to:  * welcoming and getting to know store clients * offering personalized styling * sharing fashion advice and feedback with our guests * providing exceptional service and accommodating guests’ needs * helping maintain our store floor zone areas from a coverage standpoint as well as merchandising * maintaining standards and overall store condition * creating and maintaining mannequin displays * helping receive new inventory shipments and organizing the floor * introducing new key items to our guests * providing coaching to Stylists * supporting the Store Director, as required  *SKILLS & EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS:* Must have a friendly, courteous and positive attitude and enjoy helping others. The ability to multitask and work in a fast-paced environment is a must. Retail and/or hospitality experience required. Demonstration of increasing responsibility in previous positions, including prior Key Holder experience is also required.  *MORE INFORMATION:* FTF’s mission is to make people’s lives better through the ultimate full-fashion shopping experience.  FTF provides a fun, dynamic and entrepreneurial environment, facilitating growth and advancement.  At FTF you are not “a number”; you are a valuable member of the family and we welcome your feedback. Every Stylist and Key Holder is entitled to 40% off clothing. FTF is an equal opportunity employer and offers competitive compensation packages including regular bonus opportunities.    Apply online or email example@example.com with a resume, cover letter and “FTF Wheaton ASD/Key Holder” written in the subject line.






supervising-job