***This is a Perm position in Goodlettsville, TN with relocation package.  Are you ready for an exciting career move? We are looking to hire the perfect candidate for a fast moving $15 billion, Fortune 200 publicly-traded company with more than 10,000 stores and 11 distribution centers in 40 states, growing by hundreds of stores each year. We work in an energetic team atmosphere that leverages each person’s strengths and maximizes potential. We are committed to attracting upbeat, talented, and motivated people who can advance our mission of \"Serving Others.\"  The Sr. Systems Analyst – Store Applications, while reporting to the IT Project Manager, will function as the senior technical resource and Subject Matter Expert (SME) for systems, applications and tools used to support a specific business area. The Sr. Systems Analyst will consult with business users and Project Managers to identify current operating procedures, clarify program objectives, and develop detailed specifications for new applications or changes to existing applications that further company goals and will also provide technical guidance to other team members, lead projects, and manage both internal and external resources to ensure deliverable's meet time and quality constraints.  Duties and Responsibilities  • Architects, designs and codes in conformance to company SDLC procedures and best practices. • Supports existing systems during business hours and on-call. • Acts as technical liaison between business partners and Information Technology. • Identifies technical enhancements and new development based on business needs. • Coordinates and performs user technical training. • Identifies and corrects systems flaws and/or procedural gaps. • Ensures quality of development by other team members. • Plans and tracks resources and tasks for projects. • Ensures technical direction is understood and implemented appropriately. • Mentors and guides new staff in all situations where initial and further education is needed or required.  Qualifications  • Demonstrable leadership skills with a record of attainment through others. • Ability to be an active participant in a team setting that drives to discovering solutions in a collaborative manner.  • Ability to efficiently manage multiple efforts simultaneously with an excellent understanding of business processes and drivers. • Ability to develop high quality code that is maintainable, structured, highly organized and self-documenting while ensuring code adheres to industry best practices and DG SDLC guidance. • Ability to be flexible and efficient in time management while maintaining the ability to prioritize workload.  • Skills in Project planning and tracking using MS-Project understanding of the PM process. • Demonstrable ability to hold effective meetings with above-average presentation skills. • Capable of coordinating and directing outside resources. • Excellent delegation and follow-up, with emphasis on adherence to deadlines while meeting department productivity standards.  • Displays excellent written and oral communication skills and performs work with consistency, accuracy and responsiveness. • Proactively identify and communicate programming and/or design issues. • Proactively identify business issues, research options, and recommend solutions while acting as liaison with business partners and other IT departments. • Assist in determining technical direction for applications and development tools and assist in their selection and implementation.  Work Experience and/or Education   • A degree in Computer Science or demonstrated background included 8 or more years of relevant experience in applicable programming language. • .NET Framework, ASP.NET, VB.NET, C#, WCF, SQL (SQL server and Oracle), Windows Forms, Web Services, HTML5, Mobile applications development, SSIS required. • Database modeling and data architecture concepts such as OLTP and OLAP required. • Win8 XAML .NET and MVC a strong plus.  .NET Framework, ASP.NET, VB.NET, C#, WCF, SQL (SQL server and Oracle), Windows Forms, Web Services, HTML5, Mobile applications development, SSIS required.,Database modeling and data architecture concepts such as OLTP and OLAP required.,Win8 XAML .NET and MVC a strong plus.  Compensation will consist of a competitive salary based on your experience, with bonus potential.  Our Benefits Package  • Health, dental, vision and life insurance • Long term disability • Accidental Death and Dismemberment insurance • Company matched 401(k) • Paid vacation • On site child care, ATM, cafeteria and fitness facility • Fun, values centered work atmosphere • Corporate casual dress • Relocation Assistance






full-time-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed