Responsibilities: The individual will be charged with the development of an overarching scientific strategy and implement it through execution that is comprehensive, consistent, and targeted to the company needs, and the ecosystem surrounding pediatric genomics. The individual will work closely with the leadership team to develop the R&D and research collaborations strategy and set key priorities for Research that enable delivery of milestones, novel applications and diagnostic tests. The individual will work closely with the leadership team to manage operations of the company. In operations the person will be charged with establishing and optimizing workflow systems and NGS sequencing technology pipelines, coordination with collaboration groups and external vendors, molecular protocols development, coordinate with the extended team. Will report to the CEO, and coordinate with Head of Sales & Marketing, Finance leads, and other divisions like Medical/CLIA Director and Scientific Advisory Board.   Skills, Experience and Qualifications -  PhD/MD in life sciences with 3 years post-doctoral experience, a strong publication record. Can do attitude.   -  In-depth knowledge of genomics and next generation sequencing, clinical and pharmaceutical industry. -  FACMG/Pediatrics background with NGS or computational experience a plus. -  Ideally a proven track record of success building, leading and managing collaborations with industry; ability to build relationships with thought leaders.  -  Have strong communication and presentation skills; strong external presence and persona; a true evangelist -  Ability to work “hands on” independently. Be able to meet deadlines. Be efficient and dedicated.  -  Proven leadership talents, original thinker, management skills, ability to multi-task, entrepreneurial.  -  Direct experience in some amount of pitching to investors or thought leaders, selling complex concepts.  -  Strong experience in Grantsmanship; intellectual property development. Ability to accurately project costs associated with programs.   - Demonstrated ability to craft and lead high-impact programs on a tight development schedule, including preparation of data sets and publications; conference and poster presence at key scientific meetings; communications strategy; key opinion leader support; and manage and coordinate early access programs.  (www.example.com)






full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed ms-or-phd-needed supervising-job