Headquartered in the Chicagoland area, GVW Parts Distribution, LLC is a leading provider of quality truck and trailer parts for the heavy duty trucking industry. With millions of dollars in inventory and over 50,000 square feet of warehouse space between Reno, Nevada, Carol Stream, Illinois, and Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, GVW offers customers a complete line of premium parts from the leading manufacturers - delivered any place, on time with a strong commitment to the most complete customer service experience in the industry. GVW Parts Distribution, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of Illinois-based GVW Group, LLC.  At GVW, our people are the foundation for what we do. We seek people who have a passion for growing companies and thrive in an entrepreneurial environment. We are committed to developing our people to their fullest potential while they grow within our companies.  Position Description: Service Center Sales Representative The Service Center Sales Representative is responsible for developing and executing sales strategies with service centers in the New York metro area. This will entail outside sales to both existing and new customers. Ideal candidates will be self-starters, highly motivated, entrepreneurial and ethical in their personal and professional conduct.  Requirements:  • Bachelor’s degree • Internship and/or full time experience in outside sales role • History of exceeding goals • Strong desire to win • Passionate about customer service  • Open to coaching and feedback  • Technology proficient  Location: New York metro area Travel Requirements: Weekly within assigned Region  Benefits: GVW offers an attractive compensation and benefits package, to include base salary, incentive bonus opportunities, and benefits such as medical/dental/vision options, retirement/401K plans, etc.  CONTACT For confidential consideration, please forward your resume to: Jacob Hartz jhartz(at)gvwgroup(dot)com  Company Websites www.example.com www.example.com






bs-degree-needed salary