TCSE Inc. has an immediate opening for an Experienced Manager!     TCSE Inc., The Customer Service Experts have been in the customer service field for 18 years. We operate all aspects of the guest service program in local shopping centers. We are known throughout the industry to our clients, employees and customers as an honest, integrity driven company that values the science of creating loyal customers and employees. We offer a wide range of employee benefits, growth within the company for all employees through training and coaching, and best of all a fun environment to work in.     This is an opportunity for someone who loves dealing with the public, has high energy, finds it easy to build relationships and would love to work where you shop. Please take this opportunity to join a company that takes care of their employees and offers continued support for your development.    This Manager position is responsible for:   -Effective management of Site Operations   -Build and maintain relationships with employees as well as with Mall Management. This includes hiring, training, and supervision of assigned location.     Specific Duties:   -Hire, train, and supervise employees on site.   -Oversees weekly schedules for site, ensuring that the schedule meets the needs of the shopping center.   -Maintain company standards   -Theft prevention   -Maintain a positive relationship with management at the shopping center as well as with Area or Regional Manager TCSE corporate office through emails, phone calls, and personal visits.     Qualifications:   -MUST HAVE Minimum 2 yrs Management Experience   -Must be a team player   -Strong leadership skills   -Excellent verbal and written communication skills   -Possess the ability to effectively manage a team of players   -Detail-oriented with excellent time-management skills   -Computer knowledge required   -Enjoy working with people and interact effectively with employees, corporate office, and mall management   -Able to solve problems with emphasis on positive outcome     Compensation $14.50 - $15.50/hr DOE     If interested please e-mail your resume






2-4-years-experience-needed hourly-wage supervising-job