Employer: Dawnbreaker is a professional services firm providing commercialization assistance to advanced technology firms and their investors. We specialize in business and manufacturing planning, market research, marketing communications, and negotiations. Two distinguishing features characterize our work: (1) an emphasis on measurable results, and (2) a programmatic, yet flexible approach to growing our clients' business. www.example.com  Department: In order to continue to meet the demands of our clients, Dawnbreaker is expanding the Dawnbreaker Design Department (www.example.com). The Dawnbreaker Design Department works on a variety of Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) and Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) programs including work for the Navy, Department of Energy, National Science Foundation, NASA, and others.  Responsibilities: The Web Developer/Designer is responsible for the development and design of major and minor web applications and components for external users. The developer will design, develop, test and deliver web sites, applications and components. Additionally, enhancements and defect resolution will be required on an ongoing basis. Best practices and design methods will be utilized to ensure the success of the projects. The developer will have the ability to create web applications and components from the requirements stage, to design, and through production deployment.  Desired Experience: The successful candidate will have 2-4 years of experience in graphics, layout, scripting, programming, as well as development involving compatibility and seamless integration with various technologies such as but not limited to Java and CMS. All candidates should include a link to their portfolio.  Desired Attributes: Key attributes this individual should possess include flexibility, adaptability and the ability to learn quickly in various technical and creative environments while delivering quality design work within tight deadlines. Other important attributes include: • Operates effectively as a member of the development team. • Operates effectively as an individual for quick turnaround of enhancements and adjustments. • Responsible for meeting expectations and deliverables on time and in high quality. • Responsible for the development of web applications and components. • Responsible for the design and development of web pages, graphics, multimedia, GUIs. • Effectively develops in a clean, well structured, easily maintainable format. • Utilizes storyboarding and graphic pre-designs where appropriate. • Demonstrates creative, technical and analytical skills. • Demonstrates ability to communicate effectively in both technical and business environments.  Required Skills:  • Experience in developing websites and/or web applications. • Solid understanding of navigation and SEO. • Front-end and some back-end development experience. More important is the experience of seamless integration of front- to back-end functionality. • Practical experience in development of HTML 5, JavaScript, CSS, SQL, Perl, graphics creation with Photoshop, Illustrator, (Adobe Creative Suite), multimedia creation with Flash, ActionScript, (Macromedia Studio) • Practical exposure and/or experience with some or all of the following: ASP, PHP, Javascript, HTML 5, CSS, Java Server Pages and Java, XML, PHP, Oracle, MS SQL Server, ColdFusion Server, CFML, CFScript, IIS, Windows Server environments. • Excellent written and oral communication skills. • Desire and willingness to work in a collaborative, innovative, flexible and team-oriented environment. • Versatility and ability to also work in print formats • BS / BA university degree • Strong work ethic   Compensation/Benefits: Salary is commensurate with experience. Dawnbreaker offers competitive benefits packages including: • Medical, dental, and vision coverage  • Supplemental and life insurance through AFLAC • 401(k) retirement plan  • Wellness/Health club reimbursements • Paid holidays and vacation days • Supplemental STD, LTD, and life insurance  Location: Work is to be accomplished from Dawnbreaker’s headquarter location in North Chili, NY. The successful candidate will live within 30 minutes driving distance from the office. Dawnbreaker is an equal opportunity employer.  Contact:  Christopher Pels, Ed.D. Human Resources 3161 Union Street North Chili, NY  XXX  






full-time-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed