We are looking for enthusiastic individuals who want to work in an exciting, challenging and rewarding industry. No experience is required. We provide basic training, on-going daily coaching and mentoring, and top notch office support to make your selling experience positive. As a beginner, you can expect to earn $500 and up per week, working 40 hours. With experience, you are able to earn $1000 per week and considerably more depending on your work ethic. EAG would like to hear from you!!  Why join our team? 1. Training and Personal Development Energy Acquisitions Group is a team of individuals that have positioned themselves to capitalize on the deregulation of the Energy Industry. We are poised to become one of the leading companies in the Energy marketplace by utilizing multiple channels of expertise in the direct marketing arena. EAG currently offers a savings on Residential and Commercial Gas and Electricity to consumers in the available deregulated markets. With over 15 years of direct marketing experience in multiple industries of deregulation .  2. Compensation We value those who want to be part of EAG and who strive to produce the highest quality of service. You help us win, and we'll do the same. For that reason, EAG has an attractive compensation package to match your work ethic. Whether you are new to the business and sales, or a professional looking for a new company, you'll find something to motivate you at EAG.  Below, are some of the incentives we offer in 2013: • Vacation incentives to an exotic location • Training bonuses • Attractive compensation • Superstar awards  3. Advancement Opportunities and Flexibility At EAG, you decide how to grow your skills and manage your business. Whether you are looking for a job or a career, you get to choose the days you work, and when you go on vacation. Most importantly, you earn the financial rewards that match your actions. Fast track advancement for proven leaders!!  4. Support We provide everything you need while you may focus on just one thing - providing quality service to customers. Here is how we help: • Properly trained head office staff to process applications • Trained team leaders to help you in the field • Marketing material • Branded clothing • Programs which are simple to understand  Visit us at www.example.com  Contact us today to set up your interview!






