Are You Ready To Change Your Life & The Lives Of Others?  Do you prefer to be paid for what you do, rather than the hours you put in? Do you prefer to work at your own pace, both individually as well as part of a team? Are you looking for a way to financial freedom, allowing you to spend life doing the things you enjoy rather than in an office or working for someone else's retirement?   We Work Closely With Selected Individuals With The Proper Attitude, Work Ethic And Who Are Ready To Be Coached. If You Work Hard & Follow Instructions, You WILL Be Successful! Unlimited Income Opportunity!  Does Any Of The Following Apply To YOU??:  Motivated, positive, goal oriented people who don't make excuses that want to change their financial future and who will follow a system and be coach-able.  Including, but not limited to:  -Business owners (current or former)  -Managers  -Recruiters  -Social \"Butterfly\"  -Insurance Sales, Car Sales, Any Sales  -College Students   -Already working, don't want to quit, but would like to add more income part time.  -Teachers, coaches, pastors  -Heath professionals  -Fitness professionals  -Stay at home moms  -Mortgage/real estate professionals   What We Are NOT looking for:  -Whiners  -Complainers  -Broke minded Individuals  -Close minded Individuals  -Naysayers  -Quitters  -Excuse makers  -\"Negative Nellies\"  -Those looking for a hourly or salary \"job\"  Only ONE company has created over 650 six figure income earners in the past 36 months- This is your opportunity to connect with that company. This is the opportunity you have been waiting for!   Company CULTURE We are more of a COMMUNITY than a company. It's a LIFESTYLE. It radiates a cool and edgy MAINSTREAM vibe. It's fueled by youthful ENERGY and genuine PASSION, attractive to both the young and young at heart. It's a WORK HARD, PLAY HARDER mentality. It's FUN! From top down, people are refreshingly TRANSPARENT and living AUTHENTICALLY. Everyone is very REAL.  If YOU are looking for ALL of the following:  1- Unlimited Income Opportunity - This is not a free money nor a get rich quick scheme- However you do have the opportunity to make as much or as little money as your effort dictates. Open up new doors for yourself financially and unlock the potential you know you have.  2- FLEXIBILITY in your Schedule: Full Time, Part Time, Anything In Between - YOU DECIDE YOUR SCHEDULE! It is all about what YOU put into the hours you're working, rather than just how many hours you work. You can enable yourself to spend more time with the ones you love, rather than the ones you \"work\" with.  3- Work from home or wherever you are most comfortable, again, flexibility is what you get. Save money on gas, car maintenance, and so much more. If you can follow and then teach a very simple yet effective three-step process over and over again, you will be successful!  4- Bonuses, Bonuses, Bonuses. You will be given all the tools to have tremendous success and also the opportunity to receive weekly and monthly bonuses, including the opportunity to qualify for our BMW Car Bonus. We do not utilize traditional marketing- word of mouth is how we market. We believe in rewarding YOU for your efforts, rather than pay for often wasted T.V. and radio commercials etc.  5- A true equal opportunity for all to succeed. No matter what background you have, no matter where you are in life; this opportunity gives you everything you need to succeed. Will you be our next Global Ambassador?  Are you going to secure your spot for the next \"Getting Started Training\"?  If you are ready to seize this opportunity:   Then Go to www.example.com & fill out the contact information.   Or if you wish, Reply to this post with your resume or qualifications to set up a face-to-face interview- please include the best time of day to reach you.






