LAND MOBILE RADIO (LMR) ELECTRONICS TECHNICIAN - BAGRAM AIRFIELD, AFGHANISTAN ACTIVE SECRET SECURITY CLEARANCE REQUIRED EXPERIENCE WITH MOTOROLA LMR EQUIPMENT REQUIRED  The LMR Electronics Technician is responsible maintaining, installing, and decommissioning Motorola VHF LMR equipment for the US Military in Afghanistan. This includes both handheld mobiles and portables, and all components of Fixed Network Equipment (FNE), including but not limited to repeaters, couplers, BDAs, antennas and combiners.   LMR Electronics Technician responsibilities and duties include, but are not limited, to: • Developing and operating a complete range of electrical and/or mechanical equipment for prototyping, testing, and operational uses.   • Applying component operation theory and working with the government systems engineer to develop prototype systems or specific hardware items to customer specifications. • Supervise testing of calibration devices for unique electrical and mechanical systems. • From sketches and specifications, working to close tolerances on model machine equipment, designs and fabricates complex molds for individual and interconnecting systems. • Operating electronic/mechanical equipment utilized in tests or production. • Installing produced systems at designated field sites and accomplishing checkout and maintenance as required by job specifications.  Minimum Education/Experience:  The LMR Electronics Technician shall have at least five (5) years of project management experience.  The LMR Electronics Technician shall meet one of the following minimum education and experience levels:  • A Bachelor of Science Degree in a related field and ten (10) years’ experience as an electronic or mechanical technician; or  • An Associate Degree in a related field and fifteen (15) years’ experience as an electronic or mechanical technician or other unique qualifications.  The LMR Electronics Technician will be based out of Bagram Airfield, Afghanistan and support all of the FOBs in the region as necessary.






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed