Sponsorship is not available for this job.  Please only apply if you are legally able to work in the USA without sponsorship.  Our client is a leading solar energy  and semiconductor services provider with offices around the globe, and a headquarters in the  U.S.A.   The team has an exciting career opportunity for someone that is both technical and project management oriented.  In this critical role you will manage the backbone of the global project management operations by administering, optimizing and supporting the document management system, project management system and reporting systems.  We’re looking for someone that enjoys a project management environment, has a boundless curiosity about process improvements, is passionate about learning and growing, loves details, and enjoys interacting with internal customers.   Key Responsibilities include  >Responsible for creation and maintenance of project templates >Maintains program schedule data and data analyses for the portfolio using Windows SharePoint Services and MS Project >Ensures data feed is available to stakeholder community and executives via reports, dashboards, escalation templates and governance requirements and that drill down capability to MS Project source file is available >Assembly and analysis of schedule data for Stakeholders >Aid in the development and management Project Server, SharePoint, etc., including test cycles and roll out >Customization of forms and SharePoint lists/libraries  >Workflow development   Key Requirements, Knowledge, Skills and Abilities >2 plus years of related experience including both systems and standard project coordination. >Understanding and knowledge of Project Management  >Understanding of data tables and reporting using advanced Excel or VB or SQL  >Outstanding interpersonal, teamwork, communication and organizational skills. >Analytical and problem-solving skills.  Technical Skills Required >Microsoft Project (Or similar system) >Windows SharePoint Services (Or similar system) >Microsoft Office 2010  Technical Skills Desired  >SharePoint Designer  >InfoPath 2010 >Nintex  2010  Benefits: Competitive compensation. Comprehensive benefits package including health, vision, and dental coverage; Other great benefits included.  Key Words: workflow, configuration, PMI, Project Coordinator, SharePoint, MS Project, Visual Basic, PPM, 5pmweb, basecamp, jive software, document management systems, project manager






2-4-years-experience-needed