The New Mexico Heart Institute (NMHI) is the largest and most advanced cardiovascular medical group in the region. Since 1969, the physicians of New Mexico Heart Institutes have provided New Mexico and beyond with the highest-quality care and service. As the leader in Cardiovascular Care with four offices providing 26 physicians across the Southwest, our services include state-of-the-art heart and vascular medicine and surgery, cardiovascular imaging, and fully-integrated emergency hospital and intensive coronary care services.      *ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:*  1. Monitoring performance and preparing analytical information and management reports to enable effective decision-making by the Board of Directors and CEO  2. Assist in developing and implementing short and long-term financial strategies and tactics in alignment with NMHI’s objectives  3. Oversight of Finance and Business Office, and assist in oversight of other departments as requested by CEO  4. Hands-on leading of motivated people to ensure high-level, accurate organizational performance  5. Effectively negotiate contracts for optimal benefit to NMHI    *MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS*     *EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:*  1. Bachelor degree required, MBA preferred  2. Background and experience in Finance preferred  3. More than 5 years of large medical office management experience     *COMPETENCIES:*   1. Ability to read and interpret contracts and other legal documents  2. Must be proficient in MS Office Suite  3. Preferred proficiency in Access/SQL/Crystal Reports and Great Plains accounting software  4. Excellent verbal and written communication skills required  5. Demonstrated experience working with the public requiring outstanding customer service skills  6. Must possess strong organizational skills, the ability to prioritize projects and to work in a fast paced, frequently crisis driven environment  7. Must be able to provide complicated information in a clear and concise manner to those not familiar with the information being provided  8. Maintain a high level of professionalism in business appearance and attitude  9. Effective management and professional relationship building skills    *TEAM MEMBER BENEFITS: *  -Medical Insurance   -Dental Insurance   -Life and Long-Term Disability Insurance   -401K Retirement Plan   -Paid time off for full-time employees   -Paid Holidays   -Flexible Spending Account (Health Care and Dependent Care Reimbursement)   -Educational Expense Reimbursement (qualifying positions)   -Direct Deposit   -Health Club Discount   -Uniform Allowance   -M-F day shift schedule       Please visit our website *www.example.com for more employment opportunities!    *New Mexico Heart Institute is an Equal Opportunity Employer*      






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed