Overview of Exony:  Exony is an eGain company, headquartered in the UK with world wide customer base, delivering a range of products that offer additional power, flexibility and functionality to large-scale, virtual contact centres.    Exony's products are the key to effective contact centre services.  They enable tighter business and telephony systems integration, enhance the caller experience and facilitate greatly improved decision making and business planning.  The products are successfully deployed and support the customer management activities of a number of leading international brands.   Responsibilities:  The Technical Support Engineer (TSE) will be a customer contact point responsible for diagnosis, consultation and repair of customer issues.  They will become broad experts in all aspects of the Exony product set, from design and implementation through to install and deployment. Strong skills in the Microsoft technologies used by Exony’s product set, are essential.  Exony operates a 24x7 support service for customers worldwide. Exony has support engineers worldwide with engineers in the UK and the West and East coast of the USA as likely to be key interfaces.  The person filling this role should have a good range of technical skills (including MS SQL DBA), a proven record of managing demanding customers, together with a solid approach to solving problems and experience of working on their own initiative in a Technical Support role.  As the Support Department operates a 24x7 support function, successful candidates will also be expected to carry a phone and be available out of normal office hours (on a rota basis).  This role reports into the Technical Support Director, based in the UK. There may be some opportunity for foreign travel, and initial training is likely to take place in the UK.   Key position requirements:  • To interface with internal departments, 3rd parties and customer organisations to see each customer issue through to completion • To foster good relations with customers and partners • Requirement for travel to customer sites in USA and occasionally elsewhere • Participate in interdepartmental activities as required • To work closely with the engineering departments in order to resolve issues and provide enhancements for customers   Skills profile:  • Self-starter with a strong ability to use initiative and work autonomously under tight, commercially sensitive deadlines • Strong problem solving techniques to achieve efficient problem resolution • Ability to work under pressure  • Excellent verbal and written communication skills • Flexibility to cope with a fast changing market and organisation environment • Good organisational skills • Strong customer focus • Understanding of the pressures facing small business • Mature attitude and professional approach     Qualifications and experience:  Essential:  • Strong knowledge and understanding of Microsoft SQL Server and related technologies, eg Analysis & Reporting Services • Solid approach to problem solving at both high and low levels • Hands-on familiarity with common internet technologies • Awareness of networking and firewall issues • Good team working and communication skills    Desirable:  • Administrator-level knowledge of the various Microsoft Windows Server platforms. • Knowledge of telecommunications infrastructure elements (ideally including CISCO IPCC / ICM), Contact Centres, Internet Technologies, and possibly CRM or billing •  • Knowledge of XML, XSLT, HTML, WML and other common mark ups • Experience with common backend systems, particularly RDBMS, LDAP, CRM or billing and mediation systems.






