Job Title:  Senior .NET Software Engineer  Job Summary:  We are currently searching for a Senior .NET Software Engineer to interview for a full time position with our client located in Jacksonville, FL in the Automotive Marketing/Advertising industry.    Primary Responsibilities:  • Design, develop, deploy and support transactional middle tier, XML service layer, batch file important and extract, and browser-based applications.  • Provide support for a custom data retrieval application, XML web service integration to a high volume web site, enterprise GUI interface and several file extract based integrations. • Participate in the creation and development of project plans. • Contribute to efforts to improve quality of web applications. • Participate in code and design reviews and provide coaching to other members of the team. • Assist in the troubleshooting of code defects and deploy timely fixes. • Implement new tools and technologies for use within the team. • Create and maintain technical documentation. • Resolves customer complaints with software and responds to suggestions for improvements and enhancements.  A Qualified Candidate will have:  • Knowledge of IT concepts, strategies, and methodologies, architectures and technical standards. • 6+ Years Web development experience (ASP.NET, XML and Web Services HTML, CSS, XSL, XSLT, JavaScript, JQuery) is required. • 6+ Years with web technologies such as HTML5, JQuery, AtomPub, JSON, REST, OData, CSS, and CMS • 6+ Years coding .NET environment. • Expert-level competency in C#, C/C++ development experience a plus. • Expert-level competency with SQL Server 2005/2008. • An understanding of the capabilities of Microsoft technologies and hands-on experience with the .NET Framework.  • Experience with SharePoint technologies.  • Experience with large-scale applications in a leadership role. • An understanding of object modeling and object-oriented development. • Experience in database design and database performance tuning. • Microsoft certifications a plus. • Strong analytical and problem solving abilities. • Demonstrable experience developing solution architecture. • Knowledgeable in new and emerging technologies. • Knowledge of business functions and understanding of business operations, strategies, and objectives.  • Bachelor's degree in IT related field or business required. Master's degree preferred.   Job Location:    Jacksonville, FL Expected Work Hours:  40 hours per week M-F Interview Dates:   Anytime by appointment Job Type:     Permanent – Full Time  Compensation:   $90-$110K (Based on experience)  Guardian is talent acquisition, management, and marketing firm. We are a leader in providing quality candidates across a range of industries. We have over a decade of experience servicing clients and their supporting partners. Our client list is extensive and includes companies in the sports, music, advertising, marketing, retail, event planning and entertainment industries.  At Guardian we use a set of best practices, processes, and people. These enterprise capabilities make Guardian unparalleled in terms of reach, depth, and diversity. We are a world-class organization equipped to handle complex solutions.   Guardian Candidates possess a strong commitment to excellence, willingness to work hard and are motivated to grow in a team environment.






salary bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job