ReneSola America seeks a highly motivated, dynamic, and self-starting individual with an understanding of general marketing strategies and tactics, to join its North America team.    The ideal candidate will have at least two years of marketing experience, a minimum of a BA/BS (MBA preferred) degree in marketing and/or communications and/or PR and a proven track record of successfully building brand and creating and managing programs.  This position is designed for a marketing pro with a \"roll-up-your-sleeves\" mentality, who is more interested in generating closed deals rather than leads.  Experience in B2B eCommerce highly desired.    *Job Description*  We are currently seeking a seasoned candidate to join and lead the charge as eCommerce continues to lead ReneSola’s growth.  • The Digital Marketing Manager supports growth initiatives that drive site traffic, improve brand awareness and positioning, and increase sales through customer acquisition and retention.  • This position is responsible for driving the overall strategy development and execution of online marketing activities.  • The Digital Marketing Manager will handle the development and implementation of an eCommerce plan and work closely with sales and marketing • Requires extensive knowledge of online marketing channels, including affiliate marketing, SEM/PPC/SEO, email, social media marketing, web analytics, A/B testing, conversion, content marketing, customer retention, user experience design, and mobile.      *Responsibilities/Skills *  • Direct the development, implementation, and management of online marketing strategies that will improve lead generation, increase new business acquisition and effectively drive existing account sales and profitability.  • Oversee and coordinate marketing campaigns and tactics with various digital agencies, including email service providers, SEM agencies, affiliates, and others. Lead in the evaluation, selection and management of agency partners.  • Work with Marketing to ensure consistent brand messaging, translate offline promotions to digital channels, and develop a seamless customer experience between offline and online.  • Understand the company’s strategies and maintain the digital marketing calendar.  • Direct the development, standardization, and execution of the brand across all online channels.  • Bridge eCommerce and Marketing through shared best practices that leverage expertise and maximize resources. • Collaborate with Analytics team to define, report, and interpret analytic results for all online channels. Leverage analytical insights to drive effective decisions.  *Characteristics of a Successful Candidate*   • Demonstrated strategic thinking and creative problem-solving activities with strong ability to implement.  • A Customer Experience champion, with the ability to see from the customer perspective and serve as their advocate.  • Demonstrated ability to interface with all levels of senior management and work cross functionally within a complex matrixed organization. • Must be exceptionally organized with superior time-management and planning skills. Adapts easily to changing situations and demonstrates flexibility in juggling priorities.  • Paid Search tactical management experience. Google AdWords certification is a bonus.  • Email marketing campaign development, segmentation, and performance analysis. Experience managing Email Service Providers is a bonus.   *Qualifications*   • Bachelor's degree required; MBA in Marketing or equivalent experience in online marketing preferred. • 5+ years of strategic and executional responsibilities in digital marketing or eCommerce required; (B2B or B2B2C experience is a bonus).    *About ReneSola*  Founded in 2005, ReneSola (NYSE:  SOL) is a leading global supplier of high-efficiency solar PV modules and wafers. Capitalizing on proprietary technologies, economies of scale, high production quality, and technological innovations and know-how, ReneSola leverages its in-house virgin polysilicon and solar cell and module production capabilities to provide customers with high-quality, cost-competitive solar wafers and modules. ReneSola possesses a global network of suppliers and customers which includes leading global module and cell manufacturers. With its vertically integrated supply chain, ReneSola customers are receiving their solar modules and wafers direct from the source. ReneSola solar modules are among the best in their class with respect to annual kilowatt-hour output and can be found in projects ranging in size from a few kilowatts to multi-megawatts all around the world. For more information please visit www.example.com.






5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed