About the Job Are you seeking a challenging and rewarding career? If so, ZINFI has a need for an outgoing, hardworking, successful marketing professional to work for world-class Information Technology clients.  This is a great full-time opportunity to join a growing global company. This position requires a high level of self-management and drive to build and manage a dynamic marketing services team. You will have the opportunity to learn quickly, prove yourself and thus have the potential to advance your career. ZINFI is a global company with its corporate office located in California and global offices located in  Australia, China, India, Korea, Malaysia, Romania, Singapore and UK, which results in opportunities in the future for employees to work abroad.    What you will be doing: • Develop and manage  integrated marketing campaigns, projects and programs from start to finish by working with IT clients, their channel partners and internal cross-functional project teams • Develop solid, strategic relationships with key decision makers within existing accounts  • Maintain account stability and health across a list of key clients as well as generate new business with upsell opportunities • Uncover upsell opportunities from an executive business development perspective, coaching and coordinating all key players within the internal organization  • Develop a strong understanding of the client’s business and demonstrate how ZINFI’s programs can assist them to achieve their business objectives • Establish and maintain processes to manage scope over the project lifecycle by managing the identification, resolution and escalation of project risks and issues hindering delivery of programs • Identifies program success criteria and uses these to anchor program strategies and monitor program execution • Track campaign progress at every step and proactively work with internal and external customer to steer campaigns in the right direction • Attend weekly calls with the client, send out daily and weekly activity reports and ROI analytics to the Client. • Manage and run inbound and outbound telemarketing services to onboard channel marketing partners for marketing programs, and provide tele-qualification services for partners’ installed base or regional markets • Coordinate with cross-functional team (design, database, telemarketing, etc.) to ensure that all logistics are aligned for flawless execution is achieved while meeting the campaign timeline • Manage remote operations center to provide integrated service delivery to world-class clients • Travel is about 25% of the time to visit clients   Desired Skills & Experience – About You • Business to Consumer and Business to Business marketing program management experience in Information Technology segment • 3-4 years minimum direct experience with account management required, with experience in upsell of company’s software and service suite strongly preferred  • Search, Social, Event and Other Digital Marketing and Telemarketing knowledge and management experience • You are proficient in using Marketing automation and CRM tools e.g. Salesforce, Marketo, or other for executing campaigns and tracking results. • Time management, cross-functional (creative, copy, web, software, telemarketing, etc.) resource management & program management skills • Knowledge of Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Outlook and intermediate computer skills • Highly organized, strongly self-motivated, ability to multi-task activities with shifting priorities • You can handle multiple projects simultaneously and meet tight deadlines. • Quick learner with a positive attitude; Strong decision-making, problem resolution and creative thinking skills • 7 to 10 years of experience preferred; 1-3 years or more of management experience preferred • College graduate required, MBA preferred   Reporting Structure – Who Will Help You Win • This role will be located in Salt Lake City, Utah, and will report to Director of Marketing Programs, Americas Region • This role will manage directly or indirectly a telemarketing team, a database marketing team, a creative services team and a copy writing team  Company Description – About ZINFI ZINFI Technologies Inc. is a leading provider of services with headquarters in Silicon Valley area, near San Francisco, California. ZINFI was established in 2003 and offers a unique work experience at a remarkably fast-growing technology company with an experienced management team. This is a special opportunity for someone to come into an exciting business and grow their career with ZINFI. Please visit our site at www.example.com






supervising-job associate-needed full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed