Job Position: Order Management Specialist Location: Santa Clara, CA Hiring Timeframe: Immediate  We are a technology distributor looking for a team member that has a background in one or more of the following work experience: Operations, Purchasing, Planning, Procurement, Customer Service, Office Manager, Accounting, Shipping.   Interested candidates please apply to our online job form here:   www.example.com  [About Us] Embedded Works Corporation (www.example.com) is a leading solutions provider of wireless and embedded computing technologies. Our mission is to assure that no customer is left behind in the wireless revolution. We are looking for an experienced team member to help build upon our 9 years of continued growth in the wireless industry.  [Job Description] As an Order Management Specialist, you will be responsible for processing sales orders, order fulfillment, and purchasing duties. This position is ideal for someone who likes the dynamics of working in a small company, enjoys helping customers, and thrives to improve operational excellence.  You will be a direct contributing member working closely with the sales, marketing, and management team. We are looking for someone who takes pride in “owning” their area of expertise, and helping other departments excel at theirs. The ideal candidate should have a background in one or more of the following: operations, procurement, logistics, purchasing, accounting, or customer service.  [Desired Skills]  We strive for a professionally rewarding, fun, and diverse working environment.  Our company culture fits with individuals who have an “I can-do and I can learn anything” attitude.  Candidates who catch our attention shall possess the following skills and experience: 1.Completed an Associate or Bachelors Degree. 2.Work experience in any or the following: operations, procurement, logistics, purchasing, accounting, or customer service. 3.Min 2+ years of Order processing (Invoicing, Billing, Credits, and RMAs). 4.Min 2+ years of Purchasing or Procurement (PO, Scheduling, Planning). 5.Min. 2+ years of Customer Service or Customer Support. 6.Shipping and Receiving experience, especially with international import/export rules. 7.Familiar with Inventory Control or Audit Procedures. 8.High attention to detail and accounting accuracy. 9.Excellent listening, written, and communication skills. 10.Professional demeanor, behaves with integrity and trust, and admits mistakes.   [Desired Tool Experience] 1.Advanced Microsoft Excel (formulas, pivot tables). 2.Quickbooks Premier Manufacturing and Wholesale Editions. 3.Shipping Software 4.CRM (Salesforce, Zoho)   [Benefits] •Salary based on work experience •Flexible Hours •Medical / Dental Insurance •Paid Holidays •PTO Vacation •Quarterly team outings  [How to Apply for this Position] Due to the number of inquiries, all interested candidates should inquire to this posting with their resume and a cover letter.   ***Please apply here*** www.example.com  ** PLEASE NO PHONE CALLS as HR will not accept calls for this position.






salary associate-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed