We are building a new leading-edge software engineering group in Orlando. This is a high paced startup environment within a large corporation. Join a highly visible engineering team within NBC Universal and Golf Channel. We are looking for the best software, quality, database engineers in the Orlando area.  Reporting to Senior Director of Engineering leads systems software development activities including design, development and implementation of software platform, system changes, and enhancements to the e-commerce platform of GolfNow.com  JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Directly responsible for design and implementation of various modules for the large suit of ecommerce products and consumer oriented web sites and Web Services • Manage front-end Content Management system that powers ecommerce platform • Write uses cases, requirement specifications, system documentation, and other project deliverables • Build software prototypes and develop highly scalable and secure web services and applications to support business requirements • Create automated unit test cases and test data • Test and debug code • Participate in code walkthroughs as needed to ensure quality • Deliver software on time and to specification, with minimal supervision • Build trust and cooperation between IT, internal clients, and external vendors • Manage end user expectations and gain user acceptance of all project deliverables • Other duties as assigned  EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: He/she will lead development efforts to build elegant, simple yet robust web based solutions.  • 7+ years of technical expertise including recent experience architecting, designing and launching high-performance ecommerce as well as associated consumer facing websites and web services in .NET (C#), ASP, ASP.NET and Windows stack. • 3+ years of experience with MS SQL Server. Oracle experience is a plus. • Proficient with HTML, CSS, DOM, JavaScript skills • Demonstrable experience with JavaScript frameworks • Experience with Ajax (Single-page interface; XPath targeting; Comprehensive event model; State and the observer pattern) • Java experience is a plus but not required. • Two to three years experience gathering requirements using OO analysis techniques and tools • Understanding of data modeling and SQL • Experience in a collaborative, team-driven software engineering environment. Participation in full development life cycle • Team player with strong analytical, problem-solving, and communication skills • Experience gathering and developing system requirements • Experience in a collaborative, team-driven engineering environment • Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written • Team player with strong analytical, problem-solving, and communication skills






5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job supervising-job licence-needed