Covenant House California's (CHC) Hollywood Program is currently seeking Full Time, Part Time and Per Diem RESIDENT ADVISORS. Covenant House California is a multi-service residential program dedicated to assisting homeless and at-risk youth/young adults by providing a wide range of Residential and supportive life skill services. These include attaining stable housing environments, employment, and life skills. Under the supervision of the Resident Manager, the Resident Advisor provides custodial supervision of the shelter, including coverage of the various areas of the facility inspect physical plant for safety and maintenance, provide all necessary documentation for residents files on a regular basis Resident Advisors coordinate and facilitate in-house group activities, and assist with supervision of residents during special activities and outings.  Part-Time -- Evening -- Friday through Monday 6:00pm - 12:00am (24 hrs/week)  Per Diem -- As needed -- Overnight, Evening and Day shifts  EDUCATION & QUALIFICATIONS: A High School Diploma is REQUIRED; Bachelor's degree in Psychology, Social Work, or related field is preferred. A minimum of 1 - 2 years of experience working with at risk or homeless youth is REQUIRED. Must have valid CA driver’s license, good driving record and reliable transportation. May be required to transport clients/staff if needed using agency transportation. Must have strong verbal and written communication skills and be highly organized. Must be a self-starter and team player with the ability to work with other staff members, clients, vendors, and the public.  ABOUT US: Become a part of an exciting and dynamic organization that makes a difference in the lives of homeless and at-risk youth!  An application can be obtained at www.example.com under Employment Opportunities.  Location: Hollywood, CA This is at a non-profit organization. Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster. Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.






bs-degree-needed 1-year-experience-needed