Great opportunity to join our fast growing organization as part of our Training and Development Team. The Product Trainer is responsible for the delivery of training programs to external and internal clients for CoCENTRIX. The position is responsible for the facilitation and presentation of courses and provides support for training course development and maintenance.   *Position Objectives:*  Ÿ  Assist with client product adoption by providing appropriate and timely training events.  Ÿ  Ensure customer satisfaction of training programs as part of a professional training team delivering training for product implementations and ongoing learning events.  Ÿ  Support CoCENTRIX business strategy and goals through training programs that contribute to the overall success of the organization, customers and staff.  *Essential Duties & Responsibilities:*  Ÿ  *Employ best-practice approaches in training external and internal clients on proprietary software and other related content.  Ÿ  *Facilitate small and large group training sessions via on-site ILT sessions and/or web-cast for implementation, refresher, and/or on-going training.  Ÿ  *With assigned clients, conduct training needs-analyses, set expectations about the training sessions, schedule courses, and deliver appropriate learning solutions.  Ÿ  *With internal clients, deliver assigned training content in collaboration with the training team.  Ÿ  *Maintain product knowledge expertise including new product rollouts, upgrades and enhancements.  Ÿ  *Spot-test software set-up specifications prior to training sessions for quality assurance.  Ÿ  *In collaboration with course designers, work to ensure courses are accurate, up-to-date, and provide appropriate level of detail and incorporate feedback from internal and external customers.  Ÿ  *Maintain CoCENTRIX training standards.  Ÿ  *Assist with the data input, maintenance and communication of CoCENTRIX learning management system.  Ÿ  *Develop and execute project plans to ensure timely delivery of learning modules using sound instructional design.  Ÿ  *Contribute to and/or lead project teams.  *Minimum Qualifications & Competencies:*   Ÿ  BA/BS education, communication, business, relevant clinical area or related concentration or equivalent.  Ÿ  Some specialized training and experience in adult learning principles.  Ÿ  2-4 years technical training in classroom and synchronous web-based training delivery.  Ÿ  Excellent classroom training skills, including the ability to train the use of technical tools to non-technical staff, develop good student rapport, and strong classroom management.  Ÿ  Ability to understand technical content and communicate well with subject matter experts and clients alike.  Ÿ  *Experience with electronic health record systems, behavioral health care, and/or billing processes strongly preferred.*  Ÿ  Experience with delivery of training for blended learning programs (e.g. ILT, CBT, WBT, distance learning).  Ÿ  Exceptional written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to make presentations, facilitate meetings, and conduct training.  Ÿ  Ability to manage tight deadlines using effective project management, organization, and prioritizing skills.  Ÿ  Good analytical skills.  Ÿ  1 year experience using a learning management system or comparable system of training management preferred.  Ÿ  Self-directed worker who takes direct responsibility for on-time task completion in a flexible, collaborative, and creative work environment.  Ÿ  High energy professional with a demonstrated ability to work in a team environment that requires multi-tasking, prioritizing, quick turnaround and quality output in a fluid environment.  Ÿ  Knowledge or experience with authoring Tools: Captivate, Flash, or Adobe Framemaker preferred.  Ÿ  Solid knowledge of all MS Office (2007 or higher) Products (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook), required.   Travel: up to 70% required  Position may be based at corporate Sarasota, Fl or Telecommute   EOE/DFWP






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed