Position Location:  Sarasota, FL or Remote    CoCENTRIX, Inc. has an opportunity for an *Application Consultant* to drive enterprise Microsoft CRM implementations, including all project phases such as initiation, analysis, design, build, test, and deployment. You'll work with the customer to define their requirements and then you will design and lead the system architecture process. Once that's complete, you will implement most of their customizations using the CRM web-based customizations tools. Creation of custom code is not required, but you'll need to understand how those related technologies work. Description of Duties and Tasks Essential duties and responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. Key Responsibilities • Become a subject matter expert on our Behavioral and Mental Health xRM solution • Conduct requirements gathering meetings with customers and prospects to understand their business and what customizations to our solution are necessary • Configure/customize CRM using web-based administration tools (form layout, workflow design, view creation, etc.) • Work with consultants and developers to define and create specifications for any configurations, custom code, or data migration requirements • Train end-users • Create knowledge transfer documentation • Test that our customizations meet the customer's requirements • Other assignments/projects as directed by management Qualifications • Bachelors Degree in Business Systems or related field (MBA a plus). • Minimum of two years of experience in project management, system design, or information systems. • Minimum of one year experience (or 5+ projects) implementing Microsoft CRM preferred. • Familiar with relational database concepts. • Self-governance – ability to manage own workload and communicate needs of projects to team and supervisors. • Must have excellent communication, leadership and client development skills. • Microsoft CRM certifications a plus, but not required. • Up to 30% travel required.  DFW/EOE






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed