A new yoga web site is preparing for a web site launch and is looking for a Director of Public Relations to lead all PR related efforts for our web site.  We are a U.S. based Boutique Internet Marketing & Web Development agency, and we seek people who are intrinsically motivated, eager to learn and have a cooperative, positive attitude to contribute to a harmonious, collaborative work environment. We seek people who can solve problems and contribute value.  This will be a 1 month project with an opportunity to establish a long term position on the Team. You will be expected to be accessible via an instant messenger platform for all billable hours.  The candidate selected for this position will be dynamic in nature with a minimum three years’ experience within the Public Relations field, have exemplary communication skills both verbal and written and be well versed within social media. They will plan and support development and communication of all public relations programs and marketing campaigns to create favorable public perceptions of the yoga web sites mission and accomplishments. In addition, they will efficiently prepare or edit organizational publications for internal and external audiences, including staff newsletters, press releases and owners reports. Finally, they will support and creatively communicate the web sites and owners initiatives to create awareness and popularity worldwide and in the immediate yoga community.  Qualifications  The preferred candidate will possess the following qualities:  • Be a well networked Director that has established cooperative relationships with lifestyle interest groups to include all media. • Has the ability to create and maintain relationships with influential members of the worldwide yoga industry • Is knowledgeable and passionate about yoga community with a proven record of creating ROI through marketing and PR efforts.  Please expect to sign an NDA/Confidentiality agreement.  To apply for this position, please submit a cover letter describing your applicable qualifications and a resume.  We will reply, promptly with a few questions which help us qualify applicants for further consideration.  Thanks for taking the time to read our classified ad. We appreciate your interest!






