Tampico Beverages, a growing multi-national company with corporate offices in Chicago, has an immediate opportunity for an Accounts Payable Coordinator  ABOUT US Besides being one of the top selling brands of Refrigerated Juice Drinks available in groceries across America and around the world, we are a team of dedicated people focused on bringing our consumers the best tasting, highest quality products at the best value. Please visit our website at www.example.com for more information.   Our employees are some of the best and brightest individuals in the food industry and enjoy the following benefits: vacation, health, dental, vision, life insurance, short & long term disability, employee assistance program, tuition reimbursement and ESOP.  POSITION SUMMARY:  The Accounts Payable Coordinator is responsible for all activities in the accounts payable function and ensures timely payments of vendor invoices and expenses.  Responsible for maintaining accurate control reports as well as reviewing applicable accounting reports and accounts payable register to ensure accuracy.  This position reports to the Chief Financial Officer.  PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:   • Oversees account payable record keeping, maintains all accounts payable reports, spreadsheets and corporate accounts payable files. • Processes accurate payment of company expenditures by reviewing all invoices for appropriate documentation and approval prior to payment. • Prepares and processes check runs, wire transfers, and ACH Payments • Ensures data integrity by entering accounts payable into database. • Maintains vendor files and prepares analysis of accounts as required. • Monitors vendor accounts to ensure proper timely payment. • Audits and processes all expense reports. • Calculate, create and distribute yearly 1099’s • Assists in monthly closings and account reconciliations. • Trains personnel on procedures such as expense report completion. • Updates and maintains Accounts Payable manual. • Answers all vendor inquiries • Performs other duties as assigned.  QUALIFICATIONS: • Associates degree required, BA preferred • 3+ years of experience • Intermediate MS product knowledge, Great Plains/MS Dynamics or equivalent a must • Familiar with a variety of the field’s concepts, practices and procedures. • Strong Mathematical skills  • Detail oriented with strong analytical and problem solving abilities.  • Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, ability to communicate with all level of the organization and customer base.  • Relies on extensive experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals and to make sound decisions • Results oriented with good planning, organizational and time-management skills.  Handles multiple tasks in a fast-paced deadline driven environment.  Delivers on commitments  • Works independently and with a team • High levels of confidentiality and professionalism  PLEASE APPLY AT:  www.example.com  www.example.com    NOTE:  Relocation is not provided for this position. No phone calls please. 






2-4-years-experience-needed associate-needed