Medical Assistant w/ Phlebotomy/Licensed Practical Nurse  (Seattle)      Vera Whole Health is a market-leading healthcare service that delivers comprehensive, intelligent primary care to employees via employer-funded worksite clinics.   At the core of our philosophy is the belief that behavior change is the only sustainable way to help people live healthier. And we've found through experience and research that a person's peer group is the primary motivator to that behavior change. That is why Vera Whole Health, in addition to offering primary care and health coaching to individuals, invests time and resources into helping companies change their health culture. This incredible opportunity is located at the Vera Whole Health Center at Springbrook, a worksite clinic serving the primary care needs of employees and their families.   Open Position: MA/LPN and Phlebotomist  -Reports to: Director of Practice Management  -Location: Greater Seattle Area  -Position Status: Full-time/hourly   Company Benefits Include: •Medical and Dental •Health Plan Concierge Navigation •Employee Assistance Program •Basic Life Insurance  •Retirement Plan  •Paid Time Off •Maternity/Paternity Leave •Transportation Reimbursement  •Continuing Education    Job Summary:   This position is responsible for a wide range of administrative and clinical tasks to assist our physicians and nurse practitioners. The float medical assistant/LPN performs duties at different clinic locations as needed and works variable hours as determined by clinic needs. The float medical assistant/LPN provides support in delivering excellent patient service, clinical support, front office duties, promotes health and wellness, and meets the needs of patients and their families. The float medical assistant/LPN ensures the clinic runs efficiently by managing the flow of patient services, monitoring resources, and works collaboratively with the clinic providers.   Job Responsibilities Included but not limited to:   -Delivers superb customer service that always places the patient first. Is friendly, engaging empathic, welcoming, and has excellent listening skills  -Welcomes patients by greeting in person or on the phone; answers and refers inquiries  -Prepares patients for examination by obtaining vital signs and other clinical information, such as biometrics, and patient demographics  -Obtains and records patient history  -Practices standard precautions  -Prepares patients for and assists with routine and specialty examinations, procedures, treatments and minor office procedures  -Performs phlebotomy, obtains specimens for microbiological testing  -Administers eye drops, topical ointments, inhaler treatments, vaccines and injections  -Performs CLIA-waived tests  -Responds to emergencies as needed  -Screens and follows up on test results  -Schedules appointments, handles multiple phone lines and email correspondence with excellent verbal and written communication skills  -Maintains patient confidence and protects operations by keeping patient care information confidential  -Performs inventory, orders and stocks clinic supplies as needed  -Maintains exam and treatment areas  -Provides education on the use of software and information technology for patients and families   Competencies:   -Is resourceful, problem-solves and maintains a professional demeanor at all times  -Demonstrates timeliness; is prepared to work by shift start-time  -Is a proven self-starter who takes initiative in creating and developing best practices  -Has the ability to deliver and receive quality, respectful feedback  -Promotes and believes in Vera's Whole Health's mission and values  -Desires to continually contribute to and participate in a team-based approach   Qualifications Included but not limited to:   -Two years direct patient care experience in primary care setting  -Current WA State MA-C licensure or current LPN license  -Current Healthcare Provider BLS certification by date of hire  -Proficient with medical terminology   Additional Desirable Skills Preferred:   -National Certification through the American Associations of Medical Assistants (AAMA) strongly preferred  -EMR familiarity and experience  -Strong computer skills   Physical Demands:   -Includes full range of body motion including the potential of handling and lifting patients, manual and finger dexterity and eye-hand coordination  -Requires standing, walking and sitting for extended periods of time  -Occasionally lift and carry items up to 50 pounds  -Requires corrected vision, hearing and speech within normal ranges  -Further Application Requirements:   Along with your resume, please submit a cover letter including the answers to the following questions:   1). Why did you choose to become a medical assistant/LPN and what is your background?  2). Why are you changing jobs, or why are you interested in this job?  3). Describe your clinical competencies. What practical clinical skills are you most confident in?What skills do you use the most in current/most recent job?   Summary:   We expect our health care team to have a passion for focusing on the patient and delivering excellent health care services that promote health and wellness. We evoke and promote a culture of creating an environment for healthier employees.   Vera Whole Health is an early stage company. Ours is a fast-paced environment where growth and change are constant. Our team does what's necessary to get the job done and is welcoming by being friendly and engaging. We hold a high standard for quality listening skills and are forever empathetic with each other and our patients.  Please apply via our website: www.example.com  Only applicants who apply directly within our website will be considered.






2-4-years-experience-needed hourly-wage licence-needed full-time-job