The Project Director is responsible for playing a key leadership role in the successful implementation of a large, complex Medicaid Management Information System (MMIS) and Pharmacy Point of Sale (POS) implementation project. The Project Director is responsible for providing oversight services to support the Iowa Medicaid Integrated Data Administration Solution (MIDAS) project and provide guidance to the Agency leadership staff throughout the analyze, configure and deployment (ACD) phases.  Additionally, the Project Director is responsible for managing Iowa’s compliance with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) requirements for the 7 conditions and standards, performance metrics and any other initiative or guidance to be analyzed by CMS.  *Location:* Des Moines, Iowa  *Industries:* Management, Consulting Services and Healthcare *Job Type:* Full Time, W-2 or 1099, No visa sponsorship *Years of Experience:* 8 to 10 years with at least one successful MMIS or POS implementation *Education Level:* Bachelors *Career Level:* Senior Management *Salary:* Commensurate with experience   *Leadership*  Serve in a leadership capacity throughout the lifecycle of the MIDAS implementation working on behalf of the Agency by serving the Agency’s interests.  Oversee the change control board (CCB) to ensure a successful implementation of the MIDAS project. The change control board consists of state executive staff that will monitor and authorize changes within the project. The Project Director will work collaboratively with the Project Oversight, Management and Integration (POMI) contractor who staffs the change control board to coordinate change management activities related to cost, scope and timeline.  During the MIDAS implementation and transition to operations, take the leadership role for the Agency in overseeing and working collaboratively with the Certification Manager in preparing for and orchestrating a successful CMS certification for both the MMIS and POS.  Work in collaboration with the Agency’s Quality Director to provide leadership and facilitate cooperation with all other project implementation teams, such as the quality assurance team, the independent verification and validation team, the MMIS and POS project teams so barriers between these various teams are removed.  *Oversight and Management*  Oversee the categorization and resolution of all risks, issues and action items and analyze problems through direct interaction with the MIDAS implementation teams or through escalation of critical issues to the Medicaid Director and Executive sponsors.  Collaborate with colleagues and the Executive Sponsors to orchestrate a smooth multi-faceted implementation of other the healthcare initiatives in the Agency including the new eligibility product, Data Warehouse, the ICD-10 project, the HITECH project, and the implementation of the Affordable Care Act (ACA).  Manage the MMIS, POS and Project Oversight, Management and Integration services contracts and state augmented positions.  Manage the integration of services in all areas related to MIDAS except the authorization of state funds. In areas of overlap, this position will work closely with the contract’s eligibility counterpart to make sure all requirements are covered.  Analyze the status of the MIDAS implementation on a daily basis, approving deliverables and removing barriers to its success and recommending resolutions to reduce risk.  Prioritize MIDAS implementation activities and issues along the critical path as necessary to advance the project toward a successful implementation.  Direct the implementation of MMIS and POS within the authority granted and escalate Agency decisions to the Medicaid Director or and the Executive Steering Committee as appropriate.  Provide input about all recommendations of risk mitigation and issue resolution from the implementation teams to internal and/or external stakeholders.  *Communication*  Communicate with stakeholders, project teams, other project directors, the executive steering committees and executive sponsors as needed to promote teamwork and a positive flow of information so lack of communication does not become a risk to the project.  Meet with the executive sponsors and the executive steering committee on a regular basis to advise these stakeholders of the progress and timeliness of the MIDAS implementation project.  Provide written reports to these entities as requested.  Meet with assigned state staff about any requests for expenditure of funds related to the MIDAS implementation project and make recommendations as to the appropriate authorization of these requests.  Develop and present, as requested by the Agency, presentations to stakeholders and outside entities about the MIDAS implementation.  Prepare and provide written status reports at intervals as determined by the Agency.  *Reporting*  Submit weekly status reports.  These reports will detail at the minimum the activity of the week, the planned activity for the next reporting period and any issues and risks that need to be resolved.  *The Project Director must possess the following designations and qualifications:*  System Integration – must be able to understand, evaluate, and vision the impact of this project upon other related systems.  MMIS and POS – must have experience in a managing a software development lifecycle (SDLC) for a POS or MMIS and have a thorough understanding of Medicaid policies and procedures.  State and Federal Statutes and Regulations – must be able to understand and interpret state and federal regulations pertaining to POS and MMIS, medical assistance systems, CMS certification, and the Affordable Care Act.  Collaboration – must be able to develop strong collaborative relationships between components of a complex, multi-layered organization.  Management – Must have experience managing the resources for a large, complex project including personnel and funds.  Prioritizing – Ability to identify and differentiate the importance of issues and risks, escalate or resolve those of a critical nature in a timely manner, meet deadlines, and excel in a fast paced work environment.   Leadership – Ability to facilitate a positive culture that supports Agency goals, promote individual and team initiatives, and foster open communication through all levels of the organization as well as possess outstanding interpersonal and conflict resolution skills.






bs-degree-needed full-time-job salary supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed