JOB DESCRIPTION Serves customers by providing product and service information; resolving product and service problems. Processes quotes and orders received from customer or company employee by performing duties including but not limited to entering and editing of orders in the system, determination of prices and filing orders received. Will work cooperatively with members of the team to grow existing customers, and create new customers while increasing customer satisfaction.    ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITES -Generate new and repeat sales by providing product and technical information in a timely manner.     -Determine customer requirements and expectations in order to recommend specific products and solutions.  -Present price and credit terms in accordance with standard procedures and communicates to customer’s new pricing with the correct multiplier.  -Accurately process customer transactions such as orders, quotes or returns and maintains files for these.  -Provide accurate information regarding availability.  -Obtain accurate information regarding expected date of delivery. Monitor scheduled shipment dates to ensure timely delivery and expedite as needed and revises shipping document to ensure compliance in regards to quantities and parts shipped.  -Setup and maintain customer files.  -Identify trends in customer satisfaction or dissatisfaction. Resolves product or service problems by clarifying the customer's complaint; determining the cause of the problem; selecting and explaining the best solution to solve the problem; expediting correction or adjustment; following up to ensure resolution. -Prepares product or service reports by collecting and analyzing customer information.  -Perform other duties as assigned.  -Manage time effectively, meet personal goals and work effectively with other members of the team.  PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS AND EDUCATION • Bachelor’s degree in technical or business discipline or equivalent experience. • Minimum of 6 years sales or customer service/sales support role. • Strong knowledge of the PVF industry. • Excellent communication skills are required, both written and oral. • Ability to sense and relate observations to business opportunities. • Proficient computer skills; salesforce expertise a plus.






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed