Benchmark Education, an innovative, growing educational publishing and technology company, is looking for a senior level Project Editor to join its Editorial Department. Benchmark provides exceptional supplemental and core educational resources to the K-12 school market. We deliver leading-edge, high-interest print and digital fiction and nonfiction, standards-aligned leveled texts, skill-building sets, and teacher tools that get results in the classroom. Our sister company, Newmark Learning, sells books and other learning tools to the public through educational retail outlets.   In this position, you’ll be responsible for all phases of development of new literacy products – from research and planning to production – for both Benchmark Education Company and Newmark Learning. Working with your colleagues from various departments, you’ll research and analyze market needs; develop concepts and propose new products; plan, manage and participate in the product development process; and contribute to marketing and sales efforts.   The successful candidate will have:  • At least five years of experience developing supplemental literacy materials for an educational book publisher • Superior writing, editing and project management skills • Up-to-date knowledge of language, literacy and content issues  • Excellent communication and organizational skills  • The proven ability to lead and mentor others • B.A. in English, education, or a related field (M.A. a plus)   You should be comfortable juggling several projects concurrently, and enjoy working collaboratively with other departments (e.g., design, marketing and IT) to deliver high-quality products on time and within budget. Teaching experience is a real plus.  Benchmark Education Company is creative, collaborative and productive. We offer competitive compensation, a casual, collegial work environment, and a comprehensive benefit program (including medical, dental and vision care benefits, a 401(k) plan and profit sharing, FSAs, life insurance, pre-tax commuter benefits, and on-site exercise class). Located in Southern Westchester County, our office is easy to reach from NYC.  To apply, e-mail your resume and cover letter (including salary history . We will only consider resumes accompanied by a cover letter.   Benchmark Education Company values diversity and is an Equal Opportunity Employer.






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed