Purpose, Duties and Job Specifications Primary Purpose: Under general direction has responsibility for ensuring that production and shipping requirements are met, appropriate staffing levels are maintained, employee relations are good, and a safe/clean work environment is maintained. Plans, directs, coordinates and controls manufacturing activities in several work areas to achieve established management goals in Production, Quality, Safety, and On-Time Delivery etc.  Primary Duties: Trains production personnel to perform work assignments safely and efficiently. Maintains good employee relations through coaching and consistent application of employee relation policies. Requisitions operating personnel to meet established goals. May facilitate employee team operations. May maintain accurate database information regarding employee training and certification. May review and coach employees in accordance with the plant goals. Administers and enforces health, environmental and safety standards, work practices and housekeeping policies and procedures. Arranges for proper maintenance of machines and equipment. May report daily indicators. Products built versus schedule and other KPIs etc.  Investigates material variances, reports results of investigation and recommends improvements. Solicits and encourages process, procedure and equipment improvements from team members. Insures deliveries are ready for shipment as scheduled. Overtime maybe required to meet internal and external customer requirements. Performs other duties as assigned. Communicates daily with leadership staff. NOTE: This is a general overview of the job duties, not a complete list of essential job functions.  Job Specifications:   Associates Degree is preferred but not required. Fiberglass experience is a plus. Minimum 4 years supervisory experience in manufacturing and or shipping/distribution.  Understands and uses the Situational Leadership Theory on a consistent basis. Must be able to work any required overtime.  NOTE: Send Resumes with salary goals included.  This job description indicates the general nature and level of work expected of the incumbent. It is not designed to cover or contain a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities required of the incumbent. Incumbent may be required to perform other related duties. Job Manufacturing and Operations Primary Location US-SC-Florence Organization Barrier Reef Pools LLC 






associate-needed supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed