*Must have a book of a current book of 2+ Million*  Dear Financial Advisor,  A New Career Opportunity is here for you. Investment Diamond Exchange is at the forefront of a 10 year bull market run in the price of diamonds. Diamonds are positioned to be one of top performing tangible assets of the decade, as growth in emerging markets fuels unprecedented demand, while the supply of diamonds remains constrained. 1-5 carat diamond prices have increased 11.8% per year, since 2001, and a number of analysts and global banks see continued double digit annual growth out to 2020.   About Investment Diamond Exchange:  Investment Diamond Exchange (IDX) is an internationally recognized diamond exchange located in Los Angeles, California. IDX was founded by a team of hedge fund traders and industry specialists to offer private investors a liquid and price transparent market for investment grade diamonds. Our mission is to offer the best value and service available to diamond investors. We do this by providing our clients with price transparency, liquidity, and exemplary customer service.  At Investment Diamond Exchange, we believe that taking physical delivery of tangible assets is the best way to preserve and grow wealth in our current economic environment. Through our strategic partnerships with diamond cutting factories all over the world, we are able to provide our clients with the lowest polished diamond prices in the industry. We know first-hand that liquidity is critical for investors, and the Investment Diamond Exchange was created specifically to help investors liquidate their diamond positions effortlessly.  Investment Diamond Exchange is an Equal Opportunity Employer. It considers applicants and its employees for all positions without regard to race, creed, color, gender, pregnancy or related condition, age, national origin, disability, medical condition, marital or veteran status, religion, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local civil rights laws.  *Must have 3+ years Financial Planning and Advisory Experience to inquire; no license is necessary.  To apply follow the instructions below:  1. Email your cover letter and resume to the email below.  2. Investment Diamond Exchange will contact you to set up a series of phone interviews.  Based upon our evaluation and current staffing needs, we may arrange an in person interview at our offices. We look forward to discussing this opportunity with you and answering any questions you may have.  BENEFITS:  The opportunity to earn world class compensation ($250,000 - $1,000,000) with an industry leader.   THE SKILLS WE REQUIRE:  1. *Must have 3+ years Financial Planning and Advisory Experience*  2. Honesty and an appreciation for superb client service.  3. Motivation and hard work.  4. Commitment to professional and ethical business practices.  5. Availability to begin work April 15, 2013.  Sincerely,  Investment Diamond Exchange  Keywords: sales, investment, investments, commodity broker, futures broker, brokerage firm, commodity trader, trader, securities, commodities, gold, silver, futures, stocks, options, broker, trading, options broker, futures trader, options trader, series 3, series 6, series 7, series 63, stocks, bonds, mortgage broker, loan officer, finance, telemarketing, cold calling, sales rep, account executive, professional sales, Marketing, Telesales, telephone sales, financial sales, financial services, banking, Mutual Funds, Hedge Fund, Insurance, Property and Casualty, subprime, 310, 818, 562, 323, 626, 213 Refinance Mortgages, Mortgage, Realtors, Real Estate Sales, energy, gas, oil, banking, financial advisor, financial adviser, investment banking, wall st., career






2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job