Do you want an exciting and varied role?  Are you a self-starter and able to work unsupervised?  Can you think on your feet and understand what customer service really is?    The Tad James Company is a Leading Personal Development and Coaching Company based in Henderson/Las Vegas, NV and we are looking for an enthusiastic & charismatic Sales Support Coordinator to join our team. Due to healthy growth within the business and industry, we require a new part time Coordinator to join our Las Vegas office, to assist with the increase in demand for our trainings.    The role will entail:  • Customer liaising and relations   • Provide customer service follow-through to include customers inquires and setting appointments for the sales team.  • Provide customer satisfaction by responding to incoming phone calls and resolving requests and complaints in a timely proactive manner using positive and effective communication techniques.  • Maintains highly confidential and highly sensitive information and files, correspondence and records.  • Implements processes to maintain accurate data and record keeping.  • Distributes all incoming and prepares all outgoing mail.  • Organizes and expedites work as required by the sales team personnel.   • The opportunity to make sales calls yourself and earn commission and bonuses.     The right person will have the following qualities:  • Efficient with a high level of attention to detail  • Strong communication skills (proficient use of the English language, both written and verbal)  • Understands the importance of good customer service   • Reliable, flexible and honest   • Ability to manage multiple tasks   • Results orientated with strong organizational skills    Preferred Experience:   • Associate’s degree  • Two (2+) plus years of Administrative sales experience or tradeshow work experience  • Working knowledge of Microsoft Office Software (required)    Ready for your next Sales Support Coordinator role with both career and personal growth?   Submit your resume online now!  We are looking for an immediate start.   






2-4-years-experience-needed associate-needed