Real People. Important Work.    At Concord Hospital, sophisticated healthcare begins with people who envision the ideal experience, then make it happen. Real, reliable people who invest their energy to make us an outstanding regional medical center. We are currently seeking a:    Health Outreach Coordinator - Center for Health Promotion  Concord Hospital, Concord, New Hampshire    The Health Outreach Coordinator plans, organizes and executes high quality, community outreach programs that further the mission of Concord Hospital of improving the health and wellness of the community. This position also provides leads and develops community education programs. The Coordinator will develops and support the Business Partners in Health initiatives as well as coordinate outreach objectives of Concord Hospital in both hospital and community settings. This position will also utilize best-practice teaching methods for all forms of teaching and assist with fiscal responsibility of programs.    To qualify for this position you must possess four years of formal training or education beyond the high school level (e.g., Bachelors Degree). At least 5 years of experience in Health Promotion, or seven to ten years in life style behavior change experience and/or training, or equivalent combination of education and experience.    At Concord Hospital, we consider ourselves very fortunate to be located in a family-friendly area with limitless recreational and cultural activities, an affordable cost-of-living and a strong sense of community. From our close proximity to the city of Boston to the magnificent White Mountains and the Lakes Region to the state’s strip of Atlantic seacoast, the Granite State is a vacationland of rugged outdoor adventure and urban charm. Newcomers are often surprised that New Hampshire has beaches. Although the state’s coastline is short, its saltwater beaches are accessible and pristine. Concord, the capital, is a lovely, walkable New England city with beautiful parks and gardens and historic attractions close at hand. If you like a good bargain, shoppers flock to outlets in North Conway and the Lakes Region.     To learn more about Concord Hospital and to apply please visit our site at: www.example.com      Additionally, please visit our Human Resources microsite at:  www.example.com    We are an equal opportunity employer.    






bs-degree-needed full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job