New York based VC backed eCommerce and Healthcare Internet Company is seeking a talented Lead .Net Developer who has experience with eCommerce shopping carts and loves working in a fast paced, high growth, small team environment.  Compensation includes competitive salary, benefits, commissions, and an equity stake in our growing firm.   The ideal candidate will have extensive .Net experience as well as the ability to manage a team and be the point person for all development decisions, maintaining full code ownership at all times. This person will be leading a team of four developers to roll out new features, improve security and drive overall site performance.    Must be self-motivated, energetic, and eager to make a difference. This is a great opportunity to get involved in a quickly growing and dynamic company which has already received mention by smartmoney.com, daily news, crainsnewyork.com, AOL, etc.   Your responsibilities will be: • Lead the development team, which is currently made of two in-house developers, and two off-site QA engineers.  We are planning to add an offshore team as well, which will be reporting to you as well. • Take the ownership of code development from planning to release. • Make major architectural decisions related to security, reliability, performance and scalability of the application. • Communicate with the rest of the team to understand the business requirements and translate them to development specs. • Make sure the dev team is focused and motivated. • Ensure timely delivery of development projects. • Ensure best coding practices are followed, including but not limited to design, documentation, source control, testing and deployment.    Our requirements are: • We are looking for someone who has a solid understanding of how modern eCommerce web sites are built. • Understanding of the security and performance requirements for a high volume eCommerce site. • Normally you would have at least 7 years of experience as a programmer.  Most likely at least 5 years in web development. Preferably direct experience building or maintaining an asp.net based eCommerce site. • Proficiency with jQuery is highly desirable, since we are using it extensively. • You need to have gone through a full life cycle of a web application development. • Proficiency in writing and optimizing SQL statements.






5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job