CTM Media Group has built its success and reputation on being an information distribution leader - offering clients a variety of innovative, relevant distribution formats to proactively reach visitors in key major markets. Smart clients have continued year after year to choose CTM as an integral partner in developing their marketing strategy.    We are currently searching for an experienced Media Sales Consultant to join our sales team, located in Woburn, MA. This position is a perfect opportunity for someone who loves the Greater Boston Metropolitan area and wants to promote it, while having a lot of fun along the way!      The focus of this position will be new business development, particularly with regard to our digital product offerings. The ideal candidate is someone that has a true hunter mentality; is experienced in and excited about digital and media solutions; has an entrepreneurial spirit, and thrives in a sales culture that is consultative, client focused and needs based. This position will afford opportunities to help grow our business by providing creative, out of the box bundled solutions through a diverse product line that includes digital products, targeted brochure distribution, tourism maps, and advanced mobile marketing including text alerts and web advertising.  Clients and prospects include attractions, ski and sport businesses, neighborhood/business associations, and tourism and convention organizations.     We offer a competitive base salary + commission, and comprehensive benefit package.     Since 1983, CTM Media Group is a world leader in distributing relevant information to visitors who desire to maximize their vacation experience.     With a comprehensive network of over 11,000 traveler information stands, functional and content rich maps and new media initiatives reaching travelers in over 25 states and provinces in the U.S, Canada, and Puerto Rico, CTM Media Group captures the prime visitor demographic. CTM Media Group is a leader in place based media and digital information platforms reaching a $750+ billion travel and tourism industry.     If you think you are the best candidate and CTM's next superstar, please call Steven Guerrini, Regional Sales example@example.com and tell him why. If you must send a resume, send it with a cover letter. Please know that ALL call inquiries will be considered first and no resume will be accepted without a personalized cover letter.  






salary