Pastry Maker for Pampeana Empanadas  Pampeana is a small, local business that makes delicious (we think!) South American pastries called empanadas. We sell our products at farmers markets in Tacoma and Seattle, and serve at many local events like the Moveable Feast.  Being a small business, it’s hands-on-deck for everyone involved and can be very fast-paced during summer months and more mellow other times – if that sounds fun to you, then this job is for you!  Position Description: This position will be responsible for making the light, flaky pastry shells for Pampeana Empanadas. The dough is used for the empanadas we fill and sell (both baked and frozen), and also for the packages of dough rounds we sell to customers who want to make their own empanadas.  Job Duties: • Conduct the multiple steps involved in creating the dough from basic ingredients to finished product • Operate the sheeter through multiple steps to layer the dough • Maintain quality control to ensure all dough discs are consistent and attractive • Create up to 1000 shells/week in high season (summer) • Maintain high standards for food safety and hygiene  Job Requirements: • Be able to comfortably place the raw dough in the sheeter which stands about 5 feet high • Stand at the sheeter for several hours • Be absolutely reliable in work attendance • A willingness to perform other duties as needed to help other employees when busy • Willing to have an account at Bank of America for direct deposit of paychecks • An eye for any product or process improvements is a plus! • Experience with dough making and using a sheeter is a plus but not required  Location: Work location is the commercial kitchen at Cultura Event Center at 5602 S. Washington St. in Tacoma. There is parking on-site and a bus stop near the location.  Hours: Approximately 15 hrs/week November through March, then approx. 25 hrs/week April through October. Work days are Monday through Thursday, with flexibility. Year-round position. Pay:  $9.50/hr.  Payroll position.






hourly-wage part-time-job