Envision, Inc.  Administrative Assistant   Basic Areas of Competency- An overview   The Administrative Assistant under general supervision, but according to established policies and procedures, is responsible for providing secretarial and administrative support services such as preparing correspondence, scheduling meetings, maintaining files, and conducting special projects and assignments. Duties require a thorough knowledge of Supervisor's area of responsibility in order to gather needed data.  • Receives and screens visitors and/or telephone calls and appropriately notifies the appropriate person, takes and relays accurate messages, and answers routine inquiries.   • Performs a wide variety of word processing tasks to prepare correspondence, reports, charts, and graphs, which may be confidential in nature.   • Coordinates meetings, conferences, travel arrangements, schedules appointments, and performs other duties related to maintaining the Supervisor's calendar.   • Establishes, maintains and updates record-keeping and filing systems; classifies, sorts and files correspondence, articles, reports, and other documents.   • Attends meetings as requested in order to take, prepare, and distribute minutes to appropriate personnel.   • Opens, sorts, reviews and distributes mail. Maintains an appropriate level of office supplies and keeps work areas well stocked.   • Performs a variety of special projects, as requested, which relate to job responsibilities of immediate Supervisor and functional are   Qualifications:  1) High School Diploma or Equivalent Preferred 2) At least 18 years old 3) At least six months of work experience in the field of Mental Retardation or Developmental Disabilities preferred. Education in the areas of Mental Retardation or Developmental Disabilities will be accepted in the absence of work experience. 4) Valid Driver’s License 5) Proof of Vehicle Insurance 6) Must be able to pass a background check 7)     Must have at least 3 years of DIDD training






2-4-years-experience-needed