BISON CABLE, INC. COMCAST RETAIL SALES REPRESENTATIVE  Earn a full-time income working part-time as a Comcast Retail Sales Representative. We are seeking a outgoing and motivated individual with great communication skills to sell Digital Phone, Digital Cable and High-Speed Internet at local \"big box\" stores (Walmart, Sears, Best Buy, etc).    Candidates for this position should have a strong knowledge of Comcast's cutting-edge products and must be able to build value presenting the benefits of Xfinity services. These include 100's of HD and On Demand channels, the most live sports and the fastest Internet in the nation.   Retail Sales Representatives must be enthusiastic and have the ability to relate to customers from all walks of life. Must also have be able to work independently.  We are currently looking for representatives in the following stores:  -Hooksett, NH -Derry, NH -Hudson, NH -Chelmsford, MA -Framingham, MA -Quincy, MA -Salem, MA -Danvers, MA -Leominster, MA  Compensation: Bison Cable offers a generous commission program (average $12-$18/hour).  Hours: Part-time positions available. Must be able to work evenings and weekends. Must be reliable and on-time. This is a great opportunity for college students, working moms, retired professionals and anyone else who is comfortable working directly with the public.  Required Skills: Reliable transportation Basic Microsoft Office computer skills with a working knowledge of Excel. Adequate physical condition to be able to be on your feet all day and lift weight up to 25 pounds.  Able to comply with the policies and procedures of Bison Cable and Comcast. Previous experience a plus! Bi-lingual skills a plus!  Additional Requirements: Current valid driver's license.  High school diploma or equivalent.  Able to pass criminal background, motor vehicle record check and pre-employment drug and alcohol testing.  Call Tom at  XXX  or e-mail your resume.   Bison Cable does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, marital status, disability and genetic information, age, membership in an employee organization, or other non-merit factor. Job   Segments: Cable TV, Cellular, Wireless, Retail Sales, Internet, Telephone, Customer Service, Sales Associate Telecommunications






part-time-job hourly-wage