Logistics Analyst IV - Life Cycle Management Command (LCMC) –Medical Liaison Officer (LNO)  Location: Continental United States (CONUS) Installations located at Fort Lewis, WA  Clearance: National Agency Clearance and Inquiries (NACI) clearance (minimum requirement)  General Description: Looking for a Logistics Analyst IV - Life Cycle Management Command–Medical Liaison Officer to perform medical liaison support services supporting the US Army Medical Materiel Agency (USAMMA) at Fort Detrick, MD.  USAMMA is the executive agent for U.S. Army Medical Research and Materiel Command (MRMC) and requires medical liaison support to augment its core skills and technologies, which center on conducting life cycle management for commercial and non-developmental items, sustaining and modernizing the medical force, supporting exercises and contingency operations, and promoting medical logistics information and knowledge.    The intent of the USAMMA's medical liaison officer (M–LNO) program is to ensure that operational units maintain an increased state of readiness regardless of where they are in the Army Force Generation (ARFORGEN) cycle. This program allows USAMMA to be more responsive and flexible while quickly addressing customer concerns and requests. The M–LNO program's current structure within the continental United States is meeting customer expectations and additional M-LNO’s are needed.   This position will serve as the Forward Site Coordinators for USAMMA in order to assist stakeholders and customers in the execution of USAMMA's Strategic Goals and Objectives at Fort Lewis, WA.  As agency representatives, medical liaison personnel will assist stakeholders and customers, which include Active Component, National Guard Component, and Army Reserve Component as applicable in the immediate respective geographical area based upon the Army Field Support Brigade (AFFSB) containment areas.  Regular duty hours are 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM, Monday through Friday, excluding 10 Federal Government Holidays.  Personnel may be required to work overtime in addition to normal working hours; overtime will be authorized and approved in advance.   Main Accountabilities: This position is responsible for, but not limited to:  • Coordinating actions on behalf of the Life Cycle Management Command (LCMC) – Medical at the identified location. • Conducting unit and stakeholder Reset briefings and on-site assessments, and fielding status of Reset actions. • Attending Reset (ARFORGEN) conferences, training, and providing materiel disposition to customers.   • Providing technical expertise in the areas of materiel fielding, medical maintenance planning with a thorough understanding of the Army Medical Logistics Enterprise. • Providing feedback and making recommendations on agency Reset or related projects and plans to ensure success. • Assisting in discussions and negotiations to resolve problems and develop solutions related to medical materiel and biomedical maintenance task areas. • Issuing and replying to Requests for Information (RFIs) as needed with the following agencies:  Army Materiel Command (AMC), Army Sustainment Command (ASC), U.S. Army Forces Command (FORSCOM), the Office of the Surgeon General (OTSG), and unit level to include Brigade Combat Teams (BCTs), division level units in theater of operations, as well as their home station; units smaller than BCT, commonly referred to as Separates, and internal Communications and Electronics Command (CECOM) directorates for Weapons Systems, Program Executive Offices, and Program Managers.   • Participating and collaborating in various installation level meetings and forums. • Facilitating the delivery of technical guidance as needed to unit level to include, BCTs, Echelon above Brigade Combat Team (EABCT) units, and Separates within the AFSB region; as well as coordinating with USAMMA, MED LCMC LNOs, stakeholders, and customers. • Coordinating maintenance requirements with local facilities and units, to include Medical Treatment Facilities and Medical Logistics units, as well as USAMMA's three Medical Maintenance Depots at Tracy, Hill, and Tobyhanna. • Gathering equipment and medical materiel readiness information.  Performing administrative tasks associated with gathering and reporting this information.  An example of this requirement is to provide and maintain recapitalized biomedical equipment data.  This data shall be warehoused at USAMMA. • Coordinating infrastructure/facilities at locations within the AFSB region in order to support USAMMA and units with Medical Reset fielding, total package fielding missions, and other missions as required. • Coordinating with units, USAMMA Force Sustainment and Force Integration and Operations Directorates, regarding scheduled Reset fielding and LBE requirements in the development of estimates for manpower, travel costs, and trip lengths in order to meet all medical LBE and Reset requirements. • Providing weekly Status Reports that include work planned and completed, and meetings/conferences attended.  Reports shall be provided in MS Word format by close of business every Friday. • Assisting units and local medical treatment facilities with the coordination of complete field level Reset requirements in order to meet timelines defined in the Executive Level Fielding Schedule (ELFS). • Coordinating requirement estimates and resource recommendations for units conducting Reset operations, to include equipment density reports, maintenance requirements, and equipment disposition instruction requirements.  Desired Qualifications: - Superior customer service and phone skills; strong verbal communication, problem solving, time management, and organizational skills. - Full command of MS Office applications. - Must possess professional writing skills and ability to correspond with professionals both verbally and in writing. - Experience and/or familiarity with Army Reset Management Tool (ARMT), Logistics Information Warehouse (LIW), and Property Book Unit Supply Enhanced (PBUSE).   - Understanding of medical materiel and biomedical maintenance requirements under the ARFORGEN model.  - Familiarity / training with Department of Army (DA) and Department of Defense (DoD) Information Assurance procedures and policies. - Familiarity / training with DA and MRMC procedures and policies pertaining to the Privacy Act and Personally Identifiable Information (PII). - Ability to work independently or with a team a must - At least 5 years demonstrated work experience in an administrative office environment including 2 years of hands-on experience in the fields of Logistics, Logistics Management, Supply Management, Medical Logistics (MEDLOG), and/or Logistics Analysis.   - Based around Fort Lewis, WA.  Education: - Qualified candidates must have a high school degree or GED.  AA, BA or BS degree a plus. - Applicable hands on experience in the fields of Logistics, Logistics Management, Supply Management, Medical Logistics (MEDLOG), and/or Logistics Analysis required.






5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job