Social Media & PR Strategist - Healthcare Position Description: Social Media & PR Strategist - Healthcare will run day-to-day media relations and social media outreach activities for an innovative telemedicine company. The candidate should possess strong proper grammar usage, proofreading abilities, be detail and deadline oriented, and a team player, along with being creative and pro-active. Job Duties include, but are not limited to: 1. Content Management: Write and Update Company Internet or intranet web pages. 2. Social Media: Develop strategic social media content, write and constantly post news on social media, monitor and analyze social media trends and their impact on the company brand. 3. Blog: Write and constantly post new articles on the blog 4. Newsletter and E-mailing: Develop viral marketing campaign, write newsletter and proof read all marketing materials 5. Targets: Identify main client groups and audiences and determine the best way to communicate publicity information to them. 6. Press Releases: Write interesting and effective press releases, prepare information for media kits. 7. Media: Develop partnership with media 8. Corporate image: Develop and maintain the company's corporate image and identity, which includes the use of logos and signage. 9. Speeches: Draft speeches for company executives, and arrange interviews and other forms of contact for them. 10. Client Service: Troubleshoot and answer prospects questions related to the products and services being offered (through Contact Form and Social Media) 11. Reporting: Report and Communicate marketing analytics, including Internet trends. Performing web and email analysis. Constantly make recommendations on overall strategy. 12. SEO: Responsible for managing the optimization strategy.  Skills: • Excellent verbal and written communication skills and ability to interact and manage to the expectations of the client, vendors, and internal resources with all levels of clients and technical resources. • Has a natural inclination and passion to grow by making things better for clients and our company • Show superior judgment and professionalism when corresponding with partners and team members. • Ability to work as a self-starter, take initiative • Exceptional organizational skills and ability to multi task in a timely fashion • Strong ability to provide customer satisfaction • Exceptional analytical skills: ability to analyze data, draw conclusions, execute recommendations and implement remedies • Able to work under pressure in a fast paced, ever changing environment to meet aggressive deadlines   Qualifications:  • 3+ years of work experience • Bachelor Degree and excellent academic record • Proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Project.  • Preferred if trained in Wordpress, Constant Contact. • Experience with Web marketing programs and social media strategy execution. • Familiarity with SEO, Web communications, architecture & navigation, design and content strategies is a plus • Experience in Healthcare is a plus






bs-degree-needed full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed