OVERVIEW Fulfilling the Operations Manager position at Anastas Controls Company places you at the core of a small business. You interact with customers, vendors, and company personnel consistently. You oversee, design, and control business operation. You strategize to improve processes and procedures ensuring business operations are efficient and effective in meeting our customer's requirements. You perform duties within and coordinate the various departments in order to meet the end goal - complete customer satisfaction through sales and service while aiming to maximize total revenue.  JOB DESCRIPTION This full-time, mid-level position will evolve to an upper-level position through training and job exposure. Beginning with basic customer interaction and service while training and becoming acclimated to the general day-to-day operations. In-house product and job training will be provided. Vendor-based product training will also be provided and will commence within a predetermined time period. Eventually, you will possess the ability to manage all operations of the company, indicative of the upper-level position.  MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES As the Operations Manager, you will be responsible for managing all business operations. A very important aspect of this position is ensuring high-quality customer service. For example, addressing customer requests promptly and professionally . General customer service, generating quotations, and order processing are a few functions encountered on a daily basis. From the receipt of a customer's order to the receipt of the associated payment, you will follow each order from issuance to fulfillment handling all logistics and financial aspects. Order processing will include: processing a customer's purchase order by issuing a vendor purchase order, securing a vendor order acknowledgement, and providing the customer with an order acknowledgment. Keeping track of the order throughout the entire fulfillment process, Accounts payable duties will include: receiving merchandise through processing vendor invoices, processing vendor payments, and managing open payables. Accounts receivable duties will include: issuing customer invoices, processing customer payments, tracking and issuing statements to past-due customers, preparing bank deposits, and reconciling accounts. Other duties can include: sales report analysis, marketing, sales generation through coordinating sales calls, and maintaining an organized working environment.  REQUIREMENTS You must have professional verbal and written communication skills. Must be proficient in the operation of a Microsoft Windows based computer. Management , business, accounting, and/or sales experience required. Must be a professional and responsible individual motivated to learn quickly and dedicated to a career managing a small business. Marketing experience, computer networking and web design skills are preferred but not required.  QUALIFICATIONS 1) Must have a minimum of an Associate degree in management , business, or accounting. Or 2+ years management, business, accounting, or sales experience. 2) Must have experience managing accounts payable and accounts receivable. 3) Proficient with Microsoft Windows XP, Vista, and 7 Operating Systems. 4) Proficient with Microsoft Office - Word, Excel, Access, Outlook, and PowerPoint. 5) Proficient with Intuit QuickBooks 2008 or later.






associate-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job supervising-job