Are you looking for a new opportunity to maximize your skills and help others? Working directly with an Allstate Exclusive Agent independent contractor might be your answer.    Allstate agencies strive to provide excellent service to customers by assisting them with their insurance and financial services needs. Insurance Sales Producer opportunities are for true sales and customer-oriented individuals. In an agency staff position you will have the opportunity to work as a member of a team of professionals focused on providing insurance and financial products to help customers protect their homes, cars, lives and retirement incomes.    Allstate Exclusive Agents are independent contractors representing Allstate and are not Allstate employees. They have the freedom to plan their agency’s direction, growth and future. As an agency staff member, you will be an employee of the agency and not of Allstate Insurance Company or its affiliates. Agency staff members perform a fundamental role in servicing customers, supporting agents and building strong relationships with the community.      Duties include:    Various locations within the area. Compensation and actual job responsibilities are determined by the Exclusive Agent but duties may include:    • Cross-selling existing customers with other Allstate products  • Prospecting and generating new business through leads & referrals  • Generating quotes  • Conducting policy reviews & updating policies  • Processing payments & reporting claims  • Providing excellent customer service  • Relationship building    Requirements:    • Excellent Communication/interpersonal skills  • Confident, self-starter who works well independently  • Must have ability to multi-task  • Good organizational skills  • A Property & Casualty license with one year minimum insurance agency experience preferred.    If you or someone you know would like additional information regarding this opportunity, please apply.     All responses and referrals will remain confidential. We look forward to hearing from you!






1-year-experience-needed licence-needed