Ensign Services, Inc. (ESI) seeks a talented and inspiring Vice President of Employee Benefits to join its Service Center Team.   *About the Company*  ESI is a team of service-oriented professionals who work together to provide centralized clinical, legal, HR, training, accounting, IT, payroll, compliance, and other expertise and resources to a dynamic and expanding base of 119 long-term care facilities, nine home health and seven hospice businesses and an urgent care chain, all located in eleven Western states. These businesses have no corporate headquarters or traditional management hierarchy. Instead, they are supported by ESI’s “Service Center,” which allows over 14,000 on-site caregivers and leaders to focus on day-to-day care and business issues in their individual operations.   *About the Opportunity*  This position requires a leader who will elevate the vision, planning and execution of our employee benefit programs offered to affiliated operations by partnering with our Employee Benefit Team, Service Center Team, operation leaders and insurance brokers.  Ensign believes strongly in our “CAPLICO” Core Values, which includes the philosophy of “Customer Second.” We believe that only after first taking great care of employees will they then be able to take great care of the customer.  The opportunities for the Vice President of Employee Benefits to lead our overall strategy coincide perfectly with “Customer Second.” We place high value on candidates with drive, humility and who embrace all of our Core Values, including  “Accountability” and “Love One Another.”  *Duties*   * Develops and executes a clear benefit strategy with both long-term and short-term objectives in line with growth and direction of the organization. * Monitors and analyzes costs and outcome data of all benefits (expenses, claims trends, employee satisfaction scores, etc.) and regularly reports these findings to the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Human Capital Officer. * Coordinates and manages relationships with benefit brokers, vendors and internal departments. * Keeps updated on the employee benefit market to understand trends, changing laws and best practices. * Establishes and maintains strong working relationships with leaders throughout the organization to understand the benefit needs of employees in different business lines and geographies. * Evaluates benefit options and new opportunities from insurance and investment companies, and develops benefit programs that meet employee and organizational needs and goals. * Oversees the implementation and administration of employee benefit programs, including the preparation of various communication modes that will best inform and educate the employee populations of affiliated operations. * Supervises the Director of Benefits, Compensation and HRIS who is responsible for managing the Employee Benefits Team.  *Experience/Education*  * Multiple years of experience managing personnel and employee benefits processes, including working directly with insurance brokers, software vendors, developing and implementing benefit plan designs and managing large-scale open enrollments. * Bachelor’s degree from a four-year university or college.  MBA or other related master’s degree preferred.  *Desired Skills*   * Mathematical skills: Prepares and monitors budgets, broker commissions, claim data, income, costs, investments and other related accounting concepts with ease.  An advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel is essential. * Language skills: Analyzes and interprets policies, legal documents, contracts, financial reports, etc.  Effectively presents information to employees, management, prospective partners, public groups and boards of directors. * Well reasoned in defining problems, then gathering data and facts to reach valid conclusions.  Easily interprets a wide variety of technical and financial details, and quickly comprehends new concepts and variables. * Connects well with all types of people and positions throughout the organization.   This role reports to the Chief Human Capital Officer.  Some travel required at times.  ESI offers an attractive compensation package including a competitive base salary, bonuses and stock options.   If you meet the expectations outlined above, please submit your resume with salary history/requirements along with a brief cover letter explaining why you believe you are the right candidate   *Contact Information*   All inquiries held in strict confidence. Resume with salary history & requirements can be emailed with Subject Line: VP of Employee Benefits  No recruiters please.  Ensign Services, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer.






bs-degree-needed supervising-job full-time-job salary