World Wildlife Fund (WWF), the global conservation organization, seeks a Presentation Design Specialist for its Markets Program to collaboratively design and produce communications and outreach material, in particular PowerPoint presentations and articles, to meet the growing speaking engagement portfolio and other outreach needs of departmental leadership. Duties include: 1) Preparing PowerPoint presentations, including researching and selecting photographs, artwork, and illustrations; researching, selecting and/or preparing graphic representations of data and analytical information on market, company, commodity, population, and consumption trends; and designing layout and presentations; 2) Undertaking background research on specific topic areas; 3) Performing file management of communications products, including creating a digital library; and 4) Writing and editing papers and articles emerging from presentations and other outreach, as appropriate. This position will work closely with the Markets Program Senior Vice President and other Markets program staff, WWF Communications Department, private sector partners and the NGO community.    A bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience and eight years experience in presentation design required. A graduate degree or graduate training is preferred.  Expert level skills and significant experience in PowerPoint presentations are required. Expert level skills in other presentation and design software such as Apple Keynote, Corel Presentation, Flash, Photoshop, Illustrator, and/or InDesign are highly preferred, as is strong ability in Microsoft Office products. Attention to detail, ability to meet deadlines, good interpersonal skills, and fluency in English are also critical. The candidate must also be able to work with a range of constituencies, including NGOs and the private sector.    AA/EOE Women and minorities are encouraged to apply.  To submit cover letter and resume please visit www.example.com, job # 11086  






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed