Residential Outside Sales Representative    TruGreen is committed to Diversity and Inclusion. We encourage diverse candidates to apply to this position.     An Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer – AA/EOE/M/F/D/V     Responsibilities   • Generates sales revenue by adding new program customers as well as cross-selling and upselling current customers.   • Sells programs and services door-to-door to existing and prospective customers through means of traveling around assigned territory. Determines target geographic selling area on a weekly basis.   • Creates selling strategy sales pitch and formulates answers and objections. Negotiates with customer and closes the sale.   • Conducts follow-up of leads through means of person-to-person contact to identify customer needs.   • Conducts retention and service calls through means of person-to-person contact. Meets branch retention standards.   • Conducts in-home and attic inspections to evaluate current insulation in-house and recommends insulation services as needed.   • Determines pricing by measuring and calculating square footage to branch price list.   • Estimates date of service to customer based on knowledge of branch production and service schedules.   • Accurately completes reports and maintains proper sales reports.     Education and Experience Requirements   • High School Diploma or general education degree (GED)   • 1 years of sales experience preferred     Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities   • General knowledge of the industry, organization, products, and/or services   • Demonstrated knowledge of selling techniques (prospecting, overcoming objections,   closing sales)   • Ability to find and assess potential sales opportunities   • Ability to build customer relationships and provide appropriate levels of customer service   • Strong communication (verbal and written)   • Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, commissions,   proportions, percentages, area, circumference, and volume.     Apply Now.   EOE/AA M/F/D/V






1-year-experience-needed