It is the responsibility of Operations Manager to plan, direct and coordinate the company operations. The operations manager is responsible for ensuring and improving the performance, productivity, efficiency and profitability of the operations team and organizational operations through the effective methods and strategies. In addition, the Operations Manager must plan and direct the work efforts of all operations personnel to ensure that all processes and procedures are operating at optimal efficiency.  PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Coordinate, manage and monitor the workings of various departments in the organization • Prepare and control operational budgets.  • Assist with the Improvement of processes and policies in support of organizational goals.  • Formulate and implement departmental and organizational policies and procedures to maximize output. Monitor adherence to rules, regulations and procedures. • Organize recruitment and placement of required staff. Establish organizational structures.  • Delegate tasks and accountabilities and supervise staff. Monitor and evaluate performance of Operation Supervisors • Coordinate and monitor the work of Operations • Monitor, manage and improve the efficiency of support services such as IT, HR, and Finance.  • Client support, Plan and support sales and marketing activities • Be the liaison between the Operations floor and Executive team.  • Assist in the development of strategic plans for operational activity.  • Implement and manage operational plans.  REQUIRED SKILLS AND COMPENTENCIES:  • Independent thinker, logical, strategic with a high attention to detail  • Knowledge of the Transportation Industry highly desirable • Excellent communication skills (written and verbal) • Excellent presentation and proposal writing skills • Professional demeanor:  Ability to creatively solve problems, deal with ambiguity, develop and implement policy and procedures, perform analysis and prepare reports, and foster team building all in line with company goals and objectives • Engaging personality with the ability to successfully interact under various high pressure scenarios with all client contacts including senior level client contacts  • General understanding of client transportation, logistics and supply chain functions  EDUCATION:  • BA Business, Logistics, Transportation (or equivalent experience)   • Five years experience in a Operations Manager capacity  TRAVEL:  • 10%   Data2Logistics is an Equal opportunity employer.  This job description in no way states or implies that the duties and responsibilities are the only duties and responsibilities to be performed by the individual(s) with this job description. The individual(s) maybe called upon and required to follow other instructions or perform other duties/responsibilities requested by his/her Supervisor, consistent with the purpose of the position, department and/or company objectives






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed