ACCi is looking for a qualified candidate who can help us expand & grow our software development practice in the areas of traditional Windows & Web based development as well as mobile & app development for our business clients.  A proven track record of software development success and the ability to build & manage a team are a part of the selection factors.  Job Description The app dev division of ACCi provides custom Windows and web-based software solutions for our clients in the small, medium, & large business size space. The Sr. Software Developer must possess the ability to engage clients, manage their own projects, and perform the development work required to deliver a complete solution.  This position is involved in all facets of the software development life-cycle including the following:  -- Initial client meetings to discuss & dream  -- Gather specification requirements  -- Develop scope of work and project cost/time estimates  -- Determine best platform & development tools to use to create solution  -- Diagram databases & workflows  -- Design & maintain databases  -- Develop & code software (i.e. UI layer, business logic layer, data access layer)  -- Unit test, debug, quality assurance  -- Installation, configuration, and training on delivered software solutions  This position will also serve as the primary client contact with regards to communicating project status, handling questions, dealing with change orders, and providing on-going maintenance & support for the solution.  Skills / Requirements Required:  -- BS degree in Computer Science, MIS, or equivalent -- 3 to 5 years experience with Microsoft .NET development tools (C#, ASP.NET) -- Advanced experience with Microsoft SQL Server, MS-Access (T-SQL, LinqToSQL, normalization, indexing, etc.) -- Experience with SQL Reporting Services and/or Crystal Reports -- Experience with SubVersion, VSS, TFS, or other Source Control tools in a team environment -- Experience in data transformations & conversions (CSV, XML, Fixed)  Desired:  -- Experience with Microsoft Business Intelligence tools (SSRS, SSAS, SSIS) -- Mobile app development for the iOS platform -- Microsoft Office OLE automation -- Experience with Accounting Software customizations & integrations -- Experience with Delphi 5 - Delphi 2009 development -- Legacy development tools (i.e. Visual Basic 6, Visual FoxPro)  -- LAMP stack (i.e. linux, apache, mySQL, PHP)  General:  -- Strong work ethic (willingness to do whatever it takes to get the job done) -- Ability to work independently on projects or as part of a team -- Pride in workmanship and solutions delivered -- Good debugging & troubleshooting skills -- Excellent communication skills, both verbal & written -- Ability to interact with business decision makers and to ease any client concerns 






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed