The Trade Marketing Manager is responsible for all trade and retail oriented marketing, in all B2B channels. The TMM develops and plans both channel and retailer specific annual  and multi-year budgets  for  business development and footprint growth strategies. Creates and disseminates all necessary collateral and assets, in both Print and Digital.  Closely  collaborates with the social media team and brand managers on a market by market basis with respect to local market conditions, customs and language specific requirements   *Competitive Intelligence* : Undertake continuous benchmarking and distribution/pricing analysis, assessing market opportunities and providing recommendations. *Point of Sale [POS]* : In Store merchandising units, windows and presentation, environment, events, demonstrations and promotions and range display *POS Collateral Development and Distribution* : Development and distribution of catalogues, brochures, trade folios, silent salesmen and all other POS collateral and elements *Training* : Oversees Product Training and Sales Training for retailers including training material and videos and maintaining and managing the calendar *Strategic Accounts* :  Creates the Trade Marketing budget and plans for Strategic and Key Accounts  (including coop budgets) and management of the calendar *Marketing Calendar* : Maintains and distributes the marketing calendar including all new product introductions and all planned marketing initiatives *Asset Management and Competitive Library* : Maintains archive of all Maclaren and competitive collateral, including brochures, training material, photos of  POS and Store in Store and web features *Marketing Briefs* : Prepares, tracks and collaborates with Brand Managers  on briefs for market specific initiatives and follows the strategic branding, marketing and  communication strategy to support trade channels.   *Marketing Decks* : Assists in the preparation of all major marketing presentations KPIs: Sets up KPI’s for marketing plans and initiatives and monitor performance.  *Job Requirements*  • Bachelor’s Degree in business related discipline. • 4 – 6 years’ experience in similar position preferably in the parenting/juvenile/infant sector. • Perfect standard of written and spoken English • Good knowledge of Markets. • Good project management skills and excellent presentation skills. • Strong interpersonal, leadership and Team Management skills. • Used to interpreting data and driving value adding insights. • Budget management experience.






bs-degree-needed supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed