RESPONSIBILITES: This position will be responsible for safety training and support at multiple districts, training development, safety procedure review and modification as necessary and interaction with District Managers and their personnel, periodic interfacing with the Division Directors, Assistant District Managers and communication with other WGP Departments as appropriate.   Provide safety support for Operations and Technical Services employees in the Atlanta Division.   Provide assistance and support for assigned Districts, and field projects.   Perform facility inspections and internal audits at measurement, compression, and any other related operational facility. Conduct or assist with field audits at locations outside assigned area. Participate in development, facilitation, and presentation of Safety training material. Provide periodic onsite safety support for Operations, Technical Services, and Engineering & Construction as requested. Provide expert Safety assistance to Project Engineering by reviewing specifications and design. Assist in performing accident investigations as required.   Assist with periodic safety and other related training on WGP EHS management systems and compliance programs (OSHA, O&M Manual, Compliance Auditing, Smith Defensive Driver Training, 3E MSDS, etc.) to WGP employees. Assist Administrator in training and implementation of the WGP Drug & Alcohol Plan and DOT Driver Plans.   Provide support to all WGP locations by reviewing and updating assigned portions of the WGP O&M procedures.   This position will include significant travel (driving) to and from facilities and overnight accommodations.     QUALIFICATIONS: Must have experience in regulations: OSHA 29 CFR 1904, 1910, 1926, EPA 40 CFR 763, and DOT  49 CFR 171-180 & 192.735, NFPA  25, 30, & 70, ANSI Z308.1-1998.  Must have the ability to function effectively, both, independently and in a team environment.  Must possess strong presentation skills and the ability to facilitate and provide instructor-led training.   Must be proficient in use of a PC, including MS Office, Web and E-mail applications. Demonstrated proficiency in Excel, Word, Outlook, and PowerPoint is necessary.   Must possess an understanding of budget concepts and practices.  Must have demonstrated the ability to maintain confidentiality regarding sensitive employee and company issues.  Must have excellent verbal and written communication skills.  The candidate must be motivated, work independently with minimal supervision, work well with a diverse group of people, and have excellent written and oral communication skills. Organizational skills and the ability to handle multiple technical tasks concurrently are essential.    Travel up to 75% may be required.  A valid driver's license is required.   Candidate must have demonstrated safety experience which may include: - Served on local safety committee - Presented safety topics and training - Conducted facility safety inspections, assessments, or audits - Reviewed, modified, authored, or prepared written procedures - Assisted safety representatives with hands on training or other safety activities - Provided training to others (OJT or Instructor - led) - Incident investigation & reporting - Project Safety Support.






supervising-job licence-needed