The Senior Physician Technology Analyst is responsible for managing physician practice related projects including on-boarding and supporting our physician systems.  Job duties and Responsibilities include but are not limited to:   •On-boarding: Manage activities related to on-boarding of new physician practices, organizing      efforts with various teams within the IS department, and coordinating efforts with other hospital departments to ensure successful acquisitions and a high level of physician satisfaction. •System Implementation: Participate in the system selection process, implementation process and support of an enterprise Practice Management and Electronic Health Record system. •Physician Liaison: Serve as Physician Liaison between Information System department and the physician community.   Represent Northside Hospital in a professional manner by providing services such as: acquisition planning, application training, demonstrations, customer service to Physician groups. Develop relationships with physician practice coordinators, IT managers, and associated physicians in employed practices.  Support: Provide and facilitate support to physician practices utilizing various IS resources and/or support vendors.  Process Improvement: Recommend innovative solutions to improve team process and project management. Identify practice workflow inefficiencies and recommend solutions   Senior Applications Analyst. •Experience in the ambulatory setting. •Experience with PM/EHR systems. •Strong IT and project management skills. •BS degree, HIT, MIS, Computer Science or related field or have five (5) years healthcare applications experience. •Two (2) years healthcare application systems experience (with BS degree). •Excellent analytical, interpersonal, project management and communication skills. •Successful record managing IT projects. •Practice acquisition experience a plus. •The days are Monday - Friday  RECRUITER NOTES: This is a Full Time Position in Atlanta, Georgia. The Salary is $83,000 per year. The working days are Monday true Friday.






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed