Based in Houston, TX Cactus designs, manufactures and installs wellhead equipment and Christmans trees.  The company also offers a wide range of ancillary services such as equipment repairs, field service support and hydraulic fracturing (frac) equipment rentals.  JOB SUMMARY: Responsible for repairing, assembling/disassembling, testing, painting and shipping wellhead equipment.  ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS, ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Essential duties and responsibilities include the following.  Comply with all quality, safety, health, environmental requirements, policies and procedures relevant to the position.  Maintains inventory for all identified components and sub-assemblies for wellhead equipment.  Tests equipment based on specifications.  Checks compatibility of equipment, evaluates and inspects condition, dry fitting and communicates relevant information with internal sources.  Services equipment as requested by customers in accordance with maintenance procedures.  Repairs equipment as requested by customers and as necessary due to field malfunctions.  Identifies and ensures appropriate tools, backup equipment and parts are available.  Maintains a high degree of customer satisfaction by providing timely and competent service.  Special projects or assignments as directed by management.  EDUCATION, TRAINING, EXPERIENCE: High school diploma or general education degree (GED); or two to four years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.  CERTIFICATIONS, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS: None required  JOB KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, ABILITIES: Basic understanding of API, QA and QPM. Intermediate Computer, Language, and Mathematical Skills. Intermediate Reasoning Abilities.  SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: None required.  PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.   Regularly required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl; stand, walk and sit; talk and hear.   Regularly lift and /or move up to 10 pounds, frequently lift and/or move up to 25 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 40 pounds.   Close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus.   Ability to clearly hear voices or alarms, bells, and other noise.  WORK ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential function.   Regularly exposed to moving mechanical parts; fumes or airborne particles; toxic or caustic chemicals; outside weather conditions and risk of electrical shock.  Regularly exposed to wet and/or humid conditions (outside weather conditions); high, precarious places; extreme cold; extreme heat and vibration.  Occasionally exposed to toxic and caustic chemicals; risk of radiation or electrical shock.  The noise level in the work environment is usually very loud.






2-4-years-experience-needed