•Decontaminates, sterilizes, and packages reusable medical supplies, instruments, equipment and apparatus' (Equipment includes but is not limited to infusion pumps, mobile suction pumps, intubation kits, crash carts and emergency disaster carts; Instruments include a variety of endoscopes and probes);  Receive, deliver and put-away all supplies in a accurate and timely manner, accurately key receiving into the Braintree information system.  Performs inventory management for the OR, Cath Labs, and Medical Offices  Processes returns appropriately per approved policy.   •Dissembles/positions all parts of technical reusable medical equipment (RME) to ensure the removal of bio burdens;  •Operates washer decontaminators, sonic washers, irrigators, laparoscopic insulation tester, automatic cart wash, and tube dryers;   •Operates sterilizations equipment such as Vacuum sterilizers, gravity displacement sterilizers, and tabletop sterilizers;   •Troubleshoots complex sterilizers;   •Assembles minor and complex tray sets and instrumentation packs used for a variety of general and specialized medical and surgical procedures;    •Performs quality assurance activities including monitoring biological and chemical indicators, Bowie dick tests, and time/temperature graphs;  Basic Qualifications: Experience - One (1) year experience in instrument processing. Education - High School Diploma/GED. Licenses, Certifications, Registrations - Sterile Processing Technician Certification. Preferably hold current CS/SPD Certification with either the Certification Board for Sterile Processing and Distribution (CBSPD) or The International Association of Healthcare Central Service Materials Management. Additional Requirements: - Must know Medical Terminology to understand instrumentation, surgical procedures, and surgical schedule. - Must have knowledge of various types of reusable surgical instrumentation, including power equipment and micro surgical instrumentation. - Must know how to operate Sterile Processing departmental equipment (i.e. washers, ultrasonic, steam, gas, and chemical sterilizer). - Must know sterilization monitoring, record keeping, and quality assurance protocols. - Ability to read and comprehend complex instructions, correspondence, and memos. - Ability to write simple correspondence. - Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations to customers, clients, and other incumbents of the organization. - Must be able to follow verbal and written instructions. - Must be able to read, comprehend, and follow organizational and departmental policies and procedures. - Must have effective oral and written communication skills with co-workers, internal, and external customers   •Performs other duties as assigned






1-year-experience-needed