The Web Application Developer is responsible for supporting the existing infrastructure as well as developing new technologies. This position requires Design, development, and implementation of software solutions for Scitent platforms.  This position involves leading custom web development throughout the entire project life cycle.  The developer is capable of full cycle project leadership including application architecture, design input, site layout/user interface, database design/programming and Cold Fusion or RoR development.  Primary Responsibilities: ● Program, test and debug existing or new web applications.  ● Design, develop, test and deploy web applications.  ● Develop appropriate code structures to solve specific tasks.  ● Collaborate with staff and teams to develop, format and deploy new applications. ● Assist and support in the upkeep and maintenance of web sites.  ● Research and propose software programs that are compatible to the future technologies.  ● Fix bugs, troubleshoot and resolve problems.  ● Assume ownership of code throughout development, staging, testing and production. ● Cooperate and collaborate with team members and be willing to teach and learn. ● Document and demonstrate solutions by developing documentation, flowcharts, layouts, diagrams, charts, code comments and clear code. ● Participate fully in Kanban and follow Scitent’s software development life cycle . ● Participate in client meetings when appropriate and be able to discuss technical issues in a clear and positive way to non-technical audiences.  Qualifications: ● Outstanding Linux, Ruby on Rails, MySQL and Github skills ● Cold Fusion programming experience a plus ● Strong knowledge of testing frameworks RSpec, Cucumber, Selenium ● Strong front-end development skills HTML, CSS, JQuery / Ajax programming ● Desirable knowledge : Twitter Bootstrap, coffeescript, backbone.js ● Experience of payment gateways Fastspring, Spree ● Ability to perform efficiently in an Agile environment (Kanban, Scrum) ● Thorough knowledge of website accessibility guidelines and data protection practices (OWASP) ● A good appreciation of design, usability and interactivity ● Creative skills to turn clients' ideas into workable plans ● Agile approach to problem solving ● Efficiently diffuses problems as they arise ● Helps and leads others in problem solving ● Takes responsibility to ensure successful results meet or exceed expectations ● Eye for detail ● Demonstrates a strong work ethic and committed to seeing tasks through to completion ● Excellent communication skills ● Excellent people skills ● Excellent organisational skills ● The ability to work to deadlines ● A commitment to keep up to date with developments in technology ● An appreciation of commercial pressures ● The ability to work alone or as part of a team ● Attention to detail and accuracy ● Degree-level or equivalent






bs-degree-needed