*BASIC FUNCTION*  The Safety Administrator oversees workers' compensation claims reporting and maintains the workers' compensation file system.  The position administers the company drug testing activities and the Safety Awards Program.  The position also compiles statistical data analyzing safety and training histories.  *REQUIREMENTS*   •Knowledge of accident prevention and safety principles.  •Knowledge of principles of financial management such as cost control and ability to use discretion with budgetary monies.  •A good knowledge of the procedure for filing reports for various state workers' compensations claims, motor vehicle incident reports and general liability reports.  •Knowledge of workers' compensation systems and drug testing programs, such as those regulated by D.O.T., O.S.H.A. and other federal and state government offices.  •General knowledge of oil field service equipment, materials, and terminology.  •An understanding of injury and illness classifications for workers compensation claims.  •An ability to use Spreadsheets, Word processing, and Graphic Software to create spreadsheets, Word processing documents and graphic material for company and government reports and training material.  •An understanding of databases to enter, update and run various company and government reports.  •An organizational ability to maintain numerous record keeping devices, both manual and computer-based.  •Experience in a Safety and/or Training Department is preferred.    •Excellent communication skills (written and verbal) with both internal and external customers is a must.    •Ability to assume responsibility for an integral part of the Safety & Training Department.  Attention to detail on timeliness and accuracy of company and state required reporting is critical.  Problem solving and trend analysis aptitude desired.  •Ability to use Work Planning and Review, Position Definition and Performance Review Systems.  •Ability to adhere to Company policies and work requirements.  •Educational requirements: Minimum high school diploma, additionally college or business school graduate preferred.  •Strong organizational skills for alpha and numerical file maintenance.  *ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS*  1.Completes various state workers' compensation claim forms from field accident report information.  Communicate with field and government agency to obtain all necessary data.  2.Prepares state requested follow-up reports for workers' compensation claims.  3.Ensures that safety company policies and procedures are communicated to all employees and implemented according to established standards.  4.Compiles statistical data relative to the operation’s safety performance.  5.Receives and reviews correspondence concerning workers' compensation claims.  Provides responses for information on general inquiries from state agencies.  6.Maintains dual filing system for workers' compensation claims, motor vehicle incident reports and general liability incidents.  (Paper and P.C. based files)  7.Maintains data for incident tracking system on personal computer and prepares statistical and graphical data for management to develop correctional procedures. Makes recommendations to management regarding improvement.  8.Prepares and distributes monthly random drug testing lists to District Manager and Personnel/Safety Reps. Records random drug testing results on system.  9.Prepares statistical data from P.C. database for Company reports and special inquiries from government concerning Pool drug testing statistics.  10.Receives daily confidential fax results from drug testing laboratories and notifies appropriate field personnel.  11.Receives hard copy drug testing results and distributes them to the appropriate field office.  12.Audits hard copies of drug testing results for problems in collection claims procedures.  Works with local management to correct problems.  Prepares monthly report of deficiencies.  13.Creates spreadsheets and graphic material for bid request.  Completes questionnaires for RFP from customer.  14.Audits incident report forms against safety performance computer system.  Corrects deficiencies.  15.Prepares weekly event reports for management review.  Provides O.S.H.A. frequencies and LTA frequencies on a weekly basis.  16.Ability to travel 10% of the time by airplane or automobile domestically.  17.Position requires medium work: Exertion of 20 to 50 pounds of force occasionally, and/or 10 to 25 pounds of force frequently, and/or up to 10 pounds of force constantly to move objects.  18.Performs the primary thinking called for and encompassed by the overall Position Definition.  19.Performs and assumes other duties and responsibilities as may be required by the immediate supervisor.  20.Adheres to company policies and work requirements.  21.Conducts annual review of Position Definition and updates as required.






