*Apply example@example.com click careers to complete the application  Job Summary: The basic function of the Education Coordinator is to provide all materials, knowledge and expertise for the education and instruction of Superior Ambulance Service (SAS) employees.  Keep abreast with changes in National, State and Local (including Medical Control Authorities) curriculums and requirements, rules and regulations and patient protocol changes and update these changes as needed to keep employees current.  Ensure adult education techniques are being utilized.  Work directly with the Medical Director, Director of Education and Critical Care Coordinator in the development of orientation and continuing education for all SAS employees.  Job Requirements: Certification/Licenses required to sponsor, proctor and instruct provider courses, i.e. EMT-B, Paramedic, BLS (CPR), ACLS, PHTLS,  CEVO, etc.  Expectation of the Position: Supports the guiding principal & vision by exhibiting the following behavior with employees and providers:  • Excellence & Competence • Communication • Accountability • Responsiveness • Ownership   Essential Duties & Responsibilities:  • Ensure all educational records are accurate and secured but available for review by the appropriate personnel. • Ensure E.M.S. personnel are in compliance with all governing bodies and agencies including, but not limited to, federal, state and local (including Medical Control Authorities) regulations. • Will maintain E.M.S. standards as dictated by affiliated Medical Control Authorities. • Will collaborate with other members of the Superior Ambulance Management team to ensure quality patient care and customer service. • In conjunction with the Superior Ambulance Management team, will participate in inventory control and purchasing, to ensure all products and equipment meet acceptable standards. • In conjunction with the other departments, develop, design, implement and enforce policies and procedures necessary to meet and maintain the required standards. • Is responsible for keeping current in issues related to E.M.S. and patient care. • Will be responsible for providing oversight for OSHA compliance, including fit testing, immunizations and annual required education.  This will also include implementation of any and all programs as determined by the Risk Manager and the Superior Ambulance Occupational Medical Director. • Will review and take action on any incidents concerning possible violation of current standards of care as directed by the Regional Director. • Will act as a role model for all personnel through being knowledgeable in the industry and about the company, being consistent in daily management of activities and for following all policies and procedures as set forth by Superior Ambulance. • Will be responsible for the direction of the public education and community-based programs. • Will provide appropriate direction for developing courses for profit within the Education Department, as well as continuing the in-service programs for our contracted accounts. • Will be responsible for the development and implementation of programs expanding the scope of practice in our field. • Will operate Educational Services within the budgetary constraints assigned and demonstrate fiscal responsibility at all times. • Will establish professional and personal goals; identify strengths and areas of needed improvement through self-evaluation. • Will be responsible for all other reasonable duties or responsibilities as delegated or assigned by the Regional Director. • Will ensure all personnel receive the proper education necessary to perform their jobs.  Employees will be educated on all policies and procedures and assist in monitoring  that they are followed and enforced according to the handbook and standard operating policies. • Will work with the Superior Ambulance Management Team to develop and enforce policies, training and general communications. • Will keep current on E.M.S. standards and other industry related standards and issues. • Will display a positive and friendly attitude. • Will maintain an open, communicative atmosphere where ideas, opinions and feelings of others are valued and respected. • Will be responsible for ensuring quality and comprehensive educational programs are in place and functioning properly, from new hire orientation through continuing education.  Setup, Schedule and apply for necessary courses for continuing education for Superior Ambulance Service employees.  Record, submit and distribute completion cards as required.   Develop curriculum, Setup course, Schedule and apply for course approval from the State for EMT-B, EMT-I or EMT-Paramedic.    Record and submit all required documentation of completion for State approved courses.  Communicate with CPR Coordinator for upcoming CPR classes involving the general public, hospitals, nursing homes or other agencies using Superior Ambulance Service’s education department.   Provide continuing education for Superior Ambulance Service employees as required by the State.  Provide accurate and complete reports to accrediting agencies, i.e., Department of Labor, Department of Veterans Affairs, DHS EMS Certification Department, AHA, ASHI, NAEMT, etc.  Provide mentoring/remediation for employees.  Provide orientation for new employees  Arrange or assist with applications for certification or reciprocity from state agencies.  General housekeeping   Ordering supplies, books, certification cards and other necessary equipment for classroom operations.  Qualifications:    • Bachelors Degree required. • Must maintain Michigan EMT-P or RN License. • Possess 3 or more years of Health Management experience. • Strong verbal and written communication and analytical skills necessary. • Experience with creating and maintaining an operational budget. • Basic computer knowledge including PowerPoint and Word Programs. • Instructor certifications preferred  • Must have basic math ability coupled with good analytical and process abilities. • Must be able to handle multiple assignments concurrently with strong attention to detail. • Must demonstrate strong time management skills as evidenced by the ability to prioritize tasks and complete assignments within an appropriate time frame






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job