Leading global solution provider of business intelligence solutions is seeking  a bright, savvy, sales candidate.     Our solutions deliver business critical information to key organizational functions, from sales to credit risk.    Our clients include the world’s largest financial institutions, multinational corporations, academic institutions, and government agencies. Moreover, an extremely diverse potential client base has meant that the organization continues to enjoy double digit, profitable growth year on year. As a result we have developed a culture of success and progression with an unwillingness for compromise.    The key to the success of our business has been providing our employees with the support and incentives necessary to succeed and grow rapidly as professionals, combined with a commitment to continually invest in our market leading products.    A business of scale has been built over the last two decades  with over 30 offices representing every major economy in the world. As part of our global expansion we are looking to expand our successful team in New York.    This is a unique opportunity for individuals who are hungry and determined for success. Our commitment to your personal development is supported by an intensive and on-going training program that will significantly develop your skills, not only in understanding how organizations work but in developing intelligent solution based value propositions.    An exposure to a diverse spectrum of organizations and decision makers will accelerate your sales growth ensuring you enjoy fast track career development and salary growth.  You will need to be self motivated, with unparalleled energy, enthusiasm and drive; and an ambition to work for a successful organization selling high value business-to-business solutions.    This company is seeking serious players with a desire to leverage their entrepreneurial skill set.  Recent college graduates with confidence, and ambition are welcome.     Keywords:  business intelligence, measure, internet, research, sales, cold call, prospect  account executive, close, technology, data, information, strategic, consultative     






associate-needed