San Services, USA, an IT consultant firm for Unique Vacations, LTD, the worldwide representative for Sandals & Beaches Resorts, is seeking a Full time Systems Administrator.  The position will be based in our Miami, Florida locale.  We offer excellent benefits and salary is commensurate with experience.    Job Description:  System Administrator to support operations in our enterprise data centers. The qualified individual should possess superior AIX/Linux skills and be able to demonstrate excellent troubleshooting ability.   Responsibilities:  Responsible for maintaining 24/7 mission critical AIX /Linux systems in a multi-site hosting environment Ensure disaster recovery functions/updates are completed Analyze, modify, and enhance operating systems, computer operations procedures, and system security  Coordinate and direct preventative maintenance of major systems components Proactively monitor production system performance  Analyze technology specifications and requirements to determine if the technology is compatible with current standards and utilizes the most efficient processes Demonstrate good judgment in solving problems as well as identifying problems in advance and proposing solutions Working knowledge of storage platforms, networking, telecommunications, and information security Provide support and trouble-shooting to resolve issues impacting infrastructure & application operations Analyze infrastructure systems performance, collect information, and prepare summary reports.  Knowledge and Skills Required:  5+ years of experience with enterprise level AIX operating system administration 4+ years of experience with Red Hat Enterprise Level Linux administration 3+ years of virtualization experience Experience with Oracle Scripting experience required (perl, ksh, bash, etc.) Experience with infrastructure and server theories, networking fundamentals, Windows, SAN storage systems, clustering, physical server architecture, virtualization technologies network technologies. Requires 7 to 10 years of directly related professional experience and possesses deep technical abilities in one or more primary products, programs or technologies.   Ability to travel internationally as well as domestic, and maintain proper and up-to-date documentation. To effectively communicate with a variety of people including members of management, senior management, product management, support and development teams are required. Applicant must have the ability to work within the US.  We only accept resumes for open positions.  Positions are considered open until filled.






salary 5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job