The Little Gym of example@example.com and The Little Gym of Round Rock are looking for highly motivated, energetic and responsible individuals to join an amazing team. We are currently filling part-time and full-time positions with evening and weekend opportunities teaching classes & instructing birthday parties. You will be rewarded daily with smiles, high 5s, kid's love and parents' admiration. Let's face it... No other job in town is this much FUN!   If you have a passion for working with kids and for physical fitness, this may be the job for you. Instructors teach classes for children 4 months - 12 years. The Little Gym is the best children's fitness company in the world and you can be part of impacting hundreds of families in our community each week.  Experience in education, coaching or gymnastics is a plus, but not required. Must have a great attitude and be willing to learn. Must also be reliable, fun, outgoing and ready to be in the spotlight.    As a The Little Gym Instructor, your primary responsibility will be to teach great classes based on our proven curriculum and teaching methods. Also, you must be ready to provide excellent customer service to our wonderful Members. Must have great communication skills. Weekends and some evenings are required. A management opportunity could be available for the right person. Most The Little Gym Instructors have a hard time sitting at a desk, or even in class - they'd rather be on their feet and moving! Harness that energy with a fast, upbeat and continually changing job teaching children!   Instructing includes:  --Following and leading directive music --Demonstrating energy & enthusiasm throughout your shift --Learning & Implementing a structured Lesson Plan written by our panel of experts  --Learning & performing correct spotting for gymnastics, sports and/or dance skills --Providing positive feedback & identifying growth opportunities to children  --Answering the phone and providing information about our programs  --Selling the program in relation to customers' needs and wants  --Providing a high level of customer service to every customer  --Working evenings and weekends  Compensation based on experience and value brought to the position  *COVER LETTER ENCOURAGED*






