Beeby Clark+Meyler has strong roots in interactive marketing and introducing interactivity across new and emerging media channels to help our clients achieve their marketing and sales goals. We possess expertise in strategic marketing planning, creative services, mobile marketing, social media, search engine marketing, app development, and direct & database marketing.   We are currently seeking to fill an entry-level role (1-3 years experience) for a hybrid Digital Account Executive/Community Manager. This position requires a strong knowledge of digital, mobile, and social media.   Strong writing and communications skills are required as part of the role will be Community Management for our clients’ social media presence across multiple platforms. In addition, this position will provide strategic, operational and tactical support for Account Management and Digital Planning and Strategy. In doing so, you will collaborate with our internal creative, media, production and account teams to provide the best solutions for our clients. You will also have client-facing responsibilities.  SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES:   - Social Media Community Management (developing edit calendars, crafting messaging, and engaging on behalf of the brand)  - Perform ongoing reporting including social media analysis and development of post-campaign reports - Support client management needs - Establish budgets, scheduling and benchmarks for online campaigns - Develop and maintain ongoing vendor relationships; meet with industry representatives as needed to stay abreast of recent developments and opportunities - Stay abreast of emerging media trends and generate educational POVs for clients - Prepare and deliver presentations as required   QUALIFICATIONS:  - Extensive knowledge of/experience with social media and mobile media - Bachelors degree, (1-3 years Digital Account Management/Planning and Social Media experience required. Ad agency experience is a plus) - Well-organized and excellent time management abilities - Strong oral and written communication skills  - High level of proficiency with Excel and Powerpoint - Ability to maintain productive relationships with clients, co-workers and vendor partners - Strong Verbal and Math Skills  - Professional demeanor and comfort working under tight deadlines in ambiguous circumstances - Passion for emerging media trends and technology - The ability to adapt, improvise, overcome...  Learn more about us at www.example.com   • Compensation: Entry Level $32k-$40k dependent on experience  Locations: Stamford, CT or NY, NY 






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed