POSITION SUMMARY  Supervises the day-to-day coordination and delivery of skilled nursing services and performs related divisional teaching/visit duties to ensure the highest quality of care.  Directly assists in the supervision of Administrative Assistant and (IH LPN & RN) Field Staff.  The following statements describe the principal activities of this position identified and shall not be construed as a detailed exposition of all the duties that may be inherent in this position.    ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBLITIES:    •Provides assistance in the development and implementation of the client’s plan of care.  •Review and document state and company paperwork, in compliance with current policies.  •Perform data entry and have efficient computer skills.  •Provides communication with ancillary departments, clients, nurses, physicians and family.  •Participates in education, quality assessment activities, and other staff meetings as requested.  •Performs client visits as needed with authorization by DSDS, in accordance with the physician’s treatment plan, individual plan of care, or as authorized by the client’s payor’s source.  •Observes documents and timely reports any changes in the client’s condition to the appropriate personnel and/or physician.  •Provides ongoing instruction and education of client’s health care plan to family and or other health team personnel.  •Follows established departmental policies, procedures, and objectives.   •Perform client visits as needed with authorization by DSDS, which may include but are not limited to routine nurse visits, reassessments and Advanced Personal Care (APC) training and visits.  •Prepares and submits timely written documentation as required by policy.  •May provide staff training to include APC Certification, appropriate follow-up and in-service presentation.   •Supports supervision, instruction, development, and counseling and performance evaluation of field personnel, including documentation of such activities.  •Ensures that delivery of In-Home Services is delivered in compliance with company/state policies.  •Performs other job-related duties as assigned by Supervisor.    POSITION REQUIREMENTS/QUALIFICATIONS:  Education:   •Graduation from an approved School of Practical/Vocational Nursing and current state Registered Nurse license.  •Six (6) months experience as a practical/vocational nurse in a hospital, nursing home or home care setting within the last three (3) years is preferred. Must have previous office experience.    KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES:  •Knowledge of patient evaluation and triage procedures  •Ability to provide care to patients at remote locations and demonstrate good nursing judgment with minimum supervision.  •Ability to deal effectively with clients, physicians, families and co-workers.  •Ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing.  •Must work well in a fast-paced environment and adapt quickly to changing conditions.






licence-needed supervising-job