Marketing Consultant - Home Care  Integrity Home Care – Independence, MO   POSITION SUMMARY This position is responsible for building community relationships to drive referral sources. The employee must portray a professional dress and image at all times during community or company related events. The following statements describe the principal activities of this position identified and shall not be construed as a detailed exposition of all the duties that may be inherent in this position.   ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBLITIES:  •Ascertain information necessary to assess referral opportunities. •Identify industry competitors and have working knowledge of their strengths and weaknesses •Identify and develop referral targets with heavy emphasis on relationship and strategic marketing techniques •Consistently visit identified referral sources and identify new opportunities •Assist Marketing Manager in development of marketing plans for all service lines and products •Work collaboratively with all members of the Business Development team to add input for marketing budgets •Assist Marketing Manager in training of new Home Care Consultants and assist with cross training of staff for back up responsibilities in Business Development •Serve as a resource/liaison for operational departments of Integrity Home Care who may experience challenges with various referral sources and provide interventions if necessary •Serve as a resource in development of marketing strategies •Attend community functions that give opportunity to network with potential referral sources and community partners •Participate in weekly conference call with Home Care Consultant team •Recognize media opportunities and work with Public Relation Specialist to articulate and assist in development of said opportunities •Attend training and self-direct training to obtain and continue knowledge and skills •Keep regular documentation of referral communication •Work to process and practice shared lessons learned and best practices •Perform other duties as specified •Enforce Company Culture through creative outlets •Will travel throughout service territories •Represent the Business Development department in a courteous and professional manner at all times •Will write business letters and proposals as needed   POSITION REQUIREMENTS/QUALIFICATIONS: Education:  •High school diploma or equivalent; Bachelor’s Degree required.   Experience: •Minimum six (6) months experience in marketing, promotion or sales preferred, general clerical experience preferred, with emphasis on computer word processing and graphic design software. Sales experience in health care, home care, or like field desired.   KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES: •Effective written and oral communication and data entry skills;  •Knowledge of basic keyboarding, computer software including Microsoft Office; •Must be self-motivated, detailed and accurate and have the ability to multitask. •Must work well in a fast-paced environment. •Ability to plan and organize time effectively, work independently and show good judgment. •Ability to deal effectively and courteously with clients, family and co-workers. •Ability to interact and exhibit an empathetic attitude toward the sick and elderly.   CONDITIONS OF EMPLOYMENT: •Successful candidate must have a satisfactory post-offer Medical Review and must pass a pre-employment criminal background check.  •Must have proof of auto insurance and valid driver’s license. •Candidate must meet the requirements of the full job description as stated throughout the duration of employment with IHC.   PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT •Frequent manual dexterity and Visual acuity sufficient to effectively use and interact with computer keyboard and terminal. •Frequent periods of working with computer terminals. •Constant computer data entry - Keyboard/Mouse  •Frequent sitting – extended periods •Occasional Carrying up to 25 pounds •Occasional bending /stooping •Frequent reaching above shoulder level / stretching (filing).   Work Environment: •Equipment and Supplies: Prudent and efficient use of routine office equipment. •Work Ethic: Complies with the agency dress code; projects a professional attitude toward self, clients, consumers, attendants and other staff members at all times.






bs-degree-needed