JOB DESCRIPTION:  synAllergy is seeking experienced, entrepreneurial, customer centric, and accomplished medical sales professionals to join our expanding team of Medical Group Account Executives. synAllergy's Medical Group Account Executives are responsible for the identification, closure, and pull-through of new business opportunities for synAllergy with independent and hospital owned primary care practices.  Position is home-based and can be full-time or job-share.  COMPENSATION:  Compensation is 100% uncapped commission (1099) with an annual income potential of over $100,000 after the first year.  Training, sales support, and promotional materials provided along with some covered business expenses.  Since this is a commission only (1099) position, if you are seeking a salaried position with benefits, this opportunity will NOT meet your current needs.  This opportunity, however, is an ideal fit for those looking to own their own business and control their own destiny without having to pay a franchise fees or incur significant start-up expenses.  QUALIFICATIONS:  To be considered for this opportunity, applicants MUST have 2+ years of experience selling business to business health care services, medical devices, vaccines, or pharmaceuticals. Candidates must also have a 4 year BA/BS degree from an accredited institution and a valid driver's license.  Preferred candidates are those seeking an entrepreneurial medical sales opportunity with a flexible work environment and the potential for substantial earnings. They are also those who have current or past business relationships with family practice physicians, pediatricians, and health care administrators, who have a passion for B2B health care sales, who are self-starters, and or who have experience selling allergy medications.   Clinical nursing and or health care administration experience is a plus.  SKILL REQUIREMENTS:  Selling skills, e.g. solution / consultative selling Communication (oral, written, & presentation) skills Account management Tactical & strategic planning Networking Negotiating  Business analysis Teamwork Interpersonal Problem solving Computer (Microsoft Word, Excel, and Power Point) Customer relationship management (Salesforce.com)  Candidates MUST also have high integrity, outstanding professionalism, and sound judgement in decision making.  Because of the volume of applications received, only those candidates who meet the qualifications above will be contacted for an initial phone or face to face interview.  ABOUT SYNALLERGY:  synAllergy is a growing business to business health care services company that was founded by primary care providers for primary care providers. We help primary care providers install and deliver point of care ancillary services, specifically skin allergy testing, provisioning, and immunotherapy.  synAllergy's services have been proven to help primary care providers enhance the quality, continuity, and convenience of care for their seasonal and perennial allergy patients and to add new income streams to their practice from day one. They are also customized to each primary care practice for seamless and ease of implementation.   It's business unusual today for primary care providers and provider organizations. synAllergy can help.  For more information about synAllergy and our services, please visit our website at www.example.com.






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed