PLEASE SUBMIT APPLICATION HERE: www.example.com  DO NOT EMAIL VIA INDEED.    *Overview*    Time Commitment: We are very, very excited about the growth our company is seeing, but for the sake of transparency, we need to be completely clear in terms of what you should expect from us. We are hiring to build out our team so that we can start to bring on new clients. There will not be immediate work for this position until the new clients come on board. Depending on the market area and our waiting list, this could be as little as a week or as much as several months. Please don’t apply for this position unless you understand this first point and have flexibility on this front. We are looking for people who are excited about Bacana and who want to grow with us as a company. If you’re just applying because you need extra money, please don’t. It is our intention that the work will grow to a larger part-time position in the future, or even to full-time, depending on your goals and needs as well as ours; unfortunately, we can’t give you an exact timeline on this front. For the immediate future, this should be viewed as a position that is supplemental to any additional full- or part-time work you may have. If you do have other full-time work, please only apply for this position if that work is flexible enough to allow you to work with Bacana clients when it is needed.    Description: This is a position for an organizer/assistant. Though we are willing to consider these service areas separately, our preference is for someone willing to take on both areas with various clients. Please indicate in your cover letter if you are qualified for one, or the other, or both. Also, to prove that you are a meticulous reader, please include the following sentence when you send your resume: The most splendid and attractive quality to me about a position with The Bacana Plan is [fill in the blank]. We are a company that works in life management services for a variety of clients (both individuals and small businesses). These services include organization/consulting, assistant services, bookkeeping, and tech support and tech coaching. You will be working with other team members in the other service areas to provide support to the clients of The Bacana Plan. We value our team members and clients alike, and we look forward to having you as part of our community.    As background, here is the vision statement for The Bacana Plan: The Bacana Plan is a team of coaches and assistants who work with and for our clients in the areas of organization, work-flow and time management, bookkeeping, and technical advising. We seek to facilitate ease, efficiency, and awareness in the ordinary and the extraordinary of day-to-day living. We are a socially responsible company dedicated to inspiring trust, performing with care, sustaining our environment, and living life outside the box.     For more information on The Bacana Plan’s background and what we do, please visit the website at www.example.com (website is currently being completely redesigned from the ground up and will be relaunched in the next few months).    *Responsibilities*  * ORGANIZATION:  * Organizing home and/or office spaces: closets, desks, storage, files, etc.  * Coaching in time management and goal setting  * Consultation with brainstorming and implementation of ideas  * Designing work-flow systems  * Organizing/implementing a unique project, such as a cross-country move or a new employee hire  * Electronic organizing and assistance in moving towards a paperless lifestyle  * ASSISTANT SERVICES:  * Ongoing maintenance of previously implemented organization systems  * Task follow-up  * Filing  * Scheduling  * Coordination and tracking of insurance claims  * And so forth...    *Experience*  Minimum Experience: 5+ years of organization work (physical space, work-flow systems, etc.); 5+ years of high-level administrative assistant employment, personal assistant work, or comparable experience    *Requirements*  * Excellent interpersonal skills (written and oral communication is key to this role)  * Proactive attitude and energy  * Discreet with confidential and personal information  * Strong project management skills and proven ability to work independently and prioritize workloads  * Great attention to task management and following up  * Quick learner, able to take instructions well, and not afraid to acknowledge unfamiliarity with tasks or instructions  * Strong problem-solving skills (i.e., thinks outside the box)  * Extraordinarily detail-oriented, but a quick executor of tasks  * Ability to follow directions, as well as take initiative when appropriate  * Thinks quickly on feet  * Ability to independently perform research and learn new solutions  * Proficient at a wide array of computer programs on both Mac and PC (please provide details on your proficiencies)  * Must be an expert at document formatting (must know how to use styles, advanced outline numbering, etc.)  * Facility with filing systems and accurate indexing    *Compensation*  $45/hour for organization; $25/hour for assistant services (see note above re starting time commitment)    *Other information*  Contract type: Part Time






part-time-job hourly-wage 5-plus-years-experience-needed