*Must be board eligible or board certified. Must be MD or DO.*  Physician shall perform all of the usual and customary clinical services of a physician specializing in Pulmonology to include the diagnosis, examination, consultation and treatment (including the performance of procedures) of in-patients and out-patients in clinic/office and hospital setting to all patients directed by PMC. We are looking for a candidate to practice Pulmonology exclusively. Are current Pulmonologist specialize in the following pulmonary medicine, pulmonary rehab, COPD, Black Lung, Asthma, Bronchitis, Lung Cancer, Lung infection, Smoking and other respiratory conditions. This is a hospital-employed opportunity offering the ability to practice in a facility with state-of-the-art equipment. We are offering an excellent salary and great comprehensive benefits package.  _Must be board eligible or board certified._   *About Pikeville Medical Center* I would like to take this opportunity to share with you some information about Pikeville Medical Center.  Pikeville Medical Center is a big city hospital located in a small town.  It is a 261-bed tertiary care center with over 300 doctors on staff.  Almost all specialty services are available.  The Heart Institute provides general and diagnostic cardiology, interventional, and EP as well as cardiac surgery.  We are currently affiliated with Mayo Clinic Care Network.  The Cancer Center (radiation and medical oncology, gynecology-oncology, hematology and infectious disease), the Orthopedics Center (general hand, foot, trauma and sports medicine), surgery (general, ENT, neurosurgery, plastic, gastroenterology, bariatric) as well as urology services are all available at PMC.  The hospital is currently preparing to undergo the survey to become a Level II Trauma Center later this year.  There are robust Intensivist and Hospitalist Programs.  Other specialties available include adult and pediatric endocrinology, rheumatology as well as nephrology.  Pikeville Medical Center has been recognized by US News & World Report as one of the best regional referral centers.  Modern Healthcare magazine recently selected PMC as one of the “Top 40 Hottest Healthcare Organizations” based on financial growth.  Pikeville Medical Center is continuing to experience growth and a need for more well-trained physicians.  _I would like to have an opportunity to provide you more information about our hospital and community here in Kentucky.  My phone number is  XXX , Andrea Robinette.  I look forward to hearing from you._   Located in the heart of east Kentucky Mountains, Pikeville is the financial, industrial and retail marketplace of the region. Pikeville is the county seat for Pike County, which has a population of 70,000, and is home to the world's second largest earth moving project - the Pikeville Cut-Through. The hospital pulls from a service area of 250,000-300,000 from the tri-state area.  Twice named as one of the 100 Best Small Towns in America (Prentice Hall), Pikeville is the third largest banking community in Kentucky and is home to more than 1,400 businesses. Moreover, the Pikeville Independent School System ranks academically among the top in the state. The rich musical and cultural heritage of the area is showcased at regional festivals, the Mountain Arts Center and East Kentucky Expo Center. At work, PMC offers the challenges and rewards of a progressive medical community, and at play, Pikeville provides a quality of life that is second to none. Enjoy living in a safe, family-oriented community that offers numerous outdoor activities and an excellent quality of life.






ms-or-phd-needed salary