Event Planning Company is expanding their Sales team.  Company: Timeless Event Planning, L.L.C. Location: NYC, NY Base Pay: NA, Commission Only Employment Type: Part Time, Flexible Hours Industry: Sales, Marketing, Customer Service, and Business Development Education: 2 years High School Contact: Crystal via Email Please NO Phone Calls.  Brief Overview We are currently seeking strong goal oriented individuals to add onto our sales team. The ideal candidate must be innovative and have excellent interpersonal skills. We are looking for a candidate that is a team player but has an entrepreneur drive and hard work ethic.  Job Duties • Target, promote and sell in assigned areas. • Build, Develop, and Manage territory in order to maintain strong working relationships with existing and new local businesses. • Work closely with company executives and their staff and sales team to support overall business development initiatives. • Educate businesses about our company, the services we provide, and why working with us is beneficial to them. • Execute marketing strategies professionally to promote and exceed revenue goals and profitability.  Qualifications & Experience • Ability to work independently, utilize judgment, prioritize work with minimal supervision, and handle several tasks simultaneously with the ability to meet deadlines and deliver results in a dynamic work environment. • Demonstrated leadership in community, professional and/or college organizations • Strong organizational, verbal, interpersonal, listening, and analytical skills • Self-starter and highly motivated • Ability to work as a team member and effectively communicate within different levels of an organization • Residence within the posted geography or ability to relocate into geography by start date is required (no relocation assistance is offered with this position) • Demonstrated technical aptitude and computer skills essential • Strong working knowledge and experience with PC-based applications such as Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook, and email applications. • Experience with Business-to-Business sales or consumer sales is ideal, but Not a requirement  HOW TO APPLY Contact: E-mail  We will Contact you once we have reviewed your email or fax.  Please send us a paragraph introducing yourself, background, and how you can be a asset to our company. Resumes are also welcomed and preferred and may be sent in addition to the introduction page.  Preview of Our Target Market • Sorority • Fraternity • Network sites • Dating Sites • Dance schools • Event vendors • High schools • Wine Companies • Brides, Sweet 15, Sweet 16, Bat & Bar Mitzvahs • Doctors • Comedy Show Attendees  Upcoming Events • Salsa Night Live Band and DJ • Celebrity Photo Op & Autograph Signing • Wine Tasting • Comedy Show • Singles Night Party • Speed Dating • All Doctors & Pharmaceutical Rep Networking Event • Sweet 16 & Prom Expo • Bridal Expo






part-time-job