Four Points by Sheraton Hotel OKC Airport   Division: Front Desk   Facility: Four Points by Sheraton Hotel OKC Airport   Category: Hospitality  Education: High school graduate or GED equivalent  Pay: Hourly  Must be able to work all shifts Must be able to Days, Nights, Weekends and Holidays Availability must be open. Must be able to work days, nights, weekends and holidays  Must be able to assist guests efficiently, courteously and professionally in all Front Desk related functions. Must be able to maintain high standards of service and hospitality. Responsibilities Other duties may be assigned Promptly and effectively deal with guest complaints and requests.  Check guests in and out efficiently and in a friendly manner.  Post guest charges and compute guest bill, collect payment and make change for hotel guests following all cash handling procedures.   Develop a thorough knowledge of hotel staff, room locations, room rates, amenities, and selling strategies. Be very knowledgeable of Rewards program and promotions. Take reservation requests efficiently.  Answer switchboard in accordance with standards of proper telephone etiquette.  Block rooms and handle special requests.  Monitor room availability.  Keep lobby and desk area clean and presentable.  Have a thorough knowledge of emergency and security procedures.  Offer and properly handle requests for wake up calls.  Clean lobby, meeting room, vending room, breakfast room, and back office area.  Open and close shift make cash drops.  Inform management of any guest or systems related complaints or problems.  Communicate with incoming staff and management by logging pertinent information in the pass on log.  Keep maintenance informed of all maintenance needs.  Pass on guest lost and found inquiries to Housekeeping Manager.  Must wear proper uniform at all times in accordance with the Standards of Appearance.  Have a thorough knowledge of emergency procedures.  Practice safety standards at all times.  Employee must adhere to all work rules, procedures, and policies established by the company including, but not limited to, those contained in the employee handbook.  We maintain a drug-free workplace.  Four Points by Sheraton  6300 Terminal Drive Oklahoma City OK 73159  APPLY NOW






hourly-wage