The Community College Foundation Tutoring Program is currently seeking part-time tutors for K-12 in the Palo Alto/East Palo Alto area.  Tutoring program: Under the direction of the Area Manager of Tutoring, Tutors have the responsibility for assisting with the Tutoring Program's educational, assessment and tutoring components. The Tutoring Program serves students K-12 from diverse backgrounds . The goal of the program is to provide a positive mentoring educational environment which allows for academic success. Tutors will provide services to youth both in-home and at designated sites (public libraries, group homes, public locales) in one on one sessions with youth K-12.  Essential Education Requirements - Minimum AA Degree completed with a minimum of 2.5 GPA (a transcript copy will be required).  Mandatory Qualifications - Must have own transportation, valid driver’s license, and willingness to travel in the specific areas being served. - Must have regular access to a computer and the Internet. - Must possess the ability to provide positive role modeling for youth. - Employment is contingent on passing a Department of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investigation fingerprint background check and obtaining a passing Tuberculosis (TB) Test. - Experience supervising staff and/or volunteers. - Strong ability to work independently, self-start and organize multiple tasks. - Previous experience tutoring or working with youth.  Responsibilities - Provide one-on-one tutoring, up to four (4) youth at a time, in the home or local library. - Administer assessments of math and reading skills for each student. -Track student session attendance by utilizing company forms and database. Develop student learning plans and progress reports. - Be prompt and prepared in attending all scheduled tutoring sessions. - Recruit students at local district provider fairs, as assigned. - Participate in staff meetings and trainings as required.  Preferred Abilities - Ability to assess educational skills of youth; Overall wealth of knowledge across academic subjects - Communicate effectively in English: written or verbal - Build rapport with youth and caregivers - Bilingual/Spanish highly preferred  Salary - $15 - $18 DOE






associate-needed part-time-job supervising-job hourly-wage