THE Surgical Hospital of Phoenix is hiring for a full-time Follow-Up Collector.  This position offers a flexible schedule and benefits including 401k (with a match), medical, and dental, vision, group term life, individual life, STD, LTD and other excellent benefits.  THE Surgical Hospital of Phoenix is a full service inpatient and outpatient physician owned surgical hospital accredited by The Joint Commission with a caring medical, nursing and support staff. The hospital is licensed for 33 beds, including a 6 bed Multi-Organized Service Unit (MOSU), which can provide care for ICU, intermediate and surgical patients. Position Duties and Responsibilities: • Complete follow up of claims according to the productivity guidelines for account follow up goals.  • Review system generated work lists, reports, and/or aged trial balances to resolve accounts which have not been paid in the appropriate time frame, based on specific third party payer contracts and guidelines.  • Resolve issues or escalate to the appropriate manager of the issues.  • Contact the assigned payer representative to determine when payment will be made and if any other information is required to adjudicate the claim.  • Review payment denials and discrepancies identified through EOB, Remittance Advise, or Payer Correspondence and take appropriate action to correct the accounts.  • Document account activity on all patient accounts.  • Apply a high level of knowledge of respective insurance billing regulations and guidelines. Research these guidelines when required on the payer websites where available.  • Ensure compliance with all state and federal billing regulations and report suspected compliance issues to respective Manager/Director or Compliance Manager.  • Conduct inquiries via telephone, mail, fax, or electronically through the payer website or email for follow up of the unresolved accounts.  • Contact patient for additional information in order to have claims processed and paid. Write processes (and update) for department and system.  • Collaborate with Management and staff to improve processes, increase accuracy, create efficiencies and achieve overall goals of the department by identifying issues, and providing recommendations.  • Attend meetings with payer representatives and/or vendors to address outstanding issues and learn about new regulations and guidelines.  • Attends required training sessions. Completes on-line training as assigned.  Because it is important for healthcare providers to promote a healthy environment and lifestyle, THE Surgical Hospital of Phoenix has implemented a tobacco-free hiring policy.  Effective March 1, 2013, we will no longer consider applicants who are users of tobacco products.  By submitting an application with THE Surgical Hospital of Phoenix you agree to commit to being tobacco-free.  High School Diploma or GED.  Billing Software experience. Must be able to demonstrate knowledge of third party follow-up procedures. Minimum of 4 years hospital follow up experience. Knowledge of claim review analysis. Billing experience is a plus. Knowledge of Medicare, Medicaid, and Commercial Insurance contracts. Excellent oral and written communication skills. Excellent organization and time management skills, and ability to establish priorities effectively.   Please fax your resume to  XXX  or apply via indeed.com






full-time-job salary