RBA Consulting is one of the fastest growing Microsoft Partners in the country.  We’re passionate about using the latest technologies to provide creative IT solutions for our customers.  As we grow, we’re looking for consultants who share our passions.  We need consultants who enjoy delivering solid solutions while expanding their knowledge by taking advantage of the rapidly expanding technologies in the Microsoft space.    We are looking for an energetic self-motivated technologist who wants to be part of a growing team.   No travel is required but must be willing to commute to clients in the DFW area.    *Required Technical Skills:* - Mid – Senior level Infrastructure Engineer - Server 2003, Server 2008 and Server 2008 R2 required - Active Directory migration experience required - Deep knowledge of server, workstation and user migration required - Experience with Quest migration tools preferred - Solid background in core infrastructure preferred including: o Server architecture and automated deployment (Deployment Tools:  SYSPREP, SCCM, WDS, Altiris, etc.) o DNS o DHCP o Networking o TCP/IP o Server Security  *Additional Technical Skills:* The candidate should have skills in one or more of these areas, with strong desire to gain exposure in additional competencies.  Development experience in any of these areas is a plus. - System Center – including o Configuration Manager (SCCM) o Operations Manager (SCOM) o Virtual Machine Manager (SCVMM) - PowerShell - WMI scripting  *Communication Skills:* The candidate will frequent work directly with business users and IT leadership.  Strong communication skills are essential for this position.   - Excellent communication skills are essential, with strong verbal and writing proficiencies - Ability to clearly communication with customers, clients and users at all levels - Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills are required to handle diverse situations and changing priorities   More information about our company and culture can be found at www.example.com.  






