Position supports environmental projects in our Scottsbluff, Nebraska, office. The selected candidate may have responsibilities that include Phase I and Phase II due diligence reports, desktop reviews of historical site data, field visits to document environmental conditions at sites, support site assessments and remedial investigations, report preparation and project administration assistance. Duties may also include review and interpretation of environmental data, data validation reports, data tabulation and report writing. Field efforts may include environmental compliance support, due diligence, storm water inspections, groundwater sampling, monitoring well installation oversight, project oversight, document research, report preparation and data management.     Previous experience with site investigations and assessments, Phase I ESA (ASTM) and Phase II site characterizations, NEPA review, field sampling, investigation and remediation at leaking UST sites, remediation, and regulatory compliance is desirable. Experience in groundwater modeling, groundwater/soil sampling, well logging/installation is a plus.     Strong analytical and organizational skills, and excellent communication skills (both written and verbal) are required. Effective multi-tasking and self-prioritization abilities are necessary. Must be highly motivated and client-focused, must exhibit attention to detail and a focus on quality, and must work well in a team environment. Must have experience writing technical papers or reports.     Qualifications:    •Bachelors degree (or advanced degree) in engineering, geology, biology, chemistry, environmental science, soil science or related field (required)  •Experience in environmental consulting or related field (preferred)  •Ability and willingness to obtain 40-Hour OSHA HAZWOPER training within 60 days of hire (required)  •Prior experience in soil, groundwater or surface water sampling, NEPA-related field surveys, sample coordination with analytical laboratories, or storm water inspections (preferred)  •Experience in investigation and remediation at leaking underground storage tank sites pertaining to soil and groundwater contamination (preferred)  •Proficiency with Microsoft Office programs (required). Proficiency with GIS applications is a plus.  •Excellent writing, communication, and analytical skills  •Willing to work flexible hours and be available for travel on an on-call basis  •Position requires a Motor Vehicles Record background check. A valid driver’s license and the ability to become certified to drive company vehicles is required.     Physical Requirements:   •Ability to lift more than 50 pounds-rarely  •Ability to lift 26-50 pounds-Infrequently  •Ability to lift 0-25 pounds-Frequently     Frequently = (more than 75% of time) - Infrequently = (between 26% & 75% of time) - Rarely = (less than 25% of time)     Work Environment: Indoor 65%, Outdoor 35%     •Indoor classified as protected from the elements; may or may not be climate controlled.  •Outdoor classified as subject to rapidly-changing or challenging environments, (including wind, rain, snow, etc.) and uneven terrain.     Work Schedule: Majority of work schedule will be Monday through Friday during normal business hours. Some night and/or weekend work may be required. Travel expected approximately 50% of work time; less than 25% overnight travel expected.  






bs-degree-needed