We are seeking outgoing individuals for our Field Service Marketing Positions     The Miner Corporation is a supplier of service for commercial and industrial grade warehouse equipment. We provide repairs and planned maintenance for loading dock equipment, high performance doors, overhead doors, glass aluminum store fronts and hollow metal doors; as well as balers, compactors, and conveyors. Benefits for this position are:    *Part time position working 20 – 30 hours per week during standard business hours.   *Must have completed some college work. We prefer an Associates or better.   *Competitive Pay- Miner offers a competitive wages $12 – 14.00 per hour plus monthly bonuses, and fuel reimbursement.   *Independence – Must be a disciplined self-starter who enjoys not being micro managed.   *Room for Growth – Great potential for growth in a sales or marketing field without the risk of straight commission.   *No Experience Necessary – Come with determination, an interest in marketing, the attitude to succeed and we can teach you the rest.   *See America’s Industry Up Close - Spend the majority of your day meeting with operations and facilities managers viewing the heart of American Industry while marketing Miner's products and services.   *Gain crucial experience working with companies of all sizes from Fortune 500 to local distributors.    Hear what our current Austin Service Team Representative, a recent graduate from TCU has to say about the position!  “I tell people I get the privilege to make friends for a living. My position is awesome because I am able to get my feet wet in the marketing and sales field without the risk of straight commission. My day begins with an hour in my office every morning to plan out my day and to follow up on any quotes I have out to customers. Then it is about 6 hours out drumming business!\"     \"I enjoy working for a horizontal company where I get to work directly with the CEO and any other department I need to team up with to succeed. I like that there is potential to grow with Miner. The company is expanding so fast and I know there is opportunity for me to be a part of that.”    If you would like to apply for this position please go to:  www.example.com and apply for the position there. I am unable to begin the interview process until this has been done. I you have any questions feel free to call our office and ask for Andrew Bryant at  XXX 






part-time-job hourly-wage associate-needed