Information Technology Manager - North America   SUMMARY: Manages the Company’s system infrastructure in order to provide the most efficient and effective support, including reporting, for current operations and future information technology requirements. Oversees the planning, design, and implementation of new systems or changes in existing data processing systems to support management control and decision- making activities.   ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following.   Coordinates the development, implementation, management and support of all business systems.  Uses technology to track critical business statistics to produce meaningful business metrics for management use.  Serves as project manager for new information technology initiatives and corporate initiatives.  Provides business evaluation and feedback for management.  Suggests process improvements and assesses the impact of changes in business processes.  Ensures that any proposed changes can be managed and tracked by business     systems.  Implements and manages all information technology end-user training in the company.  Prepares regular reports and project updates for management to communicate technology positions/performance.  Works with local IT personnel to assess needs, submits related paperwork and assists in the installation of capital purchases.  Identify resource requirements for all systems and applications and communicate recommendation to Director of IT.  Develops, maintains, and tests disaster recovery plans.  Manages computer operation scheduling, backup, storage, and retrieval functions.  Provides support to end users in the selection, procurement, usage, and maintenance of software programs and hardware.  May perform projects without technological focus as directed.  EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE:   At least 10 years of information technology experience using networking concepts and all facets of personal computing. Related experience and/or advanced training or any equivalent combination of education and experience may be substituted.  Bachelor's degree (B. A., B. S.) from four-year College or university; or one to two years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.  Requires a very strong PC hardware/infrastructure skill set and proficiency with Windows operating systems, Microsoft Office software, and other design software.  Must have good project management skills and a strong working knowledge of computer business applications.  Knowledge of Sarbanes-Oxley and ISO 9001 compliance regulations and standards.  This is a hands-on position, but also has a strategic component to plan for the future due to company growth.  Previous experience developing an IT function is required.  Permanent authorization to work in the United States is required.  No relocation is offered.






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed