Vision 2 Reality Training LLC has been in business for over 5 years. We are recognized as a  leader in the success coaching field serving purpose driven professionals, entrepreneurs and small businesses. We're growing and looking to add a Sales/Service Professional who is passionate about personal/professional development and would enjoy offering our programs, events and resources.   To apply you must have at least 1 year sales experience with proven track record, preferably in business to business or in the coaching and training industry, possess excellent work ethics, motivated by goal achievement, good communication skills, a professional appearance, self-starter and love building relationships. This is a 1099 performance based, work at home position. It is part-time to begin with the potential of full-time in the near future. We prefer individuals with business connections in the Salt Lake City and surrounding areas with potential to expand nationally and globally although it is not a requirement. Includes a generous commission structure with possible passive income opportunity.   Leads will be provided AND it may require prospecting with a consultative, educational based approach, sales presentations, attending networking events, and our own events. Most sales presentations are done by phone and may grow to in person sales opportunities. Must have a land line or cell phone to make sales calls from, no sales dialing systems or Google voice will be used. The committed person easily has the potential of earning $20,000 - $30,000 annually part-time, with growth opportunity. Perfect for someone who wants to work from home.  We are dedicated to your success and require you to submit prospecting reports, attend team meetings and participate in initial and ongoing training. As a bonus, we will also provide personal coaching and professional development resources for as long as you are employed. If you are ready to take your passion for helping others and your proven sales skills to the next level, please email a cover letter sharing \"why\" you would be a good fit along with your resume by September 12th, 2013. If you are considered, you'll be contacted for an initial phone interview.   Position available immediately! PLEASE: no phone calls!  • Location: Salt Lake City Area  • Compensation: Super Competitive incentive pay $20-$30k part-time • This is a contract job.  • Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster.  • Please, no phone calls about this job!  • Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.






part-time-job salary 1-year-experience-needed