A detail oriented team player capable of taking on various aspects of accounting support with increasing responsibility as the company continues to grow globally.  The Senior Accountant will report into the Corporate Controller and have a variety of responsibilities in areas such as international accounting, intercompany billings and reconciliations, contract review, and accounting memos.   This will require the Senior Accountant to regularly work with global operations staff, customers, internal sales staff and other senior level company management team members in order to resolve issues and gather the data needed to ensure accounting transactions are recorded timely and accurately.  This is a global position, international travel may be required.  Responsibilities include: • Ensure timely, accurate preparation and distribution of intercompany invoices on a monthly basis;  • Prepare and distribute interest expense calculations on intercompany loans for global companies on a monthly basis; • Prepare and distribute FX revaluations on intercompany trade accounts and intercompany loans/accrued interest for global companies on a monthly basis; • Complete reconciliation of intercompany accounts on a monthly basis;  • Coordinate month end close timeline with global companies; • Assist in the timely review of the global reconciliations monthly; • Liaise with country managers, country accounting staff and third parties to resolve issues and discrepancies and facilitate process improvement and global growth objectives;  • Liaise with external auditors and tax preparers for both domestic and foreign audits and tax filings as necessary; • Prepare monthly financial reporting packages for global companies; • Assist in building global consolidation model and maintenance of the same; • Receive, organize and review customer contracts; • Keep abreast of current and upcoming changes in US GAAP and IFRS; • Assist in writing technical accounting memos as needed; • Coordinate annual impairment testing of Long-Lived Assets; • Ensure compliance with Capitalized Software policy – collection and analysis of supporting documentation proper recording; • Assist with other general accounting projects and month-end close work;  Requirements: • Degree in accounting or international finance (preferred, not required). • 3-5 years of relevant experience. • Skilled in MS Excel. • Experience working with Intacct or similar ERP (preferred, not required) • Highly organized, productive and detail oriented and able to work independently. • Strong communication skills and ability to build customer and internal relationships. • Ability to meet deadlines and manage multiple projects to completion.






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed