Position Summary:  Operates chemical process systems and ancillary equipment. Performs all tasks in a safe manner and following plant safety policies and procedures.  Key Areas of Responsibility:  - Operates chemical processing and related equipment following work instructions (WI), distributed control system (DCS) and Product Quality Control Plans (PQCP).  - Adjusts controls to regulate variables as per instructions. Performs set up procedures to prepare systems for operation.  - Monitors and troubleshoots the process to maintain required operating conditions. Conducts in process Quality Control testing.  - Performs minor maintenance on process and support equipment.  - Depending on organization and location, may use business management system to enter work orders and requisitions.  -Depending on location, may transfer and move materials in heavy containers. Assists in packaging product for shipment and in loading/unloading product or raw materials.  - Participates in scheduled safety meetings and completes safety training requirements.  - Performs other duties as assigned. Keeps work area safe and clean.  Required Skills:    Manual dexterity, accuracy and attention to details. General mechanical aptitude.    High level of safety awareness and attention to details.    Written, verbal communication and active listening skills. Capacity to cross-train with other operating units. Ability to work collaboratively with others in a team-based environment.    Organizational and record keeping skills. Familiarity with computers as a user.    Flexibility in performing changing assignments and work schedules.    Ability to lift heavy containers and use material handling equipment.      Ability to work rotating 12.5 Hour Shifts, both Day and Night Shifts.  Education/Experience:    High School diploma or equivalent.    Prior manufacturing experience, preferably in the chemical industry.  For Info Please Email or Fax Resume to Contact: Rachael Nelson Staffing Specialist ProServices, Inc Fax:  XXX 






full-time-job