Hi-Way Distributing is a Nationwide Distributor of Truck Supply/Safety, Electronics, General Merchandise, Novelty, Souvenir and Audio/Video entertainment items to the Independent and Corporate Travel Plazas, Truck Stops and C-stores across the Country.  The Sales Representative plans, implements and manages all activities and operations within the assigned geographical territory.  The Sales Representative works with the Regional Sales Manager on territory strategies, forecasting, pricing, competitive landscapes, market conditions, and customer/field sales support programs.  This is a goal/results driven position requiring a positive, highly motivated and *Travel Plaza/Truck Stop/C-store* market savvy, self starting sales leader.  Essential Job Functions: - Achieve or exceed sales objectives, while maintaining profitability and ensuring customer     satisfaction. - Work with the Regional Sales Manager to analyze business and product trends, opportunities for growth and development of actions plans to maximize sales. - Maintain strong customer relationships with all established accounts in the assigned region to build and maintain our categories business. - Daily Travel within sales territory (overnight stays as necessary, 80%-90%) maintaining and growing current customer base within the industry as well as searching new channel opportunities. - Work with Regional Sales Manager to establish and achieve sales goals within territory. - Assist Regional Sales Manager in preparing annual sales budgets - Develop a strong working relationship with each individual account buyer in the territory, Sales Management, any and all members of operations, National Account Managers, Procurement and Customer Service to facilitate selling. - Maintain a working knowledge of current and potential activities/situations that may affect sale revenues. - Attends all sales meetings, training sessions, trade shows, clinics and conferences as required. - Travels up to 80% - 90% with overnight stays on the road.  Education and Training: - Sales and Marketing or related field experience required. - Minimum three 3 years successful sales experience selling nondurable goods - Proven track record of teamwork and working well within a matrixed organization to complete sales and to service customers. - Proficiency with MS Office applications !  Skills and Abilities: - Excellent time & project management skills. - Strong customer management skills with proven track record of developing & cultivating new business relationships. - Ability to quickly build/maintain positive and effective working/customer relationships. - Demonstrate a high level of energy and enthusiasm. - Excellent verbal, written, presentation and interpersonal communication skills. - Strong analytical, strategic thinking and problem solving skills. - Strong business acumen with acute understanding of sales cycles - Self-confident, self-motivated, self-starter, results-oriented and success driven. Resumes and cover letters will only be accepted online. Equal Opportunity Employer.






2-4-years-experience-needed