Position Summary:    Responsible for selling tee times, golf shop merchandise, handling cash and credit transactions, answering phones, interacting with patrons, and providing information and handling request and complaints with a positive attitude and in a friendly, professional manner.  Assists with inventory control, maintains the cleanliness of the golf shop and ensures the merchandise displays are properly stocked and organized.    Essential Duties and Responsibilities:    • Be fully knowledgeable of golf shop merchandise.  Sell merchandise and/or provide suggestions to patrons as appropriate to meet their needs. Assist customers with special merchandise orders.    • Collect money or process credit cards, record sales transactions and issue receipts for all merchandise sales, greens fees, car/pull cart rental fees and club rental fees.    • Answer phones, maintain pleasant and professional telephone manner at all times.  Schedule tee times and handle customer inquiries and/or complaints in accordance with operating policies and procedures.  Take messages for patrons who may be on course.    • Interact with pass-holders, members and guests in a congenial and professional manner.  Assist patrons with information regarding tournaments, special events, club activities, policies, etc.    • Assist in packing and/or unpacking inventory, arranging and displaying golf shop inventory. Assist with physical inventory at month end in accordance with inventory procedures.    • Ensure that the golf shop is maintained per Deerpath cleanliness and appearance standards.  Maintain clean, presentable and fully stocked merchandise displays.    • Assist with organizing and implementing tournaments, group outings and special events.  Ensure efficient operation and coordination of golf shop, cart service and other services as applicable.    • Assist with organizing and maintaining ancillary services such as the handicapping system, membership programs and driving range facilities.     • Perform other duties as appropriate.    Qualifications:    • 16 years of age or older with a valid Driver’s License.   • 1-year experience in golf shop and/or customer service/retail sales environment preferred.  • Demonstrated quality written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills.  • Ability to analyze and solve problems; efficiently handle multiple duties under pressure with minimal supervision; work flexible hours as required including nights/weekends.  • Positive attitude, professional manner and appearance in all situations.    Physical Requirements:    Must have the ability to:   Read and write (English)   Communicate verbally with staff members and/or customers with or without the use of two-way radios.   Give and/or follow verbal and written instructions   Visually inspect all work areas, golf course and grounds   See players on the golf course.   Perform mathematical calculations involving fractions, decimals, and percentages   Stand, sit, walk, push, pull, lift, grasp, bend and kneel for up to 5 hours at a time   Lift up to 50 lbs. occasionally, 30 lbs. frequently, and 10 lbs. constantly   






1-year-experience-needed