Stericycle invites you to join our growing  network of Independent Contractors and assist  with projects in your area!   Stericycle  Independent Contractors play an integral role in  providing the highest levels of service and  support to our Customers.    This project involves the assessment and  evaluation of beverage dispenser machines in  various restaurant outlets.  Tasks include  performing hands-on testing on product samples  directly from the fountain beverage machine  according to specific testing procedures.  There  is specific equipment used to implement the  testing procedures which are provided.  Other  tasks involve taste testing of sugar and diet  beverages, sanitation evaluation, water testing,  and product inventory.    On average you will visit approximately 8  locations each month.  Audits will be scheduled  Monday – Friday avoiding peak service hours for  each location.  The project will require  training in mid-late January at a predetermined  site.  You will be required to travel out of  state for the training.  This specific project  requires a Bachelors Degree and preferable a  Registered Dietitian or Nutritionist  certifications.  In addition, we offer a variety of interesting  and challenging assignments. Projects may be  performed in addition to your current  professional obligations and can also  accommodate flexible schedules.  Stericycle  offers competitive hourly rates for each project  and our web-based system allows you to self- assign projects that fit your busy lifestyle.   We are looking for individuals who are  professional, reliable, honest and take pride in  completing a thorough and accurate job. We  conduct our business with the highest standards  of professional and ethical behavior and invite  you to do the same. Contractors must be able to  work independently, and should have strong  interpersonal, written and verbal communications  skills.     In addition you will be required to the complete the paperwork  for our contractors.  The paperwork is available  at www.example.com.






bs-degree-needed