Brookstone, one of the nation's most exciting specialty retailers known for its unique, high quality, innovative products and gift ideas, is currently searching for proven retail professionals to share in our success. We are currently accepting applications for a full-time store sales manager in our Akron, market.    PRIMARY FUNCTION:   Sales floor leadership promoting a sales culture to build productivity. Prepare for future growth through hiring and developing great people. Provide leadership to achieve or exceed budgeted sales and payroll, and manage profit and loss (P&L). Effectively manage store operations, inventory levels and visual merchandising standards. Ensure all internal and external customers receive exemplary customer service and receive a positive store/brand experience. Ensure sales associates build relationships with customers though prodigy leads. Accountable for all aspects of the store.    ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES:  Ensure store meets or exceeds sales and contest goals; meet payroll goals based on current trends.  Prioritize, plan and adjust schedules and daily agendas to meet business goals. Hold team accountable to achieving goals.  Recruit, interview, and select qualified candidates to build a talent pipeline to achieve current and future business goals.  Train and motivate all associates through on-going programs in sales, customer service and product knowledge.  Develop management team to assume increased levels of responsibility.  Assess performance and provide on-going feedback; complete and deliver performance appraisals and development plans.  Ensure team provides an exceptional customer experience in the store to achieve service standards.  Maintain presence through effective sales floor management and ensure staff coverage in all areas of the store as needed.  Establish and maintain a safe work environment and ensure ongoing safety training and awareness.  Ensure store standards are met and maintained, i.e., visuals, cleanliness, signage, safety, etc.  Manage store operating procedures, i.e., inventory levels and cash control to minimize store losses.  Responsible for ensuring the store meets Brookstone guidelines in opening and closing.  Ensure associates comply with all Brookstone policies and procedures.  Create and maintain an environment where all associates are treated fairly and with dignity and respect.  Monitor assets through accurate inventory management procedures.  Work with District Managers and peers to develop best practices in store management.    SKILLS/KNOWLEDGE:  4 + years management experience in specialty retail and/or multi-unit retail business environment.  Proven ability to manage staff to exceed sales goals, while meeting payroll goals.  Proven ability to identify top talent, create teams, and train/develop/retain great people.  Proven ability to think through complex issues, and allocate time to execute multiple tasks and changing priorities.  Effective communication, organization and leadership skills.  Proven ability to motivate and influence others through personal actions and examples.  Proven ability to achieve results both independently and through others by fostering a spirit of teamwork and cooperation.  Proven ability to develop strategies and execute successfully.    EDUCATION:  College degree preferred or equivalent job experience.     To learn more about our people, culture, product and opportunity for advancement, visit us at www.example.com and get excited about the opportunity to improve your own history of growth     Thank you for your interest in Brookstone!   






full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed associate-needed supervising-job