The Bookkeeper is responsible for the business office functions for the store location including accounting, reception duties, general correspondence, and payroll functions where required. The essential duties of the bookkeeper include:  • Coordinate accounts receivables, payables, and reception duties for the location. • Answer the telephone courteously and quickly. • Respond to customer’s problems quickly, to make certain customers know they are important to us. • Distribute all daily correspondence for the store including phone messages, mail and faxes. • Balance and process all cash and banking transactions for the store. • Process accounts payable invoices by reconciling purchase orders to invoices, coding, and batching all invoices for the department manager or store manager’s approval prior to sending it to the corporate office for payment. • Distribute all CNH mail and code and process all necessary CNH invoices. • Verify General Ledger accounts are accurate on a regular basis. • Reconcile and maintain petty cash.  • Check warranties for payment by venders on a monthly basis. • Complete payroll data entry and assist with the completion of HR paperwork as needed.  • Reconcile daily and weekly visa and daily case credit transactions. • Balance Aging Reports on a daily basis.  • Check End Day and correct any discrepancies promptly. • Maintain accurate customer information in PFW. • Order office supplies for every department. • Maintain an inventory of all company forms utilized. • Print reports for Store Manager as required. • Maintain a safe working environment and adhere to company safety program at all times.  Requirements:  • High School diploma or equivalent • 1-2 years related work experience  • Ability to set work priorities and work independently in the absence of supervision • Capable of communicating clearly • Ability to understand and carry our oral and written instructions  Compensation:   Negotiable - depending upon experience. Excellent benefits - Medical, Dental, Life, Short/Long Term Disability, Health Reimbursement, 401(k), Vacation, Holiday, Sick and Personal time. EOE






1-year-experience-needed