Associate Director, Marketing and Communications (JOB ID 2887) Tseng College of Extended Learning Integrated Marketing (Administrative Analyst/Specialist- Exempt II) $4631 - $6946 mo / Full Time  Major Duties Under general supervision, the Associate Director of Marketing and Communications reports to the Director of Marketing and Communications and is responsible for the day to day operations of the department in the Tseng College of Extended Learning. The Associate Director will ensure that projects are completed on-time and on-budget, with the highest quality standards. The associate director will supervise two graphic designers and a publications manager. The associate director will have a successful track record of marketing experience (higher education preferred) with experience in online marketing, including SEO, SEM, analytics, social media, and ROI. It is preferred that the candidate have a grasp of e-commerce and how to integrate it effectively in our website and other online assets. The successful candidate should be able to identify trends in all of the aforementioned and related areas, bringing them to the attention of the director with recommendations of how these trends may be able to contribute to department strategic and tactical goals.  The associate director will implement strategies as directed, working closely and respectfully with an established marketing team. Will serve as liaison between the graphic design staff and program directors and/or faculty and staff. A positive attitude and grace under pressure are essential to the position, along with an aptitude toward change management, both guiding and participating in it. Will work well with internal and external constituencies in diverse settings. Exceptional verbal and written communication skills are required.  Will assist the director in creating industry-leading ROI systems. Will create new and more efficient/effective ways to measure the department's activities and will regularly pull a variety of reports to analyze and discuss with the Director. Will be working in a data-driven environment and will be asked to develop additional department capacities in this area. The person in this position must have the ability to \"see the big picture\" in strategic marketing planning and to align marketing tactics to support the Director's plan and vision. Performs other duties as assigned. Performance review will be based on the core work.  Qualifications Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university in a job-related field required. Equivalent to five years of full-time, progressively responsible relevant experience in one of the following: marketing, communications, journalism, business or related field. Oversight and administration of a program with supervision and/or lead experience. Master's degree preferred; emphasis in marketing or communication a plus. Knowledge, Specialized Skills, and Abilities: Demonstrated ability to design, execute, and evaluate a comprehensive marketing program. Proven ability to work with macro environmental factors - demographics, economics, politics, and technology preferred. Supervisory: Ability to supervise experienced marketing personnel, including the skills necessary to encourage professional development as needed. Communication: Exceptional English oral and written communication skills. Demonstrated ability to create documents and written communications, proposals, and complex written projects. Information Technology: Strong computer skills are a must: Microsoft Office suite proficiency is required. Preferred: PeopleSoft, Google analytics and Adwords data, Facebook insights, CRM expertise (Salesforce), Cision Point, and others as needed. Budgeting and Fiscal Management: Demonstrated ability to create and manage budgets and monitor expenditures. Knowledge of quantitative marketing techniques, comprehensive budget planning and management, and return on investment preferred. Leadership and Collaborative Skills Proven ability to work within a collaborative setting. Ability to work effectively with various clients internal and external to the University.  Pay, Benefits, & Work Schedule Salary is commensurate with knowledge, skills, and experience. The university offers an excellent benefit package.  Anticipated hiring range: $4631 - $5835 dependent upon qualifications and experience.  Temp-renewable; year to year.  How To Apply Please complete the on-line application/resume upload submission process in order to be considered for any open position within the university and its auxiliaries. The hiring department will contact the best qualified candidates and invite them to participate in the interview process.  This position will remain OPEN UNTIL FILLED.  For more detailed information on the application and hiring process, please view the link below: www.example.com  Equal Employment Opportunity The university is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, national origin, sexual identity, sexual orientation, sexual expression, gender, marital status, age, disability, genetic information, disabled veteran, or Vietnam-era veteran status.






salary 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed full-time-job supervising-job