*Job Description:* • Observes, assesses and reports resident condition/changes, and documentation. • Assists in collection of data relevant to resident assessment and evaluation. • Consults with RN regarding changes in resident =s condition. • Receives, transcribes, and executes physicians = orders. • Assures implementation of care plans as directed. • Administers medications as prescribed. • Oversees/monitors functions and activities of subordinate staff. • Participates in assigning duties for subordinate staff. • Investigates/documents accidents and incidents. • Identifies/secures equipment and supplies. • Contributes to assurance of resident care consistent with accepted standards of care and established policy and procedure. • Must be able to perform moderate to heavy lifting. • Must be able to walk and stand for extended periods of time. • Evaluates staff performance and may initiate appropriate action.   *Other Functions:* • Encourages safety to prevent accidents. • Assures equipment safety. • Other duties as assigned by supervisor.   Dimensions and Scope: Incumbent(s) • Functions within the constraints of established policy and procedure consistent with accepted nursing standards. • Is assigned responsibility/authority for decisions relating to nursing services, assigned supervisory duties and related tasks; but may consult with nurse supervisor, director of nursing, administrator, nurse consultants, or other nursing professionals, or other resources. • Professional contacts are primarily with facility management and staff, other medical professionals, or other resources.   Qualifications/Experience/Requirements: • Graduation from an accredited nursing school and a current, valid license or registration (LPN/LVN) in the state where employed are required. • Nursing experience in a long-term care facility is preferred. • Supervisory experience is desirable. • Effective communication and interpersonal skills are necessary. • Functional literacy in English is required.  We offer a competitive salary and benefits are available.   *If you are a person dedicated to providing quality care, please apply in person or click \"Apply Now\" to submit your resume.*  Seven Oaks Nursing and Rehabilitation LLC 901 Seven Oaks Road  Bonham, TX 75418  Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer






salary licence-needed supervising-job