G Street Food, founded in 2009 in Washington, DC, is a fast-casual restaurant, bakery, and café with two locations and third location scheduled to open this Summer.  We specialize in made-from scratch, homemade cuisine.  Coupled with on-site bakery that bakes fresh artisan breads daily, G Street Food creates delicious, healthy, and unique menu items that set the restaurant apart from the competition.  From 2010 to 2013, G Street Food has been selected by The Washington Post as one of the Best Sandwich Shops in the DC Metro area.  In 2012, G Street Food was again selected by The Washington Post as one of the Best Weekday Breakfast restaurants in the DC Metro area.  Currently, G Street Food is looking for a Catering Manager that will oversee the entire catering operation for all three locations and more in the near future.  Primary Duties and Responsibilities: - Establish strategy and goals for monthly sales targets - Improve catering sales and create long-term business relationships with clients and the community - Identity unfamiliar segments of the market for additional sales opportunities - Assist in development of marketing materials, events, and promotions - Assist in development and maintenance of catering menu - Plan menus, orders, deliveries and payment methods with customers.  Communicate with kitchen staff and managers to arrange production and delivery - Create and maintain Client Database.  Maintain good relationships with customers by sending thank you letters, birthday cards, etc. - Resolve complaints and problems through proper communication and customer service.  Qualifications: - Must be outgoing, energetic, and value customer satisfaction - Must be able to set goals and expedite the achievement of set goals - Must possess good business ethics representational of G Street Food and its corporate image - Strong verbal and written communication skills - Detail oriented with ability to meet to set schedules and deadlines - Must possess proven sales/track record - Must be proficient in MS Word, Excel, and Outlook - Must have valid drivers license and clean driving record.  Compensation: - Base Salary: Highly competitive / negotiable / commensurate with experience - Commission: Highly competitive / negotiable - Paid time off - vacation days, personal leave, etc. - Dining allowance - Ongoing training and development - Mileage / gas expense reimbursement






supervising-job salary