Position: Night Auditor  Candidates with previous Night Audit experience are preferred, OnQ Experience ++  We are offering a competitve wage along with Medical, Dental, Vision, 401K Match and Tuition Reimbursement.  We are an E-Verify Employer.      JOB OVERVIEW:  Balance room, restaurant and bar work daily.  Post and balance charges and settlements in a timely and efficient manner.  Maintain files and reset the systems for next day operations.    REPORTS TO:  Night Audit Supervisor    ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:    1. Prepare daily Restaurant Revenue Report data by auditing Point of Service tapes/journals to breakdown revenue, covers, waiters' fees, tips paid out and settlements by type and cashier.    2. Run audit reports/journals from the front office system, Point of Service and the computer.    3. Make corrections and adjustments and handle all computer problems that might occur throughout the shift.    4. Input into the front office system revenue/expenses/allowances to generate the daily reports such as the Guest Ledger Summary and the Daily Restaurant Summary.    5. Balance all revenue and settlement accounts nightly, maintain files and reset the system for next day operations.    6. Comply with attendance rules and be available to work on a regular basis.    7. Perform any other job related duties as assigned.    REQUIRED SKILLS AND ABILITIES:       Must have the ability to communicate in English.  Self-starting personality with an even disposition.  Maintain a professional appearance and manner at all times.    Can communicate well with guests.  Must be willing to “pitch-in” and help co- workers with their job duties and be a team player.  Basic mathematical skills and ability to make accurate mathematical calculations using a 10-key.  Ability to effectively deal with guest and employee concerns in a friendly and positive manner.    Ability to access and accurately input information using a moderately complex computer system.     PERFORMANCE STANDARDS     Customer Satisfaction:    Our customers are what we are about.  One of the keys to a positive guest experience is positive interaction with Crescent staff.  It is essential that you remain professional at all times, and that you treat all guests and associates with courtesy and respect, under all circumstances.  Every Crescent associate is a guest relations ambassador, every working minute of every day.      Work Habits:  In order to maintain a positive guest and associate experience, your work habits should always meet and strive to exceed hotel standards for work procedures, dress, grooming, punctuality and attendance.  You should be adaptable to change in your work area and in hotel procedures with a willingness to learn new skills and/or improve existing ones, have the ability to solve routine problems that occur on the job and ask for help whenever you are not sure how to do something.    Safety & Security:    The safety and security of our guests and associates is of utmost importance to Crescent.  Every Crescent associate should adhere to the hotel security policies and procedures, particularly regarding key controls, lifting heavy objects, using chemicals, and effectively reporting safety hazards and safety concerns.    NOTE:   This description excludes non-essential and marginal functions of the position that are incidental to the performance of the fundamental job duties.  Furthermore, the specific examples in each section are not intended to be all-inclusive.  Rather, they represent the typical elements and criteria considered necessary to perform the job successfully.  Other job-related duties may be assigned by the associate’s supervisor.    Furthermore, this description is subject to change, in the sole discretion of the Company, and in no way creates an employment contract, implied or otherwise; each associate remains, at all times, an “at will” associate.






hourly-wage