Nearly 50% of Chicago’s West side teens never finish high school.    Share the vision. Keep the hope. Be the change  to a more just and equitable future.   Computer Skills Instructor  About the West Town Academy:  The West Town Academy (WTA) is a highly effective, state-recognized diploma-granting high school for students who have dropped out of Chicago Public Schools and wish to complete their secondary education. 75% of our students are African-American, and 25% are Latino. Students range in age from 17-21 years of age.  Most WTA students are from low-income families, and approximately 15% are DCFS wards.  The WTA plays a critical role in the lives of both our students and their communities.  The WTA strives to demonstrate and model a highly successful strategy for re-engaging, teaching and graduating our community’s many dropout youth.  Additionally, the WTA serves as a model for civic and government leaders to encourage the creation and expansion of resources and programs that effectively address the needs of our community’s many at-risk and dropout youth.  Position Overview:  The Computer Skills (CS) Instructor role is a year-round, full-time position that incorporates classroom teaching and systems support for the agency’s Technology Coordinator. The CS instructor will teach the Microsoft Office Suite, Photoshop, and website design from an existing and evolving curriculum.  The CS Instructor will also be responsible for overseeing and implementing online Blackboard curriculum.    Position Responsibilities  (1) Develop lesson plans and provide academic instruction and individualized mentoring services to assigned students. (2) Oversee the implementation of educational plan and intervene immediately with any students on their caseload showing attendance, behavior, or academic problems. (3) Follow-up daily with phone calls to absent students and their parents/ guardians. (4) Provide additional tutoring and develop remediation plan for any students failing to perform in their class. (5) Maintain all records, logs, and submit reports in a timely manner. (6) Attend all staff meetings and events as assigned. (7) Involvement with after-school and extracurricular activities as needed  Qualifications/Requirements:  • Candidates should possess a demonstrated commitment to community service  • Two or more years related as an educator or additional experience as an industry/corporate trainer, experience with at-risk, dropout youth preferred • BA/BS in a related field plus/or demonstrated technical experience and/or industry standard certifications • Proficiency in Microsoft Office, Windows networking and troubleshooting and PC hardware support • Women and minorities are encouraged to apply   • Bi-lingual Spanish helpful   Compensation: This is a full time, permanent, career position.  The salary range is based on skills and experience.  The agency benefit package includes health, life, disability insurance; retirement plan; bonus program and educational reimbursement.    To Apply:  Qualified candidates should submit a detailed cover letter and resume demonstrating how you meet or exceed each minimum qualification and describing generally their relevant special knowledge, skills and abilities.  Submit your materials via e-mail or mail to: example@example.com  Please clearly indicate CS Instructor in the subject line of the e-mail.  If you prefer, you can mail your application materials to us at:  Human Resources, Greater West Town Community Development Project, 500 N. Sacramento Blvd. Chicago, IL 60612.






2-4-years-experience-needed salary bs-degree-needed full-time-job