Avion Pharmaceuticals is a leading specialty pharmaceutical company focused on women's healthcare and dermatology segments of the U.S.  It is a fully integrated company with internal resources dedicated to the development, manufacturing and promotion of its products. We have developed strong franchises in women's healthcare and dermatology through our marketing efforts and training of our specialty sales forces. We believe that our proven product development and customer focused marketing and sales efforts distinguish Avion Pharmaceuticals as the “Gold Standard” company in our respective therapeutic categories.   We are currently hiring a field-based Specialty Pharmaceutical Sales Representative for the San Francisco, CA territory.  We are seeking aggressive, results-oriented individuals who will be able to drive branded prescription sales within a defined territory.  Excellent base salary and benefits with strong incentive potential which is linked directly to your ability to increase business within your assigned territory.  The Specialty Pharmaceutical Sales Representative will promote our Prenate® brands and other Women’s Health and Dermatology brands.  The primary call point will be OB-Gyn’s and Dermatology.  We are expecting to launch a number of new products in 2013 and beyond to further distinguish ourselves as the market leader in Women’s Health.    Position responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Calling on assigned territory healthcare providers and informing those healthcare providers about the features and benefits of our products, explaining the characteristics, uses, dosages, value add programs for our HCP’s and their patients as well as the ability to effectively communicate other relevant educational information as directed by management in order to grow market share; Consistently develop a partnership selling style that includes an ability to use all available promotional literature and selling tools (excel based reports, market share & usage reports, etc,) during sales calls as assigned; Educate, develop and maintain strong relationships with assigned territory healthcare providers and their staff, to further the progress of the company business; Continuously improve selling skills, product and competitor product knowledge by completing required training courses, working with your managers, and reviewing available information provided by the product management team and/or Avion Pharmaceuticals medical affairs team.  Basic Requirements: Candidate must have minimum of Bachelor's Degree (B.S., B.A., or B.S.N.) from a four year accredited college or university; At least 18 months of business-to-business sales experience; Must be authorized to be employed in the United States and must have a valid driver's license issued in one of the 50 States with a clean driving record; Ability  to travel as necessary; Strong organization skills and excellent oral presentation and communication skills also required; Candidates must also successfully pass a drug test, background check, and DMV test.  Other Requirements:  Business-to-business sales experience with companies such as ADP, Paychex, and Cintas is a plus; Preference will also be given to candidates with documented sales awards and achievements and candidates living within 20 miles of the posted geography.  Avion Pharmaceuticals realizes that our success as an organization is dependant upon our people. We seek aggressive, success oriented and flexible sales representatives. If you are motivated by competitive incentive compensation and career advancement measured by proven successes.  If you are interested in the position, please send your resume along with current and desired salary expectations.  Please visit Avion Pharmaceuticals’s web site at www.example.com for more information about this position and other positions within our rapidly growing company.






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed salary full-time-job