THE COMPANY    Rexnord Corporation (www.example.com) is a nearly $2b multi-industry manufacturer and marketer of highly engineered mechanical power transmission components and water management products.  The Power Transmission Group operates under the “Rexnord” name, and the Water Management Group operates primarily under the “Zurn” name (www.example.com).  The Rexnord culture, centered on the Rexnord Business System – “RBS” (the company’s operating management system based on the Toyota Production System and the Strategy Deployment Process - advanced Hoshin Planning methodology), welcomes professionals who can lead and produce results, who are motivated by stretch objectives, and who will embrace a business environment which is driven to continuously improve.  Rexnord is primarily owned by Apollo Management, one of the world’s premier private equity firms.     BUSINESS UNIT    This role will work directly for The Cline Company as well as being a business partner to Falk RENEW Pregar. The Cline Company has been a premium, high quality provider of aftermarket power transmission services to the pulp and paper, steel and other industries. Cline specializes in providing full-service power transmission solutions and has a high degree of technical expertise in advising clients in the inspection, repair, replacement or maintenance for mission critical components such as industrial drive shafts, clutches and brakes that are used in production equipment. The Cline Company continues to offer its customers a wide breadth of critical services, including inspection, repair, replacement and spare parts, as well as predictive and preventative maintenance and other on-site technical field services. The Cline Company is located in Taylors, SC and services customers nationwide.     BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE ROLE    We are seeking a Senior Field Services Technician in the New England area to help us grow our customer base along with providing excellent service in engineering and maintenance. The perfect candidate will be a hands-on person with high mechanical aptitude and an attention to detail that is second to none.    While focused on providing high quality customer service by putting the company’s customers first, the Field Service Technicians - Mechanics will perform and supervise the service, repair and installation of all Rexnord Geared Products and like products in the field, both current and obsolete.       A company truck equipped with tools will be supplied; as well as company phone, computer, and both Falk and Cline certified training.       KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES    • Travel locally (within a 400 mile area) including up to 40% overnight travel to assigned locations to repair, maintain, and troubleshoot problems with equipment.   • Handle all tasks, projects, and situations with high quality customer service, keeping customer needs at the forefront.   • Conduct routine maintenance to prevent mechanical malfunctions.  • Provide hands-on service, repair and installation of all products manufactured by Rexnord Geared Products, as well as similar products manufactured by competitors.   • Troubleshoot customer complaints when customer’s entire system needs investigation.   • Write a full service report and complete associated paperwork following each service call.    • Perform training sessions and seminars for Rexnord Geared Product customers, including participating in the Falk School.  May train other field reps as required.    • Assist other departments as required (e.g. Manufacturing, Sales and Engineering).   • Attend or develop sales calls and customer visits with end user contacts.   • Effectively communicate relevant feedback to appropriate departments regarding the field performance of Rexnord Geared Products.    • Participate as part of a team, leading and assisting where appropriate and requesting assistance when needed.  • Promote a safe working environment by following established and required safety policies and practices at all times.  • Other duties as required.    JOB REQUIREMENTS    • High school diploma or equivalent, technical school training or any other kind of education/training beyond high school is a plus; BS in Mechanical Engineering highly preferred.   • Minimum of 3-5 years of experience in one of the following: Field Services, Millwright, Assembly, Machinist, Maintenance/Repair Technician, or Engineering.  • Prior experience with power transmission, pumps, motors, and predictive maintenance products; preferably in the industrial vertical markets.  • Mechanical power transmission experience is desired, but not required.  • Ability to read and interpret blueprints and other technical mechanical drawings is expected.  • Possess basic mechanical, mathematical, and computer skills (ex. Microsoft Office including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook).   • Experience correctly using measuring tools/equipment (ex. Micrometers, Vernier tooth calipers, and dial and electronic indicators).  • Ability to carry and lift heavy tools, equipment, and components (up to 60 lbs).   • Must be able to operate hand tools and stand for long periods of time.  • Excellent problem solving skills and ability.  • Above average written and verbal communication skills.  • Must be a self-starter, work well with others, and show flexibility when needed.  • Working overtime, weekends, and holidays is required as needed.  • Overnight Travel is frequently required  • Must possess a valid driver’s license.    CAPABILITIES AND SUCCESS FACTORS    • Highly desired: knowledge of Rexnord Geared Products, including Falk, Link Belt, Standard and Custom Design, Specials and Open Gearing.  Knowledge of like competitor products, pumps, motors, is also a plus.   • Top notch customer services skills; prior customer service experience is desired; must be a good listener, and have the ability to handle delicate customer situations in a positive and diplomatic manner; must be sympathetic to customer needs.    • Journeyman credentials/training desired.   • Technical school training or any other kind of education/training beyond high school is a plus.   • Previous experience with Lean manufacturing and continuous improvement is helpful.    • Must be able to work effectively both independently and with a team.   • MSHA training preferred.    Rewards  •  Competitive Compensation Package   •  Matching 401(k) contribution (50% match up to 8%)       EXCEPTIONAL BENEFITS    •   Medical Insurance   •   Dental Insurance   •   Vision Insurance   •   Short-Term Disability Insurance   •   Long-Term Disability Insurance   •   Accidental Death and Dismemberment Insurance   •   Life Insurance   •   Flexible Spending Accounts (Medical and Dependent Care)   •   Educational Reimbursement   •   Matching Gift Program   •   Health & Wellness Program      EOE/D/F/M/V






2-4-years-experience-needed