Carmeuse Lime & Stone based in Pittsburgh, PA, is North America's largest producer of lime and limestone products.  A division of the global Carmeuse Group based in Europe, Carmeuse Lime & Stone manufactures as much as 7 million tons of finished products and 25 million tons of chemical limestone and aggregates every year.     Backed by over 150 years of experience and teamed by over 2,200 employees, Carmeuse operates 28 manufacturing facilities in the USA and Canada.      Our products are quarried and mined from natural, high quality deposits of limestone and then graded and manufactured into quicklime, hydrated lime, and high purity chemical grade limestone. These products are used in a variety of industries including power generation, steel making, water and waste treatment, construction, land development, building materials, and paper manufacturing.     As a natural product, lime makes an excellent choice for these commercial applications, and is a leading contributor to the maintenance and preservation of the world's ecosystem.      Using cutting edge technology, the Carmeuse team conducts constant research and development to ensure the reliability of its products and meet customer needs.  We also provide customer specific in-field application support. A network of terminals, employing trains, trucks, and barges, transports products to meet customer’s “On-time” demands.      Carmeuse offers a competitive compensation and benefits package that may include medical, dental, life, disability, vacation, holiday, and 401(k) savings plan, depending on your work location.”     Responsibilities of the position include, but are not limited to, maintenance of electrical components at our plant facility (or facilities); assist in design & construction of new electrical installations; troubleshoot and repair electrical systems; work with the design, operation, maintenance, and trouble shooting of plant electrical systems from the primary transformers to the final devices; check water pumps & ventilation fans; perform preventative maintenance; perform electrical systems test according to MSHA requirements; work on PLC hardware; process control instrumentation and automation system design, operation, calibration, and trouble shooting; diagnose problems using test equipment or own judgment based on general knowledge of electrical principles; perform various process and engineering calculations to size, specify, and select process instrumentation and industrial electrical equipment; participate in appropriate safety training; and other duties as assigned by management.    Qualified candidates will have a High School Diploma or GED, Associates Degree or higher preferred; 6+ years experience as an industrial electrician (Journeymen's card preferred); instrumentation and electronics background; familiar with high voltage machinery (4160 volts) & have strong electrical troubleshooting experience with 480 volt / high voltage, experience with three phase and 110V control on 480v systems will also be considered; industrial electrical experience with DC & large horsepower units; previous experience within a plant or industrial environment (dust, dirt, all weather conditions, etc.); familiarity with basic MSHA, EPA regulations and industrial electrical codes; team player; willing and able to work rotating shifts.






5-plus-years-experience-needed