This self-starter will be responsible for meet aggressive cost and schedule goals though collaboration across engineering and business disciplines, including Electrical Design, Mechanical, and Test engineers, Quality, Supply Chain Management, manufacturing, and program managers. This position will be:   • Responsible for writing Specification Documents for components, resolving sustaining component issues, and the support of multi-sourcing and product qualification. • Responsible for implementing a strategy to find and validate substitutes for obsolete and end of life components. • Works with operations engineering to identify components required for new and existing products.  • Implements a strategy to manage obsolete components by finding and validating suitable substitutes.  • Creates new part numbers and approved vendor lists.  • Develops and manages the approved vendor list. • Occasionally audits vendors for technical capabilities and process controls.  • Coordinates component qualifications with various engineering groups.  • Develop component test requirements.  • Meets with vendors to identify new technologies and lower-cost solutions to current designs.  • Works with engineering, manufacturing, procurement, vendors, and the distributors when there are supply issues to identify alternate  components to avoid production line stoppage and/or reduce costs.  • Monitor and track all product costs down to the component level.  • Identify cost reduction opportunities on electro-mechanical and electronic components.  • Develop component and commodity cost models and projections.   Must be a team player, have the ability to work under pressure, have a professional image and be able to resolve problems and conflicts. Must possess basic business communications skills such as advanced writing, listening and have basic office and mathematics skills, and customer service skills. Possession of professional skills such as report writing, basic statistics, effective presentation skills and creative skills are required. Previous experience with Internet and MS Office Skills, including MS Word and MS Excel required. A Bachelors in Electrical Engineering required. Masters in Electrical Engineering  preferred. Additionally,7 plus years experience as a component engineer with familiarity of Digital, Analog, microprocessor, FPGA, mechanical, and electro-mechanical components is required as well as 3 years experience working with RoHS, Reach, UL, and other regulatory component requirements required. Experience with ISO 13485 regulated medical devices, specifically with executing design changes within a compliant design controls framework desired.






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed