*Optometrists don’t just settle for any medical practice!* Here’s your chance to join a unique and growing multi-specialty house call practice. Mobile Physicians Services is a group of industry-leading house call doctors and nurse practitioners that are dedicated to improving the quality of life of our patients in the comfort of their own homes. If you  are looking to spend more time with patients and focus on positive patient outcomes, this is the position for you! Our low-volume practice about four to five patients per  day allows you to deliver the highest quality of care to each patient. In addition to the  satisfaction of making a difference in the lives of your patients, you’ll enjoy a very  competitive salary with full benefits! So if you’re ready for the medical career of your  dreams, it’s time to join our care team!  *Here We Grow Again!* We have new full time and part time positions available in the following territories:  • Citrus/Hernando County • Pasco County • Pinellas County • Hillsborough County • Manatee/Sarasota County  *House Call Care Optometrist (OD) Job Responsibilities* As a house call optometrist you will provide comprehensive eye care in the patient’s  private homes or assisted living facilities.  Additional responsibilities:  • Provide routine eye exams. • Providing fittings for eye glasses or contact lens • Management of acute of chronic eye problems. • Developing treatment plans based on scientific rationale, standards of care, and professional practice guidelines • Analyzing and interpreting patients' histories, symptoms, physical findings, or  diagnostic information to develop appropriate diagnoses  • Educating patients about self-management of acute or chronic illnesses.  *Job Requirements*  We are looking for a skilled optometrist who can provide quality care to our homebound  patients in their private homes or assisted living facilities. This is the perfect position for  an experienced OD who is looking to spend more time with patients; focusing on patient  care, rather than quantity of visits preformed per day. If that’s you and you’re interested  in becoming a member of our dynamic healthcare team, we want to talk to you!   *House Call Care Optometrist (OD) Benefits*  Our practice is offering both very flexible part-time positions as well as full-time positions  with *aggressive compensation* around *$140,000 to $200,000* and *100% paid benefits including health, life, vision, dental, PTO, and covered CEUs.*






salary licence-needed