MISC Products, Inc. is a small, privately owned company, specializing in the manufacturing of automotive, interior, soft trim components.  We are seeking a qualified individual to assume the Quality Engineering responsibilities.  Overview:  The Quality Manager position is located at MISC Products, Inc. in Macomb, MI.  Summary of Position with General Responsibilities:  This position performs various tasks directly related to the quality control of product manufacturing.  This includes creative problem solving of production quality issues, customer and supplier quality control, APQP support for new products, and maintaining/updating the Quality Management System, as needed.  Typical processes include industrial sewing, light assembly, ultrasonic welding, hot strip cutting, etc.  The essential job functions of this position include:  • Respond to quality concerns, both internal and external, and lead the corrective action process o Candidates must demonstrate strong problem solving skills – both corrective and preventative • Develop/revise quality standards for new programs, corrective actions, and engineering changes o Create and maintain controlled documentation used for manufacturing • Participate in continuous improvement initiatives to improve quality and reduce waste • Complete PPAP related tasks in support of new product launches • Create/update Control Plans and FMEAs for new programs, corrective actions due to quality concerns, and engineering changes. • Statistical Process Control (SPC) – Monitor Cpk/Ppk values and lead team in efforts to improve process capability  • Participate as core team member of the APQP process for new product launches and/or changes • Read and interpret engineering drawings and specifications • Writing machine/process set-up documents • Maintain and update quality records for trend analysis • Responsible for maintaining and updating any quality documentation needed by TS16949  • Implement Quality Manual procedures and recommend updates, as necessary • Perform Internal or Suppler Quality System Audits  To be considered for this position, you should have the following education and skills: • Minimum 5+ years quality engineering experience, including TS16949 (automotive interior experience preferred) • Working knowledge of the automotive core tools: PPAP, APQP, Control Plans, FMEA, SPC, etc • Skilled Mac/PC user; familiar with Word and Excel.  Database experience, preferred  Salary range from $65,000 to $85,000, based on education and experience.  Excellent company paid health, life, and retirement (401K) benefits.  To apply, please email cover letter, resume, and salary requirements.  Include “2014 Quality Manager Application“ in the subject line. Only candidates providing this information will be considered.  Equal Opportunity Employer Principals Only. No agencies or third-party recruiters, please.






supervising-job salary 5-plus-years-experience-needed