This position will office out of our Las Colinas, Texas location.  Headquartered in Las Colinas, Texas, FleetPride is the nation’s largest independent distributor of heavy-duty truck and trailer replacement parts, with 248 branches spanning the country. FleetPride also sponsors a nationwide network of over 240 repair and maintenance facilities known as FleetCare Truck Service Centers. We employ over 2,900 experienced parts and service professionals across all of our business disciplines.  Formed in 1999, FleetPride has earned a solid and loyal customer base across several markets by providing outstanding customer service and real value. Our customers include fleets and operators from large corporations, local businesses and municipalities. We serve many industries such as freight, shipping, leasing services, agricultural, food and beverage, construction, waste management and many others.  *Description*: Provide strategic and operational HR consultation and support for the Sales organization. Consult with SVP Sales and Regional Sales leadership to develop and deliver customized solutions for critical business needs including talent strategies, specific staffing needs, employee and leadership development programs and training initiatives.  Lead the organization through culture change efforts through organizational development, cultural and process-oriented perspectives. Act as a liaison between the business and corporate HR on key initiatives such as pay and incentive programs, retention strategies, and recruiting efforts.   Supports implementation of corporate policies related to human resources activities and issues. Consult with employees and management, to resolve employee relations issues using a systematic approach.  Deliver all HR related programs including annual performance review process, compensation programs, talent management, and training.  *Education*:  Bachelor's degree or equivalent.   *Experience*:  Minimum 5-8 years related experience preferred.   Key skills and abilities required to be successful in this role include: • Ability to build strong relationships across the organization and influence leadership at the executive level • Ability to multi-task and handle complex employee relations matters with minimum supervision and with excellent follow up. • Comfort in dealing with ambiguous and ever-changing situations. • Ability to work in a start-up organization with a fast paced environment. • Provide consultative services and develop strategic solutions. • Process development, implementation, evaluation, and adjustment • Problem solving through data analysis, strong analytical ability. • Solid understanding of company HR processes and procedures, with an ability to develop creative solutions within those boundaries. • Presentation skills (one-on-one and large groups)  • Strong communication ability (up, down and laterally) – both verbal and written • Ideal candidate will have experience consulting with Sales Organizations. • Must be able to travel, 25%-35% of time. • PHR or SPHR preferred • Bilingual (Spanish) a plus






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job