POSITION SUMMARY:    Under the general supervision of the Director of Human Resources performs the duties related to Human Resources such as benefits administration, recruiting and hiring, and employee relations.  ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS:  1. Negotiate, establish, and maintain relationships with all benefits vendors. 2. Review company benefits on a regular basis to ensure company is providing the best value for the employees. 3. Establish, monitor, and maintain all processes related to staffing management, benefits, compensation, training, hiring, separation and employee relations ensure legal compliance. 4. Review and revise company policies and procedures contained in the company handbook to ensure all standards are current and meet legal requirements. 5. Ensure all employee files meet documentation and retention standards as required by law. 6. Review all invoices related to benefit expenses for approval and oversee invoice header preparation for payment.  7. Provide support to all management staff concerning employee disciplinary actions.   8. Establish, manage, and maintain processes for employee suggestions and concerns. 9. Ensure all personnel complete training required by Federal government contractors and by federal, state, and county law. 10. Partners with management to communicate Human Resources policies, procedures, programs and laws. 11. Formulates and recommends HR policies and employee relations practices necessary to establish a positive employer-employee relationship and promote a high level of employee morale and motivation; conducts periodic surveys to measure employee satisfaction. 12. Coaches and trains managers in their communication, feedback, recognition, and interaction responsibilities with the employees who report to them. 13. Monitors and advises managers and supervisors on disciplinary actions; monitors the implementation of performance improvement plans with non-performing employees. 14. Conducts investigations when employee complaints or concerns are brought forth. 15. Reviews, guides, and approves management recommendations for employment terminations; leads exit process.  MARGINAL FUNCTIONS:  1. Implement, manage, and maintain methods for employee communications. 2. Assist management staff with developing methods for employee recognition and maintaining employee morale. 3. Complete all other assigned duties from the Human Resources Director.






