*Summary*  Provides technical support and troubleshooting for Corporate and Governmental customers with exceptional service.  *Essential Duties and Responsibilities* • Provides technical phone support for employees of corporate customers.  • Assists users in troubleshooting Outlook  • Provides support for Microsoft Operating Systems (XP, Windows7, Windows 8).  • Provides support for mobile devices including configuration and email sync.  • Provide configuration and troubleshooting of Microsoft servers and software, such as Small Business Server, Active Directory and Exchange  • Handles 15-20 issues per day efficiently and appropriately.  • Gathers information pertaining to customer specific software, and routes to appropriate support groups.  • Utilizes Active Directory database to reset passwords and create users.  • Assists users in adding and changing network printers.  • Provides technical support for VPN connectivity issues.  • Controls user’s computers utilizing remote access tools.  • Provide Voip phones provisioning and troubleshooting • Troubleshoots remote access connectivity problems.    *Qualifications*  To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.   *Experience* • 5 years of technical experience • 1 year experience in call center or helpdesk environment preferred.   *Technical Skills *  *Required Knowledge:* • Networking- Intermediate • Server- Intermediate • Needs to have worked on Server 2008/SBS/2003 • Exchange – Basic Management Experience • Desktop support- Advanced • Remote Support- Advanced • Trixbox or 3CX knowledge a plus: troubleshooting and provisioning phones.  *Preferred but not mandatory:* • Configuration and troubleshooting StorageCraft ShadowProtect backup  • Experience with ConnectWise or other PSA  • Experience with Zenith or other RMM (Remote Monitoring and Management) system  • Technical certifications, such as Comptia, CCNA, MCSE/MCITP  *Other Skills and Abilities* • Strong technical and customer interaction skills.  • Self-starter with excellent organizational, administrative and interpersonal skills.  • Ability to follow through with tasks, projects, and troubleshooting with minimal supervision.  • Outstanding oral, written, technical, and business communication skills.  • Superb customer service skills.  • Ability to multi-task and work in fast paced environment.   *Physical Demands* The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.   While performing the duties of this Job, the employee is constantly required to sit, talk, see, hear, and use hands and arms. The employee is frequently required to stand; move about, climb steps or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. 80% of work will be done in-house. Occasionally there will be a need to go onsite for projects or migrations.  The above statements describe the general nature and level of work being performed by individuals assigned to this classification. This is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and duties required of personnel so classified.






5-plus-years-experience-needed