POSITION SUMMARY Responsibilities :  • Overall clinical and financial operations of the Home Health Branch Establish and evaluate goals/objectives for home health services  Promote high standards of quality clinical care and sound financial success • Meet growth and development targets, both clinically and financially, at the branch level.  • Manage all expenditures in a fiscally responsible manner in accordance with the Company’s budget.  • Responsible for the employment of qualified home health personnel  • Establish and maintain standards of high quality care and customer service in compliance with federal and state regulations and guidelines.  Other Duties :   • Demonstrate the company Mission – Vision – Values through both behavior and job performance on a day-to-day basis.    • Take action, make decisions and shape teams or group priorities to achieve branch clinical and operational goals.   • Manage the operations of Branch Staff in achievement of identified clinical and operational goals.   • Ensure effective and ongoing training of team members, evaluates and records individual and team performance  • Establishe criteria and/or work procedures to achieve a high level of quality, productivity or service.   • Maintain full responsibility of the overall functions of the financials areas and cost controls, adhere to financial and accounting policies and procedures and manage expenditures in a fiscally responsible manner   • Adhere to all standardized procedures; ensure compliance with local, state and federal laws, Medicare regulations and the Company’s policies and procedures   • Guide the setting of specific and measurable team goals and objectives. Help to clarify roles and responsibilities of team members; helps ensure that necessary steering, review or support functions are in place.   •  Work closely with site leadership on supervision, development and direction of employees in accordance with policies, procedures and guidelines   • Work with Sales Leadership to develop approaches that best position products, services or ideas in the marketplace.   • Work with regional and program leadership to develop and implement comprehensive business development plans for the branch   • Organize information and data to identify/explain major trends, problems and causes; compare and combine information to identify underlying issues. indentify the key tasks and resources needed to achieve objectives.   • Ensure strategies are carried out; monitors results and makes adjustments as needed.






supervising-job