Job Description With dedicated departments for not only print services, but for motion graphics, AV, social media, interactive/digital, as well as media planning & buying, PETROL is constantly developing fully integrated global marketing campaigns for major brands across genres.  Making us unique as an agency is our ability to communicate effectively to consumers aged 18-34—and demonstrate the effectiveness of our campaigns with measurable results. At PETROL, our passion is to continuously innovate and create precedent-setting ways to advertise to the youth market. Whether it be growing a brand, promoting a new title, or launching a new property, PETROL consistently converts interest in our campaigns into increased revenue for our client partners.  We pride ourselves on our versatility and effectiveness across genres; from helping transform UFC into the fastest-growing sport on the planet through our years as their marketing partner, to doubling the sales revenue for Turtle Beach in one fiscal year, to creating the visual identity for Call of Duty: Black Ops II—the biggest entertainment launch of all time—PETROL consistently delivers the 18-34 demographic, often with record-setting results.   That’s where you come in.    As Senior Flash Animator / Designer, you’ll concept and give life to projects for Petrol Advertising and our clients. Your technical skills and eye for motion and story will drive the transformation of static artwork into engaging animated banner ads and rich media units.   You are: Experienced: you bring at least four years’ experience working with animation and development, so you’re pro at F lash, Actionscript 3, After Effects, Photoshop and have solid knowledge of banner specifications, media advertising platforms such as Media Mind and Point Roll and Double Click.   Technically skilled: You will output deliverables using advanced optimization techniques that prioritize performance and always conscious of K size limits and our clients expectations.  Artistic: You inform design with your motion approach and design aesthetic to visualize your ideas. You’re comfortable collaborating, giving and receiving constructive and creative feedback.  Problem Solver: You’re able to quickly identify and trouble shoot issues and develop a root cause analysis.  You constantly seek ways to do things better and faster.  Productive and motivated: You believe artist’s block is for amateurs and you’re motivated to create nothing less than AAA animation, interactivity and experience; you make creative decisions and drive projects forward without sacrificing quality  Player-focused: as a gamer yourself, you know the importance of creating artwork that leads to more beautiful game experiences; though your art's awesomeness commands attention, you'd never let art upstage the holistic player experience   You will: Breathe life into our clients work by adding motion to static design in order to realize your vision of the ultimate experience Work closely with artists, designers and account team to create conceptually sound banners and rich media units that embrace and extend out clients brand and core consumers. Define how elements within projects will interact, build, transition and function from the concept stage on up Give and receive constructive and creative feedback across involved teams  Required Skills Flash ActionScript 3.0 HTML 5 After Effects Photoshop Experience with Double Click, Media Mind and other leading media platforms  Required Experience 4 Years in the industry  Job Location Burbank, California, United States  *Final Candidates must complete and pass background check*






2-4-years-experience-needed