*Position Overview* As a key member of the state leadership team, the State Program Manager is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Senior Community Services Employment Program (SCSEP) and other EW programs for (WY). Responsible for successfully developing and implementing the state plan, delivering excellent customer service to SCSEP participants and other key stakeholders, and achieving all performance goals.  The position reports directly to the Assistant Director or Program Operations.   *Essential Duties and Responsibilities* • Leads the state’s program operations, serving as a role model that demonstrates a commitment to the mission and values of Experience Works. • Develops and successfully implements the state plan within the context of EW’s strategic planning process. • Guides the achievement of all performance goals in the state in a manner that conforms with EW values and policies, and relevant laws, regulations and guidance.  • Engages state program operations staff in a positive manner and holds staff accountable for outcomes, and EW values, policies and methods. • Hires, develops, coaches and manages state program staff to deliver high-quality program services. • Routinely monitors progress in achieving the state plan and performance goals, providing staff coaching and program interventions when appropriate. • Ensures excellent customer service to participants and other key stakeholders.  • Builds relationships with key stakeholders (e.g., employers, host agencies, employer networks, public officials and their staffs, press, community organizations) and promotes Experience Works visibility at the state and local levels. • Supports ETCs in developing and successfully implementing their territory plan in the context of EW strategic planning process and the state plan. • Collaborates with other departments and leads state staff in a manner that strengthens cohesion with Experience Works.  • Ensures that program operations are fully compliant with laws, regulations, guidance and contracts. • Implements EW’s continuous improvements processes and methodologies to ensure high-quality, cost-effective service delivery.  • Works with the Assistant Director for Program Operations and other National staff to prepare proposals in the state and take advantage of new business opportunities.  • Identifies opportunities for expanded services and supports efforts to grow EW’s revenues. • Provides additional support as requested.    *Essential Qualities, Skills, and Competencies*  • Shares the philosophy expressed by the Experience Works’ mission and leads in a manner that motives others.  • A minimum of three years of management experience; experience with remote management is a plus.   • Strong interpersonal skills with the ability to cultivate new relationships and work in a collaborative manner. • Demonstrated ability to develop, motivate and manage staff. • Demonstrated experience in achieving performance goals and objectives.   • Strong analytical skills, ability to prepare and use budgets, comfortable making data-based decisions. • Demonstrated experience developing, implementing and monitoring plans and continuous improvement processes. • Strong oral and written communications skills.  • Knowledge of aging and workforce programs.  • Proficient in Microsoft Office applications. • Must work from Experience Works’ state office.  • Willingness to travel. • Bi-lingual is a plus.  Experience Works is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is dedicated to these principles. We value and welcome diversity in the workplace and encourage all minorities, women, veterans, and persons with disabilities to apply.   To apply for the WY Operation State Program Manager qualified candidates should submit a cover letter and resume by March 28, 2014.1






supervising-job