Crush Team Member   Description:  Make the best Artisan Wood Fired Pizzas - and having fun doing it. Have great customer service skills and teamwork and  learn to make fresh food.  At Crush, our Team members take pride in preparing Made- From-Scratch Food. This needs to be done in an organized and clean environment by consistently following the proper recipes and high standards regarding food preparation, cleaning and sanitation, teamwork and customer service. Team members will ensure that the Crush customer experience is always the best it can be and always do it better. Team members will be cross trained to work at a variety of stations: Pizza Line, Food Prep, Salads, Wood Fired Oven, Gelato and P.O.S. In each area they’re greeting and interacting directly with customers and making their food with pride and integrity. Team members’ responsibilities will require them to be on their feet. If they are not busy, they are expected to take on tasks that need to get done, and pitch in to help their team members.  Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:  Food Prep  • Completing hot and cold food preparation accurately, neatly, and in a timely fashion • Following recipes accurately and preparing food processes such as marinating, seasoning, and grilling; chopping herbs; dicing, cutting, and slicing vegetables • Preparing food throughout the day as needed. • following appropriate portion control and consistently monitoring food levels on the line • Following proper food handling, safety, and sanitation standards while preparing food.  Customer Experience  • taking orders and providing a friendly, quality customer experience to every customer • Understanding and explaining Crush culture & made from scratch food.   Miscellaneous  • Consistently and accurately using prep sheets, cleaning  list, and station checklists • Following sanitation standards including washing cookware, utensils and cleaning equipment thoroughly throughout the day   The ideal candidate will:  • Have the ability to develop a positive working  environment  with all Team Members and work as part of a team by helping others as needed  • Have the ability to speak clearly and listen attentively to customers and other employees • Have the ability to look neat and professional at all times and display a positive and enthusiastic approach to all aspects of the job • Be able to exhibit a cheerful and helpful attitude, and provide exceptional customer service • Be able to move fast and with a sense of urgency • Have the ability to a complete understanding of the menu • Have the ability and be willing to be cross-trained in all areas of the kitchen and line • Have a high school diploma






