Maxim Healthcare Services is one of the leading providers of medical staffing, home health and wellness services in the United States.  Founded in 1988, Maxim has rapidly expanded to include 12 divisions and over 400 branch offices in 44 states and the District of Columbia.  We have earned a position as an innovative leader in the healthcare industry through our emphasis on quality patient care, compliance initiatives and customer service.  Today, Maxim is one of the largest privately owned companies in our industry.     Maxim has committed itself to achieving exemplary corporate citizenship, best practices of effective corporate governance, the highest levels of integrity and professionalism, integrity in the operation of federal healthcare programs, and a culture of openness, accountability and compliance throughout Maxim.     Our Corporate Headquarters, in Columbia, MD is seeking an enthusiastic and aspiring individual to join our corporate team as an entry-level Reimbursement Specialist. The ideal candidate must enjoy working in a fast paced environment.     Essential Duties and Responsibilities:  Supporting a series of branch offices with accounting functions, such as invoicing corporate clients for services rendered.  Reviewing unpaid accounts to determine status and taking appropriate action to ensure payment.  Contacting corporate clients regarding reimbursement for unpaid accounts over thirty (30) days or more, by researching and following up on denials and requests for additional information.     Qualifications     Minimum Requirements:  Undergraduate degree  6 months to a year of work in an office environment preferred  Possess quick and accurate Alpha/numeric data entry skills  Working knowledge of Microsoft Word and Excel, and Web-enabled applications  Exhibit excellent work ethic and commitment to job responsibilities  Must be a self-starter, with ability to work well as part of a team and independently  Present a positive image that reflects well on the organization    Our company is committed to maintaining a challenging environment that promotes personal accountability, personal growth, and an active role in the driving vision of the company. We offer competitive pay, full benefits including medical, dental and vision coverage as well as 401(k), 529 college savings plan, basic life insurance with the option of supplemental and 17 days paid time off in addition to holidays.     To learn more about Maxim Healthcare Services, please visit our website www.example.com and APPLY ONLINE at www.example.com.     EOE/AAE






associate-needed