Basic Function:  The Physical Therapist will administer medically-prescribed physical therapy techniques in both general rehab and orthopedic settings. He or she will provide quality patient care; perform evaluations, treatment planning, patient treatment, and reassessments as a primary responsibility.  The scope of work includes planning, organizing and conducting treatment programs, evaluating their effectiveness, and interpreting and documenting patients’ progress.  The Physical Therapist will be assisted in their duties with licensed and trained Flexeon PTA’s and ATC’s.  Primary Responsibilities: • Performs accurate evaluation and assessment of all patients’ referred, as to physical and functional status, after affirmation of insurance verification.  • Establishes and implements treatment plan with measurable goals for patients, based on initial evaluation.  Confers with physician when necessary.  • Administers treatment required.  Instruct patient/ family on home exercise programs and follow-up care to achieve desired results.  • Performs ongoing evaluation and reassessment of patient condition and adjusts treatment regimen as indicated.  • Completes all necessary documentation on patient care in a timely manner within the computer system and/or within the patient’s file.  (Initial evaluation within 24 hours, progress notes by the end of each work day, and discharge summary within 7 days of discharge and faxed to billing department.)  • Inputs patient visit information into the Flexeon computer system in a timely manner, so that patient billing can be distributed.  • Communicates as needed with other health professionals and/ or administrative staff in order to facilitate good patient care and record keeping.  • Participate in certification, accreditation, quality assurance, or program evaluations, as requested.  • Provide community information and participation as is appropriate for a Physical Therapist.  • Participate in personal program of professional development.  • Interact with physicians and others in the community to educate them, concerning the services of Flexeon.  • Recommend equipment purchases, periodical or book purchases, and small supply purchases to immediate Center Manager.  • Participate in preventive maintenance program of clinic.  • Participate in orientation of staff as requested.  • Communicate with Account Manager re: charges, insurance, scheduling, etc. Continuous communication between clinic and main office in order to update all clinic information.  • Performs all duties in compliance with Medicare and all applicable state of Illinois regulations.  • Administers standardized testing procedures in approval and recommended fashion, as well as informal testing to evaluate patients status and progress  • Directs activities of PTA’s, ATC’s, and Techs as needed for patient care  • Adheres to policies and procedures including vacation/time off, punctuality/attendance  • Maintain clean, safe working environment to facilitate quality of patient care, and efficient operations.  • Recognizes and responds appropriately in emergency situations.  • Participates in staff meetings  • Attends continuing education programs as approved by the company and establish educational training for clinicians within the region assigned.  • Maintains appropriate confidentiality  • Communicates with doctors in a timely manner regarding patient status changes or treatment questions  • Notifies/documents patient discharge to doctors    Minimum Qualifications: • MPT  • State Physical Therapy License • 1-3 years Physical Therapy experience (outpatient preferred)   Preferences: • Bi-lingual    Physical Demands: The Physical Therapist will be expected to perform general PT tasks which require standing for extended periods of time.  Lifting, carrying, and moving exercise equipment up to 50 lbs.  Assisting patients by lifting, pushing, and pulling them onto various surfaces.  Work Environment: The Physical Therapist will work in a clinic setting with bright lighting, minimal noise, and in rare occasions, exposure to blood, airborne pathogens, body fluids, and other biohazards.  The Physical Therapist will be frequently exposed to latex and will be required to use latex 25-50% of the time.   _This job description is not intended to be all inclusive, and employees shall perform other duties as appropriate.  Flexeon Rehabilitation Holdings reserves the right to change job duties as the need arises.  This job description does not constitute a written or implied contract of employment.  Flexeon Rehabilitation Holdings is an EOE._






licence-needed 1-year-experience-needed