We seek a well-educated, compassionate and energetic candidate for our open position as a Clinic Director.   Flexeon is a growing organization that offers great career growth potential.  Flexeon offers long-term career opportunities to top-quality people who are eager to elevate their abilities through continuing education. Each year, we sponsor clinicians in a variety of advanced education courses that allow them to hone specialized skills and to receive valued certifications from organizations such as Ola Grimsby Institute, North American Institute, Matheson FCE certification, among many others.  We also conduct community outreach programs, in which our professionals deliver a variety of lectures and seminars.  Make no mistake, Flexeon will challenge you to rise to even higher levels of expertise. And we will reward you accordingly with great benefits and compensation programs.   Basic Function:   The Clinic Director will administer medically-prescribed physical therapy techniques in both general rehab and orthopedic settings. He or she will provide quality patient care; perform evaluations, treatment planning, patient treatment, and reassessments as a primary responsibility.  The scope of work includes planning, organizing and conducting treatment programs, evaluating their effectiveness, and interpreting and documenting patients’ progress. The Clinic Director will be assisted in their duties with licensed and trained Flexeon PT’s, PTA’s and ATC’s. The Clinic Director will assist in various administrative duties as necessary.     Primary Responsibilites: • Manages all Clinical staff schedules, time off request, coordinates coverage between therapists ensuring adequate personnel for daily operations. • Manages all Aides in regards to daily performance and closing duties. • Runs inventory on and replenishes clinical supplies. • Orders Clinical supplies and inspects that all equipment is in good working order. • Collect time sheets from clinicians, Aides and FD staff and prepares for payroll. • Runs monthly staff meetings and educational in-services. • Conducts performance reviews with all clinical staff and Aides. • Enforces all applicable company policy.  • Will report all clinical training needs to VP of Clinical Affairs for improving patient care management.    Minimum Qualifications: • MPT  • State Physical Therapy License • 3-5 years experience as a Physical Therapist (outpatient preferred)   Preferences: • Bi-lingual Spanish or Polish • 1-2 years managerial experience preferred but not required  Physical Demands: The Clinic Director will be expected on occasion to perform general Physical Therapist tasks which require standing for extended periods of time.  Lifting, carrying, and moving exercise equipment up to 25 lbs.  Assisting patients by lifting, pushing, and pulling them onto various surfaces.  The Clinic Director will also perform administrative tasks that require sitting, fine motor skills, and good close-up vision.   Work Environment: The Clinic Director will work in a clinic setting with bright lighting and minimal noise, and possible exposure to bodily fluids and blood borne pathogens.   This job description is not intended to be all inclusive, and employees shall perform other duties as appropriate.  Flexeon Rehabilitation reserves the right to change job duties as the need arises.  This job description does not constitute a written or implied contract of employment.  Flexeon Rehabilitation is an EOE.






supervising-job licence-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed