**THIS POSITION IS CONTINGENT ON CONTRACT AWARD - to begin September 30, 2013** Marine Corps Logistics Command – Albany, GA   -- --Must be able to meet physical demands of position and pass/maintain any related medical examination requirements required to perform assigned daily tasks. --May be required to pass and maintain a U.S. Government background security check.  JOB REQUIREMENTS:   1. Address USMC/Navy cargo problems related to standard port procedures (violation of which results in discrepancies). 2. Provide assistance to aerial port customer service representatives regarding DOD transiting shipments. 3. Assist aerial port customer service representatives by facilitating Marine Corps/Navy process improvements to minimize the occurrence of Marine Corps/Navy sponsored frustrated cargo. 4. Resolve/Process all frustrated cargo to ensure compliance with both aerial port and DOD requirements. 5. Monitor all cargo movements through all modes of transportation from origin to destination to determine the effectiveness of contracted transportation in meeting the Defense Transportation Time-line. 6. Is trained in the doctrinal concepts of landing support and the landing force support party; conducting port, arrival/departure airfield, helicopter landing zone, and rail head.   EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE Logistician II – Bachelor’s degree and 3 years experience, or High School diploma and 11 years experience.  Must be able to speak, read, write and understand English”  All employees have the responsibility for continuously developing and maintaining a safe work environment. As appropriate, each employee is responsible for completing all training requirements and fulfilling participating in emergency response tasks and serving on safety committees and teams. Additional training may be required upon job acceptance.  Procedure Compliance - Each employee must read, understand and implement the general and specific operational, safety, quality and environmental requirements of all plans, procedures and policies pertaining to his/her job.  SPECIALIZED EXPERIENCE: Within their resume applicants must explain how they have gained the Specialized Experience required for this position. All experience, education, or training which demonstrates a thorough knowledge of governing regulations, policies, procedures, and instructions applicable to the specific assignment should be outlined within resume.  - Security Clearance Preferred   -Must be eligible and able to receive a Govt CAC card as required. Also, pass all eligible screening to gain access to Military Facilities.  - Must be able to pass a Pre-employment drug test. -Possibility for travel to other project associated work sites as needed.   Threat Defense offers a benefits package that includes Medical, Dental/Vision, Life, 401K and more.






bs-degree-needed full-time-job salary 2-4-years-experience-needed