THE COMPANY  Ning is the world’s largest platform that makes it easy to create social websites that are powerful and totally customizable. Ning has over 80,000 social websites that reach 70 million unique visitors every month. Ning launched a new Paid Subscription business model in the summer of 2010 to great success, maintaining over 90% of it’s traffic, doubling its revenue, and beginning a rapid growth trajectory that lays the foundation for a billion dollar business. Based in Palo Alto, CA, Ning was co-founded in October 2004 by Chairman Marc Andreessen and Gina Bianchini and is privately held. For more information, visit www.example.com.    THE TEAM    The Infrastructure Engineering team is small and collaborative. Since our systems underlie so much of what is done at Ning, we are generalists who tackle interesting distributed systems problems. Usually, we’re able to do so with clean, elegant solutions. We care about performance and spend a lot of our time looking at how we’re doing under real-world loads. We are passionate about reliability and scalability so that our core systems are as robust as our customers need them to be. The Infrastructure Engineering team is responsible for the care and feeding of the Ning Platform. We build the core services that all of our features rely on: relational databases for many classes of content, a large object key/value store, asynchronous job processing, logging and data feeds, and photo/video management, to name a few. Those services are generally built on MySQL in Java, Ruby, PHP, and C++; we use other tools and languages when they’re appropriate for the task. We track and use many open-source projects (eg. Hadoop, Jetty, Chef) and have open-sourced our own tools when it makes sense.    THE OPPORTUNITY    * Develop new Platform services and features to meet the Ning’s evolving needs.  * Develop services and features to enable third-party developers to extend our platform by building their own widgets.  * Develop the core building blocks of Internet-scale infrastructure as productized frameworks and services.  * Build and extend the distributed systems that provide near real-time visibility into what end users and networks are doing. Our pipeline is built on modern open-source systems, including Thrift and Hadoop.  * Measure and analyze the performance and scalability characteristics of distributed systems through a variety of home-grown and external tools.  * When it comes time to release your software, deploy it to production yourself, coordinating with other engineers in dev and ops.  * Work closely with the operations to deliver world-class availability and performance.     THE QUALIFICATIONS    * Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical field.  * At least 4 years software engineering experience designing and developing modern web-based server solutions in rapid development cycles.  * Experience with modern software engineering tools, like git and maven.  * Demonstrated experience building Internet-scale distributed server systems and delivering them into a 24x7, high-availability production environment.  * Expert in Java or C++ development and debugging. Expert in MySQL databases. You thrive outside the cookie cutter of a traditional application server. Experience in large-scale data processing is a big plus.  * Expert in Internet protocols and technologies including HTTP, SSL, DNS, TCP/IP, XML, JSON, and RSS.  * Solid understanding and practical experience in Object Oriented Design & Programming, Design Patterns, Software Development life cycle process and procedures. 






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed