2nd Corinthians Outreach Ministries Inc., based in Port St. Lucie, Florida, offers a wide range of outreach ministry services to help those in need across the county. provides multiple services to veteran and military service members and their families. Services to children with special needs and family support and outreach to members of the community.     The responsibilities of this position are broad in scope, encompassing a wide variety of activities. Qualified candidates must be task oriented leaders with big-picture thinking and the ability to produce and monitor quality work in any environment.    1. Community and Social Service Specialists, All Other:  2. Fundraisers  3. Office Clerks, General    Fundraisers:  Organize activities to raise funds or otherwise solicit and gather monetary donations or other gifts for an organization. May design and produce promotional materials. May also raise awareness of the organization's work, goals, and financial needs.    Community and Social Service Specialists, All Other:  Communicating with Persons Outside Organization -- Communicating with people outside the organization, representing the organization to customers, the public, government, and other external sources. This information can be exchanged in person, in writing, or by telephone or e-mail.     Office Clerks, General:   Perform duties too varied and diverse to be classified in any specific office clerical occupation, requiring knowledge of office systems and procedures. Clerical duties may be assigned in accordance with the office procedures of individual establishments and may include a combination of answering telephones, bookkeeping, typing or word processing, office machine operation, and filing.    Please email for further information. or call  XXX    •Location: Treasure Coast  •Compensation: $8.50 per hour  •Telecommuting is ok.  •This is a part-time job.  •This is a contract job.  •This is at a non-profit organization.  •This is an internship job  •OK to highlight this job opening for persons with disabilities  •OK for recruiters to contact this job poster.  •Phone calls about this job are ok.  •Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.






hourly-wage part-time-job