The City of Saratoga is recruiting for the position of    ADMINISTRATIVE ANALYST I    $73,298 to $89,086 annual (adjusted 2.5% as of July 1, 2013)    THE PROCESS  To be considered for this exciting career opportunity, please apply online ONLY through www.example.com and click on member agencies, followed by the City of Saratoga. As part of the online application process, please attach your resume and answers to the required supplemental questionnaire.    Applications will be considered incomplete if the resume and answers to the supplemental questionnaire (see last section below) are not included with the online application.  The application final filing date for this position is Friday, May 10, 2013, at 5:00 p.m.    THE POSITION  This integral position within the City Manager Department is responsible for performing a wide range of complex, technical, administrative, and analytical activities in support of the organization and the operation of the City. This position reports directly to the City Clerk which the incumbent also serves in a Senior Administrative Analyst role within the department and reports directly to the City Manager.    EXAMPLES OF ESSENTIAL WORK (ILLUSTRATIVE ONLY):  1. Facilitates City programs and /or projects, including those related to public outreach and community relations including media relations;  2. Performs media and community relations duties, including preparation of a variety of press releases, responding to local media inquiries, working with public information officers as required, producing community outreach materials, such as event flyers, informational materials, and the City Newsletter – The Saratogan;  3. Conceptualizes, designs, and produces a variety of multimedia outreach materials utilizing Adobe InDesign and Adobe Photoshop software programs;  4. Coordinates City events, such as Arbor Day and grand openings of City projects;  5. Updates City News on the City website, Facebook page, and weekly news and event emails by gathering information about upcoming events and projects;  6. Manages the recording, content and broadcasting of the Saratoga 1610 AM radio;  7. Facilitates the application process for and issues Group Use Permits for City Parks and Special Event Permits for events on City-owned streets and parking lots, and other related event documents;  8. Oversees sustainability projects and works with external stakeholders to remain current on sustainability trends and laws;  9. Assists the department with the preparation of written materials for the City’s annual budget and the Budget-In-Brief document;  10. Represents the City in meetings and serves as liaison with a variety of public agencies, community groups, and organizations;  11. Responds to internal and external inquires, complaints, and requests for assistance by providing information where judgment, knowledge and interpretation are utilized, and confidential information is handled properly;  12. As assigned, serves as liaison to City Commissions including: ensuring that meeting notifications and recordkeeping occurs consistent with applicable State laws, providing professional guidance, issue analysis, and recommendations, making sure the intent of the Commission is not lost after a decision, and that it is conveyed to the City Council in a timely manner, presenting Commission recommendations to the City Council, and maintaining a positive working relationship with the Chair and Commission members;  13. Independently coordinates, participates in, and facilitates community meetings on a variety of topics;  14. Assists with intergovernmental relations, including public policy research and analysis; conducts special research projects, including gathering, compiling, and analyzing information to provide recommendations and alternative courses of action;  15. Coordinates the preparation of a wide variety of reports and presentations to the City Council, Commissions, staff, and outside organizations;  16. May identify grant opportunities, prepare grant proposals, and monitor grant activities to ensure compliance with stipulations and reporting requirements;  17. May prepare and administer contracts for projects and programs;  18. May prepare reports, manuals, bid proposals, requests for proposals, and other documents for special projects, programs, and research;  19. May supervise staff as assigned; and  20. May be required to attend off-hour meetings and performs other duties as assigned.    KNOWLEDGE AND ABILITIES  Knowledge of: Principles, methods, and practices of public administration; Operational characteristics, services, and activities of the City and the City Manager Department, Principles of City government administration, organization, and budget; Principles and practices of program, policy, and procedure evaluation and development; Methods and techniques of data collection, research, report preparation, writing, and presentation; Principles of business letter writing; Principles and practices of state and local legislative process; basic principles of supervision and training; principles and practices of project management, time management, and record keeping; Public relations and customer service techniques; Public speaking techniques; English usage, spelling, grammar, and punctuation; Office procedures, methods, and equipment including computers and applicable software applications; Pertinent federal, state and local laws, codes and regulations including the Brown Act and the Public Records Act; Principles and practices of project management.    Ability to: Perform a wide variety of responsible, complex, and diverse professional duties involving the use of independent judgment and personal initiative; Understand the organization and operation of the City as a whole and outside agencies as necessary to assume assigned responsibilities; Interpret and apply pertinent federal, state, and local laws, codes, and regulations as well as City departmental policies and procedures; Conduct various studies and analyses on a wide variety of issues; Analyze problems, identify alternative solutions, project consequences of proposed actions, and implement recommendations in support of goals; Organize and direct a function, program, or project; Coordinate a variety of tasks and assignments simultaneously; Plan and organize work to meet changing priorities and deadlines; Operate office equipment including computers and supporting applications; Effectively respond to internal and external inquires, complaints, and requests for assistance by providing information where judgment, knowledge and interpretation are utilized, and confidential information is respected and handled properly; Communicate clearly and concisely, both orally and in writing; Prepare a variety of media and community outreach materials; Conceptualize, design, and produce a variety of multimedia outreach materials utilizing supporting software programs; Develop and maintain effective working relationships with the Mayor, City Council, Commissions, staff, other government agencies, business groups, community partners, and the general public; Work independently.    EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATION   Bachelor’s Degree and a minimum of two (2) years of progressively responsible experience in a closely-related position.   The position requires a Valid “Class C” California driver’s license and a satisfactory driving record.  COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS  The City of Saratoga provides an excellent total compensation and benefits package. A summary of benefits may be obtained online at www.example.com  REQUIRED SUPPLEMENTAL QUESTIONS  Please respond briefly but adequately to fully address each of the following questions. You may draw on applicable experience through your work, education, or volunteering experience.  1. What attributes and characteristics of the position best suit your abilities at this time?  2. What attributes and characteristics of the position would provide you the professional growth opportunity you are seeking?  3. Explain your working relationships and experience interacting with Council Members, Commissioners, and City Managers and/or other high-level policy makers, including any experience coordinating and supporting community groups, such as a Commission.  4. Describe your background writing communications products, reports, and analyses. How you have worked to reach the different audiences through your writing style?  5. Describe your public relations experience, including any experience working directly with the media.  6. Explain your interest level and experience in graphic design, photography, website, and social media. Please note your experience working with Adobe InDesign and/or Adobe Photoshop.  7. Organization and planning is critical to this position as there may be competing priorities and multiple requests from different sources simultaneously. How do you manage your work in order to be effective with your organization and planning?






bs-degree-needed salary 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job