The Search Marketing Manager has the primary responsibility of managing and promoting the various online marketing programs offered to our franchise networks. This position serves as a key point of contact for franchisees and vendor/partners regarding all aspects of paid search and other forms of digital marketing.   If you are a seasoned digital marketing professional with a strong background in paid and organic search including online directories and maps and are interested in helping our brands and respective franchisees generate sales leads, this opportunity may be right for you.   Primary Responsibilities  Manage our paid search marketing (SEM) program through collaboration with our digital marketing agency, other vendors and our franchisees to create, implement, analyze and refine our campaigns for our various brands and franchise locations Provide day-to-day management of all aspects of our local and national paid search campaigns including campaign structure and keyword strategy, copywriting and testing, bid management, landing page development and optimization, budget management, reporting and analysis, etc.  Serve as the primary point of contact and subject matter expert for paid search and other digital marketing  Teach and train our franchisees and internal staff on the principles and best practices of local search and digital marketing through one-to-one consultation and group training events Manage all digital marketing projects and communicate status on a regular basis to various internal stakeholders  Provide our franchisees and internal team with proactive and reactive support, guidance and communications regarding all paid search campaigns and projects Communicate relevant digital marketing news and information, campaign updates, etc. to our franchisees and other parties through both verbal and written means including presentations, videos, blog posts and articles   Generate and disseminate appropriate online marketing reporting on a regular basis to ensure all parties are aware of campaign performance Work with our internal advertising agency, creative team and other key stakeholders to manage the design, development and optimization of all landing pages for both online and offline media Supervise our external digital marketing agency and other online marketing vendors, managing priorities and the timely completion of all deliverables Manage all paid search and online marketing budgets (local and national) with a high degree oversight, compliance, integrity and pursuit of excellence Demonstrate an ongoing understanding of the our organization, brands, franchisees, end-customers, products/services and overall marketing strategy    Qualifications Bachelors in Advertising, Marketing, Communications or equivalent 4+ years of experience in online marketing, especially B2B and a minimum of 2 years in search engine marketing Proven track record of driving qualified traffic and conversions through paid search working for an agency or corporation with increasing responsibility  Solid understanding of integrated marketing principles and current trends and best practices Ability to manage and motivate agency partner(s) and other online vendors to deliver outstanding search campaign performance and online projects Experience in managing local paid search and digital marketing for a franchise organization, strongly preferred  Solid organizational, project management and communications skills; oral and written Thrives in a fast-paced, fluid and deadline intensive environment  Detail-oriented; proficient in multi-tasking Demonstrates integrity, maturity and a constructive approach to challenges Excellent customer service and team skills – open, friendly and supportive Strong bias for action, getting things done and supporting program objectives both individually and with a team Proficient in paid search advertising platforms (e.g. Google AdWords, Bing Ads,) core business programs (e.g. Word, Excel), online analytics (e.g. Google Analytics) and presentation software (e.g. Keynote); Apple business environment Understanding of online lead tracking and conversion monitoring (e.g UTM codes, Mongoose Metrics) Strong customer services skills to support our franchise network Occasional travel throughout the year  We offer: A competitive salary, commensurate with experience and a comprehensive benefits package Great corporate culture focused on the success of our franchisees and employees High-integrity organization with a solid reputation that spans decades  For prompt, personal consideration, please apply online. Only qualified applicants will be considered.  An equal opportunity employer (EOE).  About Franchise Service, Inc.  Franchise Services, Inc. (FSI) is a long established and well-respected franchise management company that owns the franchise brands, Sir Speedy, PIP, Signal Graphics, TeamLogic IT and MultiCopy. Franchise Services’ roots span more than 40-years developing and managing award-winning brands that support entrepreneurs and the small- to medium-sized business markets they serve. The company’s brands and worldwide affiliates can be found throughout the U.S. and in several countries around the globe.






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed salary supervising-job