If interested, please respond with resume in PDF format attached.  Assistant Property Manager/Business Manager  An Assistant Property Manager reports directly to the Property Manager and is one of company's on-site representatives. The Assistant Property Manager fully supports the Property Manager in all functions of asset management. Assistant Property Managers are responsible for a significant portion of the on-site accounting functions, as well as leasing apartments. This position also fills the role of the person-in-charge when the Property Manager is not present.  Primary Function: Assist in the direction and administration of all operations of the assigned residential/commercial property(s) including the annual business plan (budget); management, marketing and maintenance programs;computer operations;policies and procedures;and human resources in order to achieve maximum profitability and goals consistent with department objectives.  Qualifications,Skills and Experience: Education and experience requirements include either a 4-year BS/BA degree, a 2-year Associates degree combined with a minimum of 1 year direct property management experience, or a 2-year Associates degree with at least 2 years of related business management experience.  Responsibilities: 1. Conduct all business in accordance with company policies/procedures,Fair Housing,American with Disabilities Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, and all other laws pertaining to housing. 2. Assists in the preparation of the annual business plan and short-term and long-range plan in accordance with department policy and procedure consistent with the overall profit and growth objectives of the property. 3. Maintain accurate resident records. Update on a daily basis all rents, deposits, and all charges received from residents and prospects. 4. Update required reports concerning move-out notices, resident activity, etc. on a daily basis and provide information to Property Management. 5. Process all move-ins and move-outs in software. 6. Process all security deposit dispositions, actively pursue all outstanding former resident accounts,and send non-collectible accounts to collections. 7. Performs all duties associated with accounting, rent collections and coordination of the local legal process. 8. Performs all duties associated with month end closing and software procedures. 9. Organize and file all reports, leases and paperwork. 10. Maintain records on all aspects of management activity on a daily, weekly and monthly basis. Submit required reports to corporate office on a weekly and monthly basis. 11. Assists in the preparation and completion of purchase orders and invoices. 12. Performs all duties and responsibilities incumbent upon Marketing Representative. Must be knowledgeable of all phases of leasing and resident retention. 13. Assists in the development and implementation of the creative marketing program to maximize benefits of newspaper advertising, realtor and corporate contacts, and resident referrals. 14. Able to sign all leases and obtains prior approval where necessary in accordance with company policy and procedure. 15. Establishes and maintains resident relations programs. 16. Work with lease renewals each month. 17. Ensure the lease files are complete and that lease paperwork is being executed properly. 18. Supervises personnel either directly or indirectly. 19. Performs human resource administration, when necessary or assigned, for all employees assigned to property in accordance with company policy and procedure, and insures a competent and well trained operational staff at all levels. 20. Assist Property Manager with training of Marketing Representatives. 21. Report all liability and community incidents to the corporate office immediately. Ensure that all workers' compensation claims are reported and proper paperwork is completed. 22. Ensure that buildings and grounds, public areas, roads and parking areas, recreational facilities and laundry rooms are well maintained in accordance with policy and procedure and takes corrective action to eliminate unsatisfactory conditions. 23. Physically inspect community when on grounds, pick-up liter and report any service needs to maintenance staff. Will also inspect move-ins, move-outs, or vacancies when requested. 24. Maintains liaison with community officials to insure mutual goodwill. Follows and tracks relevant local governmental issues affecting property operation such as public hearings and reports it to senior management and corporate office. 25. Conform to company-approved dress code. 26. Performs additional assignments as directed.  Authority: Line position with profit and loss responsibility. Has authority to administer collection and on-site accounting functions as well as rental and marketing programs as directed by company policy and procedures and to make recommendations to Property Manager to increase profitability. Has authority to direct Marketing Representative and Marketing Director in accordance with the company policy and procedures.  Comments: Training on policy and procedures about the company are learned through on-the-job training where less supervision will be required as individual becomes more knowledgeable and proficient in the job. Position requires human relations involvement not only with employees, but also with residents and prospects. Position may require weekend and holiday work. Computer skills required.






supervising-job associate-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed