A Store Manager is responsible for developing and leading a professional retail sales team to ensure achievement of store revenue targets, operational goals and 100% customer satisfaction. They will supervise the daily operations of a store including hiring, discipline, coaching and scheduling of employees to ensure quality store operations. They will be responsible for all functions of the retail store which include sales transactions, customer service, inventory, reporting requirements and technical troubleshooting. They will maintain internal visual merchandising, in-store displays, and ensure store appearance meets company standards at all times. This position will report to the Area Manager or District Manager, and on an as need basis to the Regional Manager and other Corporate Management.   Education / Experience: Any combination of experience and education that would likely provide the required knowledge and abilities is qualifying.  •High School Diploma or equivalent.  •1+ years of management experience in a retail environment.  Technical (hard) skills:Basic knowledge of computers.  Critical (soft) skills:  •Ability to read and interpret written or verbal documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. •Ability to write and review routine contracts and correspondence.  •Ability to speak professionally and effectively with customers and associates.  •Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, verbal or diagram form.  •Ability to deal customer complaints.   Hours of Work and Supervision: •Full-time (45 hours / week) (40 hours during store business hours). •Sunday – Saturday, with rotating days and hours.  •Minimum of two evenings per week and three Saturday shifts per month.  Compensation, Benefits and Travel:  •Pay – Salaried Position (based on qualifications).  •Eligible to participate in the company’s benefit package first of the month following 30 days of employment.   Apply on line at: www.example.com






supervising-job 1-year-experience-needed full-time-job salary