Company:  Bethel Environmental Solutions LLC Worksite Location:  Anchorage, Alaska FLSA Status:  Exempt Schedule:  Full-Time Regular Senior Chemist/Project Manager  Summary: The Senior Chemist provides support on environmental investigation, remediation and A-E projects including all phases of laboratory coordination and management, review and approval of laboratory invoices, data quality review (ADEC) and QA/QC of analytical results. Responsibilities will include interpretation, analysis and documentation of analytical results, development of conceptual site models, development of Hydrocarbon Risk Modeling, and recommendations for remedial action needing regulatory site closure. Other duties include project management, field work, business development, proposal writing, and providing educational brown bags to other technical staff. The position requires working effectively in both the office with executive management, project management, and technical staff and the ability to work in the field, often in remote Alaska locations with basic amenities.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills are required.  Attention to detail, timeliness and an adherence to safety and regulatory standards is required.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities:  • Establishes and maintains professional relationships with internal and external clients and stakeholders.  • Organize, develop, and maintain library of generic and client-specific templates for analytical technical reports, plans, and boilerplate language applicable to projects and in accordance with regulatory requirements. • Experience with the development/review of Field Sampling Plans, Site Safety and Health Plans, and Quality Assurance Project Plans. • Organize, develop, communicate, and ensure quality conformance of analytical chemistry results for report production. • Lead project analytical results data quality review, reporting and analysis activities in concert with project managers and technical staff to ensure that they are completed on time and meet quality and reliability goals. • Ensures products and deliverables meet client (internal and external) needs.  • Management of small-to-medium size projects with moderate complexity to include serving as client point of contact and to be responsible for project scope, schedule, budget, quality and financial performance.  • Field work to include, but not limited to: environmental studies, characterization, sampling and remediation activities, often in remote locations with little support and may require the use of small fixed-wing and rotary-wing aircraft, boat, or highway vehicle. Field accommodations may range from hotel to tent depending on project location and local amenities. • Field work activities range from a day to no more than three weeks.  • Field work and travel is expected to be about 20-30%. • Participates as an integral member of the environmental team.  • Other duties as assigned.   Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  Education and/or Experience:  • BS degree (MS degree preferred) in one of the following disciplines: chemistry, biochemistry, toxicology, public health, environmental science or similar. • Knowledge and experience with ADEC Data Quality Objectives, Alaska Administrative Code, Code of Federal Regulations, environmental baseline studies, contaminated sites, and/or FUDSs projects in Alaska.  • Experience with DoD QSM and USEPA UFP-QAPP is highly preferred. • Must have strong data entry skills, and have experience establishing guides and utilizing document templates in standard Microsoft Office and Adobe applications. • Experience with government contracting, engineering, environmental science, geology, biology, ecology, wetlands science, construction, or similar is preferred. • Minimum 5 years or more experience as a chemist in environmental consulting industry in Alaska.   Software Experience: Excellent skills in Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Access, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint) required. Other software skills (ArcGIS, AutoCADD, Adobe Acrobat, SharePoint) preferred.  Language Skills: Strong communication skills: both verbal and excellent written skills.   Behavioral Skills: Must be a team player with the ability to work well and interface with others.   Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Individuals may need to sit or stand as needed.  Will require walking; primarily on a level surface, for periodic times throughout the workday.  Reaching above shoulder heights, below the waist or lifting as required to file documents, or store materials throughout the workday. Use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, controls; and talk or hear. May be required to lift and/or move up to 20 pounds (50 pounds in the field).  Proper lifting techniques required.   Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. For the most part ambient room temperatures, lighting and equipment as found in a typical office environment.    Field activities may be in remote locations with basic support, potential temperature and terrain extremes, potentially dangerous wildlife and primitive accommodations.  






5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job supervising-job bs-degree-needed