Registered Dietitian / Clinical Nutritionist Healthcare Services Group, Inc. is currently aggressively seeking REGISTERED DIETITIANS and/or CLINICAL NUTRITIONISTS for the New Mexico area. Traveling is part of the requirement for this position and must be considered when applying. Travel costs are considered in the compensation package.  SUMMARY Under general supervision, performs work of moderate difficulty at a professional level in planning and directing the preparation of nutritional care programs for HEALTHCARE SERVICES GROUP, INC. The Registered Dietitian / Clinical Nutritionist consults with their District and/or Regional Dietitian along with the dining services staff concerning problems affecting residents’ food habits and needs. The Clinical Nutritionist has direct contact to instruct residents and others on nutritional principles, dietary plans, food selection and preparation. The Clinical Nutritionist has the authority to exercise supervision over the Dining Services Cooks and other staff. Work is performed in accordance with standard professional practices, physician prescription, directions and general policies.  RESPONSIBILITIES • Visits residents and evaluates food intake and acceptance. • Prepares nutritional assessments with tools and information available. • Completes an initial resident nutritional assessment summary. Systematically charts on Dietary Progress Notes, such information as counseling, diet instruction given, nutritional assessment and other comments. • Assesses need for supplementary feedings/tube feedings in the absence of the R.D. • Coordinates diet information with dining services department. Is familiar with system of diet records and writing diet tickets. Individualizes caloric diets and records calculations. • Attends resident staffing. (Quarterly & Initial) • Attends special staffing, discussing change of condition, discharge planning, etc. • Provides in-service education for dining services department. • Participates in training dining services employees concerning dining service and diet therapy. • Maintains statistical records. • Performs related example@example.com of the time in the dining services department example@example.com of time spent with Nutrition services. • Participates in special functions (Theme Dinner, Resident Picnics, Retirement Tea, etc.). • CLINICIAL NUTRITIONIST MUST HAVE KNOWLEDGE IN THE FOLLOWING AREAS: • Knowledge of the principals and practices of dietetics and nutrition • Knowledge of the relationship between sound nutrition and diet and the physiologic needs of the resident. • Knowledge of methods, materials and appliances used in large scale food production. • Knowledge of menu planning, diet therapy and food cost control. • Knowledge in planning modified and specialized diets and menus. • Ability to distinguish colors, or taste/smell food for evaluation. • Ability to estimate food quantities required. • Ability to advise dining services on preparation of specialized diets. • Ability to assess, develop, implement and evaluate nutritional care plans and provide for follow-up, including written reports. • Ability to read and comprehend simple instructions, short correspondence, and memos. • Ability to write business correspondence. • Ability to effectively present information in one-on-one situations, to customers, clients, and other employees of the organization. • Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. • Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. • Ability to deal with problems involving several concrete variables in standardized situations. Requirements • Bachelor's Degree or • 1 year hands-on work experience in health care including hospital, nursing homes, assisted living facilities and/or long-term care, retirement homes • Healthcare Services Group, Inc. has several levels of management throughout our company, which allows different career paths. • Account Manager Trainees • Account Managers/ RDs • Training Managers • District Managers/District RDs • Regional Managers/Regional RDs • Regional Sales Managers BENEFITS: With performance-based promotional opportunities, you have the flexibility to chart your own professional course. COMPETITIVE SALARY Comprehensive benefit package includes health, dental, life, disability, 401k, stock purchase plan and awarding stock options.






bs-degree-needed hourly-wage supervising-job full-time-job