Company:  Bethel Environmental Solutions LLC Worksite Location:  Anchorage, Alaska FLSA Status: Non-Exempt Schedule:  Full-Time Regular or Part-Time Regular AutoCADD/ArcGIS Technician  Summary: Moderate sized environmental and engineering professional services firm is seeking experienced drafting/figure technician. Successful hire will be experience in Alaska and adept at providing professional level figure and documentation support in various applications to include the most recent editions of AutoCADD, LandDesktop, Civil 3D and/or ArcGIS.  Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  Education and/or Experience:  • Minimum 3 years or more experience in A-E related consulting industry in Alaska specifically with civil engineering or environmental services. • Completely proficient using AutoCADD, LandDesktop, Civil 3D and/or ArcGIS up to the latest version. • Experience working in a professional design or consulting company. • Familiar with Microsoft Office applications. • Good communication and organizational skills. • Must have strong drafting skills, and have experience establishing guides and utilizing document templates in standard drafting software applications. • Experience with government contracting, engineering, environmental science, geology, biology, ecology, wetlands science, construction, or similar is preferred. • Alaska residency and experience required.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities:  • Maintains professional relationships with internal and external clients and stakeholders. • Assist Project Managers in the production of report figures and construction documents. • Create, annotate and dimension drawings of site plans, location maps, analytical results figures and less commonly elevations, sections and details. • Learn and implement established drafting standards.  Manage project production schedule. • Ensures products and deliverables meet client (internal and external) needs.  • Participates as an integral member of the environmental team.  • Other duties as assigned.  AutoCAD Proficiencies: • Knowledge and proper use of model and paper space. • Viewport scaling and manipulation. • Inserting and scaling of raster images (e.g. aerial photos) • Block and text creation and editing techniques. • Plotting to a printer, plotter and Adobe Acrobat. • Use and manage CTB files. • Attention to detail. • Review and correct work prior to submitting.  • Aesthetic composition of drawings. • Use of line weights to create a clear, readable and attractive drawing. • Understanding of graphical scales and standard drawing sizes.   Software Experience: Excellent skills in ArcGIS, AutoCADD, LandDesktop, Civil 3D, or similar required. Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Access, Word, Excel, and PowerPoint) required.   Language Skills: Strong communication skills: both verbal and excellent written skills.   Behavioral Skills: Must be a team player with the ability to work well and interface with others.    Physical Demands: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Individuals may need to sit or stand as needed.  Will require walking; primarily on a level surface, for periodic times throughout the workday.  Reaching above shoulder heights, below the waist or lifting as required to file documents, or store materials throughout the workday. Use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects, tools, controls; and talk or hear. May be required to lift and/or move up to 20 pounds. Proper lifting techniques required.   Work Environment: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. For the most part ambient room temperatures, lighting and equipment as found in a typical office environment.  






2-4-years-experience-needed