Company: CareerAcademy.com (www.example.com) Position: Web HTML/CSS Graphic Designer  Location: Needham, MA  Job Type: Full Time, Salary with Benefits  Are you looking for a fun and exciting career? Are you looking to be challenged at your workplace? Are you looking to learn something new everyday? If so, then CareerAcademy.com has an opportunity for you…  CareerAcademy.com is currently seeking a full time Web HTML/CSS Graphic Designer to fill an opening in our Needham, MA office. This individual will work as part of the Web Design Team creating various graphical elements and helping to maintain multiple websites. Position will also include creation of marketing materials (banners, fliers etc.) Candidates for this position should have at least 1 year of experience working as a Web Graphic Designer and have a strong online portfolio demonstrating excellent creative skills.  The Web Designer will be responsible for the day-to-day maintenance and operation of all Corporate and its affiliate web sites and assures that all web pages comply with appropriate policies, guidelines, and the latest web standards. The Web Designer coordinates web functions, monitors web activities, incorporates new technologies into the web site(s), enhances existing web sites and creates new web sites from planning and conception to completion.   Requirements:   - Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience  - Minimum of 1 year of successful experience in Web/Graphic Design  - Proven web design, links to an online portfolio required  - Good understanding of web accessibility issues and web standards - Fluency in HTML, CSS and JavaScript coding  - Knowledge of the following is a plus: ASP, PHP, SQL, and XML  - Familiar with all major browsers   - Can Create/Work with Web Forms - Understanding of DNS and web hosting - Knowledge of Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Dreamweaver and Flash (Actionscript),  - Experience coding email-marketing campaigns - Familiarity with IIS 7 (basics) a plus - Familiarity with Web Site Hosting - An eye for good design and the ability to create, maintain and update the design  - Extensive written and interpersonal communication skills  - Fast Learner - Ability to work independently as well as in a team environment  - Ability to work collaboratively with technical, as well as non-technical personnel  - Superior attention to detail and organizational skills  - Ability to work with tight deadlines   For immediate consideration, please respond to this ad by sending a cover letter and resume with links to an online portfolio.   Kevin Stuart Director of Operations CareerAcademy.com 






salary bs-degree-needed full-time-job 1-year-experience-needed