*Looking For A REWARDing Career?*   We are growing and looking for talented people to help us revolutionize loyalty!  At TL we believe in inspiring local businesses to successfully engage their customers more efficiently.  We Love Loyalty and help merchants drive more revenue with our digital rewards program by increasing customer frequency, retention and engagement!   As a fast growth company we are no strangers to hard work and a can do attitude and are committed to daily excellence. We are huge fans of fun and fitness and use of the company ping pong and darts board are highly encouraged!   As TL continues our expansion we are looking for hard working, passionate and talented sales individuals with an entrepreneurial drive who want to be part of a dynamic, high paced and supportive team environment. The work is challenging but the rewards are high and the potential is unlimited.  You should have a desire to help business owners and get excited about every sales presentation you give and have the ability to ask great questions and be an active listener not just a great talker.   Do you go above and beyond to seek success and achievement?  *A Day In The Life At TL*  Hustle, hustle, hustle!! TL is growing fast which means our team needs to move quickly, work hard and stay flexible to help achieve our company growth goals. Day to day you will focus on the following:  - Nurturing your existing relationships  - Sourcing and developing new business partnership opportunities - Presenting TL Rewards to business owners via your TL iPad. - Communicate ongoing prospect & account activity utilizing Zoho CRM  *Just A Few Skills You Will Need To Be Successful*  - Excellent sales instincts with +1 years experience as a top performer - Proven ability to generate new business - Great organizational, time-management and interpersonal skills - Fantastic communication and presentation skills - Highly motivated and self-managed  - Tremendous sense of humor and ability to have fun - It would be awesome if you already had relationships with business owners in the restaurant, deli, coffee shop, c-store, smoothie/juice/yogurt and grocery sectors. - Know how to play ping pong or at least willing to have fun learning. A contender to challenge the reigning champ would be fantastic!  *What We Offer* - Competitive Salary: $60k+ first year potential - New Account Bonus - Unlimited Monthly Commissions - Mileage reimbursement - Significant growth and advancement opportunities - A fun and unique experience working for a dynamic high growth company






1-year-experience-needed salary