Coeur Mining, one of the world’s leading silver companies and a significant gold producer, is seeking a Manager, Industrial Hygiene to work out of its corporate office based in Chicago, IL.  The Manager, Industrial Hygiene will have key responsibility for leading and coordinating Coeur Mining’s program to identify and correct workplace potential hazards, and to ensure safety regulation compliance.  This role is responsible for the recommendation, development and implementation of all operating elements including, but not limited to, policies and procedures, safety audits, OSHA/MSHA/DOT and HIPAA regulations, reporting, and budgeting consistent with the goals of the organization.  To accomplish these goals, the Manager, Industrial Hygiene will:  •Lead the development and administration of health services programs related to illness and injury prevention.    •Negotiate and manage contracts; and maintain liaisons with outside organizations such as fire departments, mutual aid societies, and rescue teams, so that emergency responses can be facilitated. Ensures that site emergency response teams have required medical competencies and training. •Ensure regulatory compliance and interpret applicable safety regulations.  Maintain and apply knowledge of current policies, regulations, and industrial processes and collaborate in the management of OSHA/MSHA/DOT, and HIPAA compliance.  •Conduct audits and inspections at all Coeur Mining sites focusing on facilities, machinery, and safety equipment to identify and correct potential hazards, and to ensure safety regulation compliance. •Report or review findings from accident investigations, facilities inspections, or environmental testing.  Qualified candidates will hold a Bachelor’s degree in Occupational Health, Business, or a related Technical field; or demonstrate equivalent background and work experience. Applicants should have at least five to seven years progressively responsible experience in the field of Industrial Hygiene and Safety, direct experience in the mining industry strongly preferred. Additional desired qualifications include in knowledge of MHSA/OSHA requirements, Certified Industrial Hygienist (CIH).       Coeur offers a competitive compensation and complete benefits package. For immediate consideration; forward your resume and cover letter.  For more information about Coeur Mining visit our website at www.example.com   EOE






5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed