Note: This position requires relocation to Nacogdoches, Texas.  Summary A small but rapidly growing home healthcare software company is looking for an experienced executive to oversee all facets of its operation. For approximately six months, under the supervision of the current CEO, the new executive will learn the core components of the software system and how the company operates. During that training period, the new executive will transition into overseeing customer support, financial management, quality assurance, sales, and training operations. It is expected that within six months, the new executive will assume all responsibilities of the Executive Director role, including strategic planning, large client acquisition, and industry outreach.  Company Profile and Culture It is a healthcare company. If you are a qualified candidate, you know exactly what that means (regulations, complications, urgency, and chaos!). The right candidate will love this environment because there is always the opportunity to grow, help providers, help patients, and make the world a better place in spite of all the red-tape. The company priorities are 1. integrity, 2, quality, 3. customer service, and 4. innovation (in that order).  You Might Be Perfect, If: 1. You have extensive home healthcare experience (absolutely required) 2. You understand compliance to government and payer regulations and policies 3. You know technology 4. You know how to ensure quality 5. You know how to foster innovation 6. You can work under pressure, but know how to structure processes so that the pressure is handled with professionalism, optimism, and quality 7. You can mentor young staff members 8. You want to change the world for good  Key Responsibilities  1. Planning • Creates annual operating plans that support strategic direction set by the board and correlates with annual operating budgets; submits annual plans to the board for approval • Collaborates with the board to define and articulate the organization’s vision and to develop strategies for achieving that vision • Develops and monitors strategies for ensuring the long-term financial viability of the organization • Develops future leadership within the organization  2.  Management • Promotes a culture that reflects the organization’s values, encourages good performance, and rewards productivity • Hires and manages the human resources of the organization according to authorized personnel policies and procedures that fully conform to current laws and regulations • Oversees the operations of organization and manages its compliance with legal and regulatory requirements • Creates and maintains procedures for implementing plans approved by the board of directors • Ensures that staff and board have sufficient and up-to-date information. • Evaluates the organization’s and the staff’s performance on a regular basis  3. Financial management • Oversees staff in developing annual budgets that support operating plans and submits budgets for board approval  • Prudently manages the organization's resources within budget guidelines according to current laws and regulations • Ensures that staff practices all appropriate accounting procedures in compliance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) • Provides prompt, thorough, and accurate information to keep the board appropriately informed of the organization’s financial position  4. HR management • Oversees recruitment and contracting of company and project staff • Conducts employee development and training • Develops policies and documentation • Enhances employee relations • Oversees performance management and improvement systems • Oversees  compliance to regulatory concerns and reporting • Oversees company-wide committee facilitation including planning, production, staff • Attends Board of Directors meetings, fully prepared to inform board members of the state of the company  5. Marketing and PR • Manages advertising opportunities • Organizes the availability of company members for media/PR events as necessary • Oversees content, production and distribution of all marketing and publicity materials (posters, program, flyers, mail outs, brochures etc) with director, designer and project manager • Manages press development • Co-ordinates the invitation of potential future promoters and supporters of the company  7. Community Relationships • Serves as the primary spokesperson and representative for the organization   • Assures that the organization and its mission, programs, and services are consistently presented in a strong, positive image to relevant stakeholders • Actively advocates for the organization, its beliefs, and its programmatic efforts  • Acts as a liaison between the organization and the community, building relationships with peer organizations when appropriate 8. Programmatic Effectiveness • Oversees design, delivery, and quality of programs and services • Stays abreast of current trends related to the organization’s products and services and anticipates future trends likely to have an impact on its work • Collects and analyzes evaluation information that measures the success of the organization’s program efforts; refines or changes programs in response to that information






supervising-job