Physician Assistant in Primary Care & Preventive Medicine Waterford Family Physicians, P.C.  We are seeking an experienced Physician Assistant provider or a strong new graduate to work with our team of four, well-respected internists and family practice physicians. This is a full time position with schedule flexibility available. No on-call or weekends other than occasional scheduled Saturday mornings.  Waterford Family Physicians is a well-established, innovative physician group in Waterford, Michigan, we are active in the Michigan Primary Care Transformation Project and are a Patient-Centered Medical Home.   Waterford Family Physicians offers a thorough approach to provide the best care for patients. The PA will work independently and in collaboration with our physicians to integrate patient’s care and help them live a healthier life.   Primary responsibilities of the PA will include patient office visits; accurate assessment, diagnosis, and treatment of common family illnesses for patients over 18 months. Help patients manage their well-being with treatment and patient education. Ensure patient information, visit history, refer outs, lab follow-up, phone calls, and consults are carefully completed and documented. Duties include prescription refills, chart reviews for quality improvement and patient paperwork.   Our office is upbeat and friendly with many long-term employees. We provide on-going training and a career path in a positive environment. Learn more about us at: WaterfordFP.com.    We offer an excellent work environment, competitive salary between $38.00 - $45.00/hour depending on experience. Benefits include SAR-SEP, paid vacation, health, dental & life insurance and more.   Qualifications Required: Licensed in accordance with State of Michigan laws of practice for Physician Assistant. Strong communication skills.  Please send a cover letter and resume to: example@example.com  Keywords: Physician Assistant, Physicians Assistant, Physician's Assistant, PA, Physicians Asst






full-time-job hourly-wage