_Overview_  We are looking for a versatile, quick learning and up-and-coming developer to join our newly formed Cryptocurrency Services team.  We are a small digital service and product design company that is in the process of expanding into the cryptocurrency space.  We strongly believe in the future of cryptocurrency (Bitcoin, as well as the larger digital/cryptocurrency space) and are looking for someone to work with us to create services to help traders, miners and investors.  _Role_  As a service developer you will be working with agency partners, user experience and design teams as well as senior engineers to develop web services in a variety of areas in the cryptocurrency sector.  The structure of the team is unique in that the majority of the team will be splitting their time between this endeavor and the consulting arm of the company (though this role is solely in the cryptocurrency space).  Additionally, there are two engineers leading development remotely. Both have extensive industry experience and work at the staff/principal level at major technology companies (you know and use these services).  They will be working remote with you and the rest of the team here in NYC to design and implement the system.  This role will be part research, part systems engineer and part pure development.  You will work to help refine service ideas and then to see them through development, deployment and maintenance.  _Key Technologies / Skills _  You don’t need them all but more is better, and as this is a quickly emerging space, being a fast and effective learner is key above all.    • Python   • Amazon Web Services / EC2   • Google App Engine   • Distributed Cloud Systems   • CSS / HTML / Javascript   • Systems Administration / Systems Reliability   • Git   • Cryptocurrencies, cryptocurrency services (Bitcoin, pools, exchanges, mining software, etc.)   • Financial services / finance software   _Compensation_  This is a new endeavor for us, and in almost all accounts a startup.  However, we have the advantage of being able to leverage a highly capable design team, and have the space and equipment necessary to get up and running.  That being said we are not a large enough company to skip bootstrapping this endeavor to profitability. This position will pay a monthly stipend of $2k/month while the initial projects get off the ground.  Our goal here is not to get something for nothing, but to use all the resources we can spare to build this as soon as possible.  We are looking for someone excited enough about cryptocurrencies to believe in building something with us.  We believe that we should be generating revenue in the first 4-6 months and as soon as that happens we can scale this role up to full time with a market and experience appropriate salary.  For the right candidate, stock in the venture is also very much a possibility as the role grows.  _Culture_  We have always had the startup mentality and have a small, closely knit team.  We work incredibly hard, and our business is delivering results in high pressure situations for clients of every size.  That being said, we highly value an independent and laid back work culture.  We hate micromanagement and believe that every member of the team should be responsible for their own time.  _The short of it_  We have an amazing and growing team, great office environment, excellent (and extensive) bourbon collection, an incredible amount of passion for the space and a set of opportunities the likes of which have never been seen before.  This is a chance build the something truly amazing alongside fantastic people.  If this sounds exciting then let’s talk about building the future together.  Please send us a resume/cover letter/work samples and/or any information you think would help us get to know you and understand your experience, skill set and personality.  We look forward to hearing from you.






salary