XIFIN, Inc ® offers a cloud-based application that provides accounts receivable and financial management solution for medical laboratories. Our Software as a Service (SaaS) model allows us to use best-of-breed technologies to benefit our customers.  Come join us in data integration development as senior developer. You will work closely with other engineers, database and system administrators, product management, and support services to specify, design, develop and test software to satisfy XIFIN data management and data integration needs.  Your Role Will Include:  - Eliciting technical requirements and change requests from product managers and other members of the team. - Designing, developing, reviewing and testing ETL code and other team members’ data integration and management scripts. - Working with and mentoring other members of the Engineering Department to improve quality, testability, and maintainability of code, and identifying opportunities for process improvement and implementing them. - Ensuring that quality is a priority and built into all stages of the development lifecycle.  Desired Skills and Experience:  - 3+ years of high level experience as a software integration engineer, proficient in SQL and ETL scripting and automated workflow. - Experience dealing with large data volume with scalable solutions. - Deep understanding of Oracle features such as partitioning, indexing, and other data warehouse features. - Excellent knowledge in commercial ETL tool, SAP Business Objects Data Integrator and Services. - Ability to work in all phases of the software development life-cycle. - Strong team orientation. - BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience.  Pluses Include:  - Perl, real-time data integration and data warehousing experience. - Financial industry/accounting and/or laboratory or other medical industry background. - Experience in fast-growing software development environments.  XIFIN is a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) provider of Revenue Cycle Management (RCM) solutions that enable diagnostic service providers to improve financial performance through a compelling return on investment and rapid time-to-value.   XIFIN is an Equal Opportunity Employer and maintains a drug free workplace, including pre-employment drug testing.






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed