Salary: 10.00/hour  General Job Duties/Responsibilities: The Channel Sales Coordinator is a key member of the Channel Sales and Account Management team. This is a hybrid role whose primary responsibilities include account management and basic reporting and operations functions for the various partner channels. This person is the primary support for Channels Sales Managers. 60% of this person’s time will be spent managing and growing current install base through sales and support functions. The remaining 40% will be spent assisting in the order entry process and flow.  Education/Experience Requirements: • Assisting channels sales teams in all management related functions for new and established accounts in ACC, DMR, Retail and OEM sales channels for Act! and e-marketing. • Sales order qualification, quoting and follow up. • Maintain proper records for all accounts in in Saleslogix CRM system and NetSuite ERP system. • Intercompany liaison for pricing, promotions, marketing, product supply and development set up, reporting and operations. • Responsible for complete order process flow and follow up • Basic Sales reporting • Assist partners via telephone and email to communicate the value proposition of Swiftpage products and services • Developing product knowledge essential to building customer relationships • Assist Program manager in new account on-boarding • Define and document departmental policies and procedures • Responsibilities can/will change as this position evolves  Education/Experience Requirements:  • Exceptional computer skills, specifically mastery of Excel and other Microsoft products • Strong collaborative personality with high attention to detail • Excellent listener with outstanding time management, verbal communication and presentation skills. • Self-motivated team player • Excellent problem-solving skills and a high level of integrity are essential • Positive and creative ‘can do’ attitude • Must be able to work well with all levels within the organization • Minimum of 4 years account management and customer service experience • Knowledge of NetSuite software is a plus






2-4-years-experience-needed hourly-wage