Position: Occupational Health, Licensed Vocational Nurse   AllOne Health Resources is currently seeking to fill a full time Occupational Health, Licensed Vocational Nurse (LVN) position for a major manufacturer in the Grand Prairie, Texas area.   This is a 2nd shift position.  General Description: The primary responsibility of the Occupational Health Nurse is to utilize nursing knowledge and judgment in providing direct occupational health services to client companies under the direction of a licensed medical doctor.     Essential Duties and Responsibilities Include:  • Deliver occupational health services, including medical surveillance to client employees under the direction of an on-site occupational health physician or AOH Medical Director. • Respond to medical emergencies and provide emergent care per nursing guidelines. • Provide clinical assessment and care for occupational and non-occupational injuries and illnesses. • Provide and support wellness programs per client agreement, immunizations, employee awareness activities • Communicate effectively verbally and in writing with client management and employees. • Document exams, treatments, laboratory results and other occupational testing for medical records.  • Perform OSHA medical surveillance testing • Maintain employee medical records in accordance with OSHA regulations. • Manage workers’ compensation cases as required by client. • Interface with occupational health physicians and other providers. • Comply with state and federal regulations governing the health and safety of workers. • Provide training to emergency response members as needed.  Qualified candidates for this will possess:  • Valid Texas state license. •  Occupational Health experience is preferred but other similar experiences/skill will be considered. • Excellent customer service skills, clinical and communication skills. • Ability to deliver first level care without physician presence. • Excellent computer skills to include Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook Interested candidates please send your resume with cover letter indicating salary requirements and Job Code LVN to the attention of Elaine Farias by fax:   XXX  EOE/AA/DFWP  No Agencies Please – Local Candidates Only.






