Worthington Industries (NYSE: WOR) is a global company that processes steel for use in the automotive, construction, hardware, aerospace and many other industries. Our family of 10,000 employees in 82 facilities throughout 11 countries has helped us earn the respect of our customers, our communities and our industry. With systems developed to conform to international standards for quality, environmental management and occupational health and safety, we consistently rank at the top of the Jacobson & Associates Survey, which ranks customer satisfaction among major steel suppliers  With sales of approximately $2.5 billion annually, our company is North America's premier value-added steel processor and a leader in manufactured pressure cylinders, such as propane, oxygen and helium tanks, hand torches, refrigerant and industrial cylinders, camping cylinders, compressed natural gas storage cylinders and scuba tanks; framing systems and stairs for mid-rise buildings; steel pallets and racks.    Worthington Industries operates under a long-standing corporate philosophy rooted in the Golden Rule, with earning money for its shareholders as the first corporate goal.  As a market leader in metals manufacturing for nearly 60 years, Worthington Industries operates on a philosophy grounded in the Golden Rule. We put people first, whether they’re our employees, shareholders, customers or suppliers. We’re looking for individuals who share our people-first philosophy and can help us continually innovate and grow through their insights, leadership and unique talents.      Worthington Steel is looking for a Quality Manager in Delta, OH.  This person is responsible for leading the overall direction of the Quality Assurance (QA) function. Assures that the product quality meets customer / external standards and internal procedures while continually improving product quality and reducing quality costs. The position requires interaction with customers, suppliers, purchasing, sales, manufacturing, and engineering in order to drive root cause analysis and implementation of corrective actions to prevent reoccurrence of defects. Leads and supervises QA support staff.    General Responsibilities:     - Lead Plant Quality Initiatives: Creates and maintains a quality roadmap for the plant to meet strategic goals. Establishes and monitors objectives and goals and sets priorities for the plant and quality department that align with company and plant goals to drive cost reduction / continual improvement     -Lead / Manage Quality Department: Hires, directs, manages, coaches, counsels, trains, disciplines and develops QA staff.     -Reduce Quality Costs and Lead Improvement Efforts: Leads the facility in reducing total PPM (Parts Per Million) by reducing customer, supplier, and internal (scrap/rework) failures. Initiates projects to reduce costs associated with materials, products, processes and any other areas of waste in the facility. Drives continual improvement of product quality, reliability, and manufacturability.     -Lead / Oversee Quality Management System: Implements, develops, audits, maintains and improves the facility Quality Management System. Monitors and approves process changes.     -Act as the Customer / Supplier Liaison:   Interfaces with customers in order to eliminate defects, improve products and services, and reduce cost in order to meet quality expectations. Acts as the voice of the customer when determining internal quality decisions.   Develops suppliers through PPM reduction and requiring effective corrective actions and QMS continuous improvement.    Skills:     -Ability to lead plant quality initiatives and manage the quality department.     -Ability to implement, maintain and improve the Quality System Management (ISO9000 / TS 16949 / QS) required.     -Ability to lead corrective action and continuous improvement efforts.     -Strong problem solving and analytical skills a must.     -Strong communication (verbal and written) skills required.     -Bachelor in Engineering or Business or equivalent work experience.    -ASQ CQM, CQE, and CQA certification preferred.    -Minimum of 5 to 7 years of manufacturing / quality experience with a minimum of two years in quality engineering preferred.    -Minimum of 3 to 5 years of management / supervisory experience preferred. Metal processing / forming and metallurgical experience a plus.






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed