The Concord Food Co-op is a full-service, natural foods grocery store and cafe in Concord, NH and currently has a staff of 70 employees.  The Marketing Specialist will be assisting our Marketing Manager with all aspects of marketing.   We are looking for someone who is extremely strong in marketing and has knowledge of graphic design.     Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in advertising, journalism, marketing, communications, graphic design or a related field required.  Ideal candidate must have prior experience at a design firm, advertising agency or an in-house marketing communications department.     Selected individual must be proactive, detail oriented, ability to manage own time effectively and meet multi project deadlines with changing priorities.  Can be given a goal, determine what needs to be done and make it happen.   Excellent design, type and concept development skills.  Proven talent and a strong design sense for the production of customer-facing, market ready messaging, for product and event signs, web content, etc.    Intelligent thinking, strong organizational skills, accuracy and written communication skills required.     Experience publishing newsletters, blogs, and social media content.  Knowledge of search engine optimization techniques and website management.  Video production and web design/management experience and  a plus.     Knowledge of design software and evidence of ongoing skill development.  You don't need to be a graphic designer only have a familiarity with InDesign, Photoshop and Dream Weaver.      Stop by the store for an application or download one from the internet www.example.com.  Drop off your application or mail it to the store at 24 S Main St,Concord, NH 03301, Attention: Beverly LaPage.  Candidates may apply on line or by resume but an Application for Employment is still required.  Samples of prior work is strongly desired.  We do criminal background checks.    Only qualified candidates will be contacted.    Concord Food Co-op 24 South Main Street Concord, NH  03301






bs-degree-needed