**PLEASE NOTE THIS IS A COMMISSION-ONLY (NO CAP) POSITION.  NO FIXED SALARY**  Axia Traders is looking for produce sales managers in a number of cities to act as our representatives for our Mexican produce clients. You will be selling a full line of fruits and vegetables. The position can be based out of the sale managers home office. The company is looking to grow with the right people and will provide exclusive sales territories.   Our produce sales managers work autonomously, managing their own time, their own sales pipeline, and their own client portfolios. If you are a self-motivated, fully bi-lingual NAFTA trade zone veteran intent on earning what you're really worth then you should consider a career at Axia Traders where you can capture the upside of an entrepreneur without the hassles of running an entire business, as we provide your back office support.   Axia Traders' state-of-the-art cloud-based information systems and telecommunications infrastructure enable our export managers to work effectively from anywhere in the Americas, wherever they choose, however they prefer, and on their own schedule.  *Desired Skills & Experience* * Self-motivated and able to work independently as well as part of a team * Bilingual English/Spanish (other languages a plus) * Solid computer skills and great follow up * PACA knowledge a plus * 3-7+ years working as a produce broker or in produce sales * Mexican produce knowledge * Strong contacts with buyers  *Company Description* _AXIA Traders (www.example.com) provides a full range of manufacturer representative, import-export, finance, outsourcing, and product sourcing services to its U.S., Mexican and international clients. We are a USDA PACA licensed produce broker for USA, and, we are a registered importer for Mexico: Mexican Servicio de Administración Tributaria (S.A.T.), Padrón de Importadores._  _AXIA Traders combines a world-class team of professionals with enterprise technology platform prowess and the balance sheet strength of its parent to create efficiencies and pricing power that previously could only be achieved by large, multi-national conglomerates. With fully functional transaction offices in Mexico City and Denver Colorado AXIA Traders is able to provide a truly localized and fully compliant business experience to its US and Canadian clients and its international trade partners._  _AXIA Traders is a US Export Merchant and Export Management Company providing export finance, trade negotiation advisory services, US manufacturer representation, sales and channel development, export logistics, and market analysis services to US and Mexican manufacturers._  _Axia Traders is part of the group of Axia companies, founded in 1996 and headquartered in Mexico City._  _Learn more: www.example.com






2-4-years-experience-needed