The main responsibility for this position is to create and maintain user accounts in an enterprise setting. The jobholder will be required to adhere to policies and procedures, including SOX auditing requirements. This position is also required to act as a backup in the Service Center when necessary. The Jobholder should have high level administrative and technology experience  ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Job duties include the following:   -Provisioning/deprovisioning tasks utilizing AD, Exchange and other application administration    -Creation and deletion of user profiles   -Managing group membership   -Creation, maintenance and deletion of mailboxes   -Creation, maintenance and deletion of distribution lists   -Setting permissions   -Managing name changes   -Response and resolution of tickets per the defined SLA’s   -Prioritizing, Categorization of requests   -Communication with defined management team   -Analyze and assess requests for account creation/termination   -Accurately track information within ticketing system   EDUCATION/QUALIFICATIONS, CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES, TRAINING and EXPERIENCE   -Associates’ degree in IT, Computer Science or relevant discipline required   -Equivalent experience/certifications will be considered in lieu of a degree.   -Advanced Excel skills are essential   -Preferred experience to include:-   -Active Directory account provisioning  -Exchange mailbox provisioning  -Customer Support  -Auditing  KEY COMPETENCIES  Attention to detail – thoroughness in accomplishing a task through concern for all the areas involved, no matter how small. Monitors and checks work or information and plans and organizes time and resources efficiently  Customer Service – makes customers and their needs a primary focus of one’s actions. Develops and sustains productive customer relationships. Quickly and effectively solves customer problems.  Decision Making – makes decisions while exhibiting good judgment and a realistic understanding of issues; ability to use reason, even when dealing with emotional topics.  Working Conditions  Required to sit for extended periods of time Ability to operate a computer keyboard, mouse and to handle other computer components May be asked to lift/transport moderately heavy objects, such as computers, devices and peripherals.  Disclaimer:  The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this job classification/job function. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this position.






