This job is designed to service all of our Commercial and Wholesale accounts located in a close proximity to the store you are domiciled from. The actual distance traveled is different at each store and is subject to change. As a Driver you will take the responsibility for filling your own orders, loading your truck, securing your load, making certain that you do not leave without the proper paperwork, and then drive to our account with the tires/product they ordered. As you arrive at the account you must first go inside to determine where they want you to unload, then move your truck to that area, then unload and assist the account with bringing the tires, and/or other products purchased from us, to a close proximity of where they need our product. Upon completion you must provide our account with all paperwork and receive a signature. You will be required to take scrap tires from the account but only do this at the direction of your supervisor. Sometimes you will take the scrap as you are there, sometimes you will come back later in the day and sometimes you will come back another day. Upon completion of all this you will then need to go on to your next stop or return back to your store. If at any time you have any issue or problem you are immediately required to contact your supervisor for direction. At no time should you perform any illegal driving acts. It is your license and you are responsible for maintaining it, not the company.  Job Qualifications:  • Must have the desire and ability to work in a tractor-trailer and trucking environment • Must have a Valid CDL-A Driver’s License  • Must have a current and up-to-date Medical Card as required by DOT   Essential Job Functions:  • Safe operation of all tractor-trailer and trucking related equipment • Read computer-generated pick-tickets and manifests • Perform daily repetitive tasks • Operate independently and as a team member • Operate safely and to ensure all others perform as listed below • Fulfill Company Philosophy and Goals    Non-Essential Job Functions:  • Daily Accounting  • Paperwork – pick-tickets, manifests and all related reports • Housekeeping, maintained daily. • Restrict and control the use of company property for personal use to include, vehicles, phones, computers, etc. • Restrict and control any and all horseplay   Safety Requirements:  • Perform all safety related items as per the Employee Safety Manual • Maintain all lifting procedures • Maintain all general housekeeping to ensure daily performance • Safely operate as per the DOT regulations • Be available to fulfill the DOT Random Drug and Alcohol testing when called upon   Weight Requirements:  • Lift a minimum of forty-five (45) pounds  • Perform repeated and repetitive movement consistent within the tire industry • Perform repeated and repetitive movement consistent within the tractor-trailer and trucking industry   Non-Essential Job Functions:  • Daily Accounting  • Paperwork – pick-tickets, manifests and all related reports • Housekeeping, maintained daily. • Restrict and control the use of company property for personal use to include, vehicles, phones, computers, etc. • Restrict and control any and all horseplay   Safety Requirements:  • Perform all safety related items as per the Employee Safety Manual • Maintain all lifting procedures • Maintain all general housekeeping to ensure daily performance • Safely operate as per the DOT regulations • Be available to fulfill the DOT Random Drug and Alcohol testing when called upon   Weight Requirements:  • Lift a minimum of forty-five (45) pounds  • Perform repeated and repetitive movement consistent within the tire industry • Perform repeated and repetitive movement consistent within the tractor-trailer and trucking industry • Climb in and out of your company supplied equipment   Other Duties/Responsibilities:  • Other duties can and will arise and you should be prepared to take on these challenges openly.






licence-needed