UNIVISION –DISTRIBUTION   TITLE:  Coordinator, Distribution - West Region DATE OPEN:  May 6, 2013 REQUESTED BY:  Thalina Bates, Director of Distribution- West Region   JOB DESCRIPTION:  Univision Communications Inc., the #1 Spanish-language media company in the U.S., is accepting resumes for the position of Coordinator, Distribution in the West Region. This position is based in Los Angeles, CA and will report directly to the Director of Distribution.   1. Support sales team and distributors in launch and post-launch operations of Univision Networks, i.e. marketing requests, equipment and logistics. 2. Track and maintain internal reports: budget, new deals, territory distribution, campaign recaps. 3. Customize presentation decks for sales meetings and trainings. 4. Develop and manage special project timelines and key deliverables. 5. Support sales team on renewal and maintenance of all accounts by providing negotiation support and account analyses. 6. Manages distributor promotions and trainings to increase awareness of the different Univision products/ platforms.  7. Collaborate with marketing team on the creation, update and management of all marketing and sales collateral. 8. Plan meetings and trade shows by coordinating requirements, establishing contacts, developing schedules and identifying sponsorship opportunities. 9. Participate in industry organizations and events. 10. Establish and maintain strong relationships with internal departments in order to maximize our resources, and create working and communication efficiencies.   11. Become the Univision Networks programming point person for the Distribution Sales team by acquiring extensive knowledge on Univision content and on -air talent.  MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:  • Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills. • Must be highly motivated and detailed oriented. • Ability to multitask and prioritize in fast paced environment. • Strong oral and written communication skills. • Excellent presentation skills. • Bilingual (English/ Spanish) preferred. • Adept with Outlook and Word.   • Highly proficient in PowerPoint and Excel. • Business, Marketing, Communications and/or Management degree preferred. • Some travel is required. • Valid driver’s license and satisfactory driving record.   Please submit resume and cover letter to the email below.  Univision Communication Inc. is an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to ensuring a diverse workforce by providing broad outreach to all qualified applicants regarding job vacancies at the station. Organizations that regularly distribute information about employment opportunities to job seekers or provide employment referrals that wish to receive notices of our job vacancies may do so by contacting Human Resources  XXX 






