State Farm is actively recruiting motivated individuals with sales and/or managment experiences to be agents in Greenwood, an Indianapolis suburb. State Farm offers an opportunity for individuals to achieve unlimited income while making a positive impact in the lives of others in the community.   Candidates who are selected for the career program will benefit from: • a 7-9 month paid training and internship program to prepare them for success. • a highly competitive annualized salary of $50,000 - $148,000 with benefits is provided during the internship training. • State Farm also pays for all licensing during training (Property & Casualty, Life/Health, Series 6 and Public Notary). • The internship provides candidates with in-class training, hands-on field development experience, and side-by-side mentorship to prepare them for the career.  Once training is complete, candidates receive a start-up bonus of $30K (18K paid first month agency opens and 12K paid first month year two) and will be assigned to an existing book of business, with built-in residual income, where a current agent is retiring.  The State Farm Agent along with his/her team are primarily responsible for: Attracting, developing and advising a portfolio of customers using the highly recognized State Farm brand, products and services in the fields of Insurance, Banking, and Financial Services.  This opportunity DOES NOT require prior experience in insurance or financial services. Like any entrepreneur or small business owner, the agent will invest in their agency by building a team, initiating marketing campaigns and branding themselves. The agent must be able to drive production, retain customers, grow their agency and establish relationships within the community.   Our successful Agents come from a variety of backgrounds, but all possess the following characteristics: * Entrepreneurial spirit and the desire to win and grow * Self-motivated and driven to achieve goals * Passionate about people and being a community leader * Financially Stable and Solid Credit Standing * Desire to make a great income and continued professional growth






salary