ICR Staffing is now accepting resumes for Industrial Maintenance Mechanics. This is an experienced position, requiring prior hands-on, working experience. Successful candidates will possess a positive, high-energy and professional attitude with a strong desire to work and achieve. The position is located in the southern California, Inland-Empire, is full-time and offers a starting salary of 43 - 53K per year, D.O.E. This position is temp-to-hire, though for highly qualified candidates there is potential for direct hire to include benefits.  Successful Maintenance Mechanics will possess…  … 3-5 years hands-on, MANUFACTURING  or PLASTICS industry experience.  … knowledge and experience with; hydraulics, pneumatics, pumps, valves, cylinders, scales, conveyors.  … electrical knowledge of; AC/DC motor controls and drives, control circuitry.   … ability to read schematics, maintain electrical systems up to 480V 3-phase, run conduit and pull wire.  … ability to perform PLC troubleshooting  … knowledge of welding (S/S, MIG, TIG), fabrication and use of machine shop equipment  … ability to work nights and/or compressed/ alternate workweeks, which may involve 10-12 hour shifts  … a high-energy, safety-conscious work ethic.  … a courteous, professional attitude.  … excellent communication skills; verbal and written, as well as, with internal & external customers; management, peers, customers and vendors.  … a prior work history that demonstrates dependable work performance and attendance.  … ability to receive direction and carry out assigned tasks with minimal supervisor intervention.  … critical thinking skills and a troubleshooting approach to equipment maintenance.  … ability to work well with other team members or on an individual basis, based on the assigned task.  … a ‘Team-oriented’ mind-set with a willingness to perform other tasks and to do ‘whatever it takes’ to get the job done.  … ability to safely lift 40-50 lbs, continually during the course of a shift and up to 75 lbs on an infrequent basis, as required   Additional Details:  Interested applicants will be asked to complete an application for employment. Upon completion we will determine level of experience.  If an applicant meets the necessary qualification(s) we may invite you to complete the remainder of the process.  Drug test and background will be completed on site. The full application and screening process, on average, can take up to two hours.  Please be sure to arrive prepared and dressed appropriately for an interview (We ask that candidates not arrive in any of the following; no sandals/flip-flops, no shorts or workout attire, no tank-tops/sleeve-less shirts or dresses and no hats or headgear).  To complete the process applicants must satisfy the Federal I-9, Employment Verification requirement. Applicants must provide an ID/ IDs which establish identity and eligibility to work in the United States.  If you do not meet these requirements you may be asked to return at a later date.






2-4-years-experience-needed salary full-time-job