The VP of Finance is responsible for the annual budget and long-range planning process, monthly forecasting and variance analysis of financial and operational results.  Interface with department heads of operational areas to analyze performance, including reporting, trending, measurement, and development of short/long term financial plans.  Provide assistance and analysis for internal projects including (ROI).  Direct supervision of staff and coordination with finance and operational personnel across the Company.      Responsibilities:  - Maintain and meet all SOX compliance requirements  - Meet all enterprise reporting timelines  - Coordinate and direct preparation of the yearly budgetary and financial forecasting activities  - Develop, analyze, and interpret accounting and statistical data to appraise operating results against budget  - Direct the financial activities of the organization and prepare financial statements for management guidance.    - Direct the inventory control and inventory management functions of the organization including physical inventory, monthly cost of goods processing, labor roll forward by production area and monthly G/L to physical inventory reconciliation.  - Ensure integrity and control of critical systematic and interactive processes from which financial data is generated.    - Maintain the company’s system of accounts to support all transactions and assets  - Create and audit internal metric reporting to support the financial and budgetary goals of the organization.  Update as needed to be more useful and efficient.  - Direct the overall financial plans and accounting practices of the organization  - Oversees the treasury, accounting, budget, tax, and audit activities of the organization  - Oversees financial and accounting system controls and standards and ensures timely financial and statistical reports for management and/or Board use.  - Participates in formulating and administering company policies and developing long range goals and objectives.  - Reviews analyses of activities, costs, operations, and forecast data to determine department or division progress toward stated goals and objectives.  - Provide financial reports and advice on financial matters to President  - Provide financial statements, analysis and supporting exhibits for internal and external users  - Oversee preparation of reports  for the annual year-end audit  - Approve and sign checks as needed  - Prepare monthly budgets, monthly cash flow analysis      Qualifications:  - Bachelors degree in Finance/Accounting  - 7-10 years accounting experience in a manufacturing environment  - Experience with BAAN ERP system preferred  - Experience in both wholesale and direct to consumer is required  - Must have strong values, excellent communication and listening skills, be self motivated, and be able to process map and direct a continuous improvement process  - Public/Private experience preferred  - CPA/MBA preferred  - Oracle/GL and MS Suite experience a must  - Must be a hands on individual with good analytical skills  - Inventory management experience    NO RELOCATIONS PLEASE






5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed