Reports To: General Manager Supervises: Leasing, Maintenance Technicians and CA’s   *Position Objective*  Position is responsible for assisting the General Manager with the management of all on site operations and achieving property financial and operational objectives. Duties include and not limited to: ensuring all traffic, prospect, leasing, renewal and revenue data is accurate, producing daily, weekly and monthly activity and operating reports and that resident files are correctly maintained. The Position also works with the GM and other managers to insure that all activities are conducted in compliance with all local, state and federal employment, housing, safety, landlord/tenant and real estate laws.   *Key Responsibilities* • Work with the GM and other members of the property team to maximize revenues and adhere to budgeted cost parameters. Coordinate office staff and collection agencies to insure all monies are collected as due and that all revenue data is posted correctly in the on site property management software.  • Process service requests from residents and work with property team to insure adherence to customer service standards. Work with on-site staff to insure that resident issues are dealt with in a timely manner and that proper follow through is done. Assist RD (if applicable) or GM with scheduling, organizing and hosting resident functions • Assist the GM to ensure financial information (including pro-forma information) and various analyses are materially correct and will provide ownership the highest yield in both short- and long-term prosperity. Analyze revenue and expense items. • Ensure operational standards and procedures are established, implemented and monitored. Compile data for special and periodic reports as requested. Work with legal counsel and local officials to perform evictions as required • Support the GM to insure adherence to company and state safety standards, policies and procedures. As required, inspects units, common areas and property to insure adherence to property standards. Works with property manager to insure that all safety inspections are completed as required and ensures adherence to company key control policies. • Works with GM to train and develop on-site employees according to company policy and procedures. Support policies, supervisor(s) and company even when facing adversities.  • Place resident needs and requests as a number-one priority and follows up with the resident to assure satisfaction. This applies to both internal and external needs. Maintain awareness of customer acceptance and patronage of facility. Other Responsibilities • Works with GM and team to schedule turn keys and ensures apartment units are available for schedule move ins • In the absence of the GM, follow-up with the insurance companies and the residents as required • As necessary, completes all required paperwork for all liability, workers’ compensation and property insurance claims  • Shows and leases apartments as necessary  *Qualifications and Requirements* • Experience in property management, preferably student housing • Knowledge or experience in computer PC’s and software • Ability to effectively supervise and motivate staff members • Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of staff and supervisor  • Preference and ability to work well with others • Self-motivated and self-directed • Preference for detailed and meticulous work • Ability to assert oneself and a high level of self confidence • Ability to work without direct supervision and under varying degrees of pressure • Internal focus on controls and reporting • Perseverance to accomplish and successfully implement long-term goals • Four-year degree from accredited university preferred






supervising-job