This is a contract-to-hire role in Lake Forest, IL. Hourly rate is attractive at $80-90/Hr. Contact Scott Bernas at  XXX   Sr. Project Manager Procure 2 Pay Planning Logistics (Contract and Contract to Hire)  Owns and Manages complex IT projects across multiple sites and geographies involving multiple third party providers, contractors and sourcing partners.  Is accountable for insuring project planning, resource planning, scope definition, risk mitigation, issue resolution, financial tracking, and project task activities are driven to completion and documented for a assigned projects in the .5 to 5 million range.    Position reports to the Enterprise Application Management Manager and is also accountable to follow processes set forward by the Enterprise Portfolio Management Office.  Candidate is capable of following PMO guidelines in respect to managing and controlling scope, timeline, and financial budgets of assigned projects. Candidate should be capable of coaching others have a strong committed approach to both project methodology and business process.   Candidate must have experience managing SAP project lifecycles leveraging the following SAP modules (MM WM APO) and have an excellent understanding of SAP from a business process, cross functional and integration view point within the Pharmaceutical industry or similarly regulated environment. Candidate should have background experience in Blueprint, Configuration, Unit, Stress, Volume, Regression, User Acceptance and Integration Testing, Training, Documentation and Production support. This position works within the program management office to report status, program risks and program metrics to executive management teams and varying levels of leadership. This role requires excellent organizational and communication skills and must have experience in global project management.   This role will be based out of Lake Forest, IL but may require some occasional travel during project activity.  Experience, Skills, Education Requirements •Excellent people and communication skills  •Previous experience leading global project projects.  •Pharmaceutical industry IT project experience.  •Excellent understanding of SAP from a business process, cross functional and integration view points  •Experience in Blueprint, Configuration, Unit, Stress, Volume, Regression, User Acceptance and Integration Testing, Training, Documentation and Production support.  •7+ years of experience managing SAP project lifecycles leveraging the following SAP modules (MM WM APO)  •Ability to work with all areas of IT including outsourced suppliers, vendor and contractors.  •Ability to effectively interact with employees, business users and consultants at multiple geographies, sites and globally.  •Experience of managing project teams over 20 people and a dollar spends of greater than $1 million is recommended.  •PMP certification is a plus.  •Flexibility to travel






full-time-job licence-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed hourly-wage supervising-job