We are seeking a Jr. Graphic Designer for our growing Interactive Marketing department. We are a small, but powerful, company that has seen remarkable growth within the healthcare market.   By listening to our customers needs we have become a leader in providing dynamic and functional web-based marketing services within our industry.  Our Jr. Graphic Designer will need to be a talented and self-motivated individual who is comfortable working in a fast-paced, creative, and fluid environment. Your projects will include full site design and re-designs, marketing print collateral, advanced PowerPoint presentations, online seminars, microsites (patient portals) as well as other marketing initiatives for our clients and the MDnetSolutions sales team.  In the job you will:  • Follow the design and production standards determined between you, the art director and the marketing director.  • Take a variety of projects (simultaneously) from concept to completion under tight deadlines  • Work independently with minimal supervision  • Ensure best practices in all aspects of design   Your skill set includes:  • Creative, out-of-the box thinking • Intermediate level knowledge of software including Photoshop, Illustrator and PowerPoint • Knowledge of layouts and fundamentals of consumer use. • Working knowledge of Premier Pro, After Effect as well as HTML and CSS is a plus • Experience with design and layout of print brochures, flyers, signage for tradeshows and presentations is also a plus  Requirements:  • BFA or Associates Degree in Design or a related field • 1+ years of web design and or print design experience  • Excellent portfolio demonstrating strong design and conceptual skills with meticulous attention to detail.  • Ability to take direction, works well in a team environment, but also thinks independently to solve challenges. • Must be experienced using Adobe Creative Suite, PowerPoint and other Microsoft Office products as well as Adobe Acrobat pro. • Comfortable working in both a MAC and PC environment • Excellent teamwork and collaborative skills.  • Specific coding ability not required, but must possess a clear understanding of how a web page, or email template are built and be willing to learn these skills • Basic understanding of Search Engine Optimization and web abilities/limitations also a plus  Portfolio samples must be submitted with resume to be considered. Additional portfolio demonstrating design breadth and strength will be required during interview process. Please provide salary expectations with application submission.  Local candidates only -relocation services not provided. We offer a competitive Salary, full benefits, paid vacation and holidays.






associate-needed salary 1-year-experience-needed