Student Services, Inc. Business Operations Manager Temporary, Two-Year Position  Student Services, Inc. at West Chester University of Pennsylvania seeks applicants for the position of Business Operations Manager.    Reporting to the Executive Director and working closely and collaboratively with the Senior Accountant this position is responsible for developing strategies and written procedures for the daily business operations and finances.   Operational plans to improve efficiencies, verify complex accounting transactions for accuracy, searching and providing meaningful financial analysis are the primary areas of responsibility.  Strong knowledge of transaction-based accounting and generally accepted accounting principles required.  Public agency accounting helpful.    Must possess experience with financial systems software (currently using Blackbaud Financial Edge) and spreadsheet management.   Demonstrated communications and interpersonal skills imperative.     A Degree in accounting, finance or appropriate business area preferred;  5 – 7 years a quality accounting experience or business management with supervision experience .    Equivalent of education and experience may be considered.     Competitive compensation package offered.   Applicants must successfully complete an interview process to be considered as a finalist.   Anticipated start for this two-year, temporary position is Mid-June, with expected employment through June 30, 2015 –contingent upon successful performance, applicable work-load and funding.    Applicants must submit a cover letter, a current, detailed resume, salary history/requirements, and the names, e-mail addresses and contact information for three professional references (personal references will not be accepted) to:  Student Services, Inc., Executive Director, 259 Sykes Union, West Chester University, West Chester, Pa.  19383.   E-mail of complete application acceptable or fax to  XXX    Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis until position is filled.  Please go to www.example.com for a full job description






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed