Looking for qualified individuals who would like to grow with the company.  Duties and Responsibilities  Responsible for the complete oversight of a single store, which includes, but is not limited to profitability, P&L management, human resources, and marketing. Responsible for efficiency of operations, optimum food and labor costs, minimizing waste. Ensures that Papa Murphy's standards for operations are met in the store. Inspects prep areas and kitchen utensils and equipment to ensure sanitary standards are met in accordance with Papa Murphy's and local health department standards. Prepares reports to track such items as food cost, waste, sales, inventory and hours worked by team members. Constructs the \"build to\" portion of the \"Prep Chart\" and \"Dough Production Chart\" and completes/supervises product prep. Responsible for the physical facility including minor repair and preventive maintenance on equipment. Monitors inventory of food and beverage products.  Monitors build-to levels and submits orders to vendors that are within store guidelines. Responsible for checking all vendor deliveries to make sure that the store received the designated amount of product and was charged accurately for it. Assists at the front of the house, cashier, and counter person stations, making pizzas and ensuring that pizza assembly times are maintained at 5 minutes and total in-store service times are maintained at 10 minutes. Assist the back of the house doing prep and pre-makes for preparation for sales. Communicates menu or price changes, shortages and specials and promotes suggestive selling among team members. Accurately projects sales and recognizes sales trends to insure accurate production levels of product. Responsible for maintenance of the CRM/Mindshare feedback, communication with guest, resolving guest concerns with the utmost professionalism, maintaining total guest satisfaction.  Responsible to track and reconcile all promotion coupons and gift certificates, and balancing them with the daily sales report. Responsible to communicate the daily status of the store, problems and opportunities to the Supervisor. Responsible for monitoring cash procedures in the store and ensuring accuracy of bank deposits, cash drawers, and justifies all cash variances, strictly adhering to the PMI Cash Handling and Deposit Agreement. Responsible for recruiting, interviewing and staffing their store with adequate levels of qualified team members, conducting orientations, training, performance evaluations and dealing with corrective disciplinary action of store team members. Utilization of PredictiveProfiles for selection of candidates for interviews.  Maintains fair and consistent treatment of team members. Prepares work schedules and evaluates work performance of team members. Responsible for using the proper training procedures for training team members. Completes and posts the weekly schedules for team members one week in advance. Responsible for store being in compliance with Federal, State and Local labor laws. Responsible to be at the store in full uniform and ready to begin work at scheduled time, and work 40-45 hours per week. Maintains a professional appearance at all times by wearing clean and wrinkle-free Papa Murphy's uniform and ensures that all team members maintain the same image. Requirements for this position:  Previous quick service restaurant (fast food) management experience Basic computer skills, including MS Word, Excel, Outlook, Internet, and POS Basic math skills, along with knowledge of store financials, P & L's, break-even analysis, food cost analysis, labor cost analysis At least High school diploma or general education degree (GED).   *Work Experience Preferred:*  Manager/Assistant Manager in restaurant industry for at least 1 year.






full-time-job supervising-job 1-year-experience-needed