About New Road Fitness  New Road Fitness is a medically integrated fitness company that uses state of the art smart fitness equipment and software to develop highly personalized and variable exercise programs for members.  For more information about New Road Fitness and how we differ from other fitness centers, please visit us at www.example.com  Job Description  New Road Fitness is seeking a full time Fitness Director. The Fitness Director will manage all fitness staff and be responsible for the design of all Personal Exercise Programs and fitness-related services, as well as the review and refinement of such Personal Exercise Programs as members progress.  The Fitness Dirtector will also play a role in cultivating working partnerships with local physical therapy centers, clinics, community organizations and physician’s offices, as well as other community outreach and marketing initiatives.    The Fitness Director will be expected to inspire, train and motivate staff to provide the highest quality of member service through individual attention and activities that promotes member retention.   Candidate must be friendly, enthusiastic and organized, results-driven and creative with excellent customer service and communication skills.  Individual should be a team player with the commitment to be flexible and accommodating to the hours we serve our members and the desire to contribute to the team effort.  All fitness staff will report directly to the Fitness Director, and the Fitness Director will report directly to our Director.  Desired Skills & Experience  Master’s degree in Exercise Physiology/Health Fitness or related health field.  6 years equivalent experience (e.g.  rehabilitation or physical therapy). Must have current basic or advanced Life Support Specialist Certification.  Current certification in the health and fitness field from a nationally recognized certifying agency (ACSM or NSCA). Current certification in CPR and First Aid required or must be obtained with in 90 days of hire. Must possess excellent communication, supervisory, and organizational skills. Must possess competent knowledge of exercise principles, special populations, health risks, and clinical program design. Must have strong working knowledge and skill with computers, including Microsoft Word, Excel and various e-mail programs.  Experience with TechnoGym Wellness Trainer is a strong plus.






ms-or-phd-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job