Candidate must be able to pass a standard credit check, and obtain a Minimum Background Investigation (MBI) clearance.  DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Shall provide legal services to include the following: i) Requires hands-on familiarity with the USAO’s data processing environments, including office automation networks, PC-based database and other applications, internet and server-based database and other applications, such as Concordance, CaseMap, IPRO, PowerPoint, Sanction, Summation, or similar software. ii) Requires the user to be skilled in the use of word processing, spreadsheets, imaging and telecommunications software and systems. iii) Provides technical advice to attorneys and staff on legal automation requirements and system capabilities to facilitate litigation decisions, trial preparation and trial presentation. Applies knowledge of federal procedural rules, court requirements and USAO practices to implement new and enhanced computer applications needed for criminal and civil cases. iv) Performs a wide range of information system analysis, development and installation in support of District litigation support activities for assigned cases. v) Performs case management/litigation support services in coordination with litigation support team members, including AUSAs, agents, paralegals and legal assistants, in discovery, trial preparation and during the actual trial. vi) Scans documents into databases in preparation for use in trial. vii) Requires strong organizational skills to maintain stored data so it is easy to find, search and manipulate. viii) Requires the ability to manage voluminous documents, records and trial exhibits during litigation, including the ability to scan, code and number. ix) Requires the ability to organize and prepare trial documents and exhibits into binders for use by others including attorneys, staff, judges and jurors. x) Requires the ability to retrieve stored information quickly and present it in a persuasive manner. xi) Requires the skill and ability to utilize ALS equipment to manipulate, edit and copy data, and to make CDs, DVDs or other similar portable storage devices so that information can be provided to third parties. xii) Able to operate and manipulate court presentation equipment during trial.  QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS  Requires paralegal certificate.  At least three years of litigation paralegal experience, including trial experience.  At least one year of experience in automated litigation support.  Must have supervisory experience, including proven capabilities and communication skills to successfully interact with clients and attorneys.  Requires sound working knowledge of federal and state court system, legal research procedures, and legal research resources.  Requires excellent written and oral communication skills and thorough knowledge of legal research tools such as LEXIS and Westlaw.  Must have hands-on familiarity with a variety of computer applications, including word processing, databases (such as document review and file management systems), spreadsheets, and imaging.  Familiarity with ESI tools and knowledge of e-discovery procedures and resources preferred.  Ability to consistently deliver highest quality work under extreme pressure will be very important.  Ability to meet established deadlines and work as a team player in a professional office. Skill in meeting and dealing with people in a courteous and tactful manner.  ￼






licence-needed 1-year-experience-needed