To be considered for this position, please apply at www.example.com  EEO/AA  *SUMMARY:* Under the direction of the Mortgage Chief Financial Officer, the Mortgage Investor Accounting Supervisor is responsible for the direct supervision of the investor accounting personnel of both Arvest Mortgage Company and Central Mortgage Company. The incumbent will provide oversight of the reporting, remitting, and reconciling functions of the department. The supervisor is to provide support for all audits, exams and other similar reviews and ensure that data requested is provided in a timely manner and is materially accurate. The incumbent is to provide support for servicing transfers, as needed. The Investor Accounting Supervisor shall is expected to function with limited supervision and possess the ability to utilize sound judgment in making decisions regarding daily operations. *ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES* include the following. Other duties may be assigned. 1. Provide for effective supervision of investor accounting staff, including prompt feedback regarding performance, adequate training on relevant aspects of the various tasks and functions and maintain adequate staffing levels and distribution of workload between associates. Ensure that departmental performance and productivity standards are met in all material respects. 2. Ensure that all investor accounting reporting and remittance obligations are made timely and accurately to various investors, agencies, and master servicers including but not limited to Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, Ginnie Mae, and Wells Fargo. 3. Provide direct oversight and review of, and assist staff as needed with reconciliation and balancing of all investor accounting custodial bank accounts and clearing accounts. Provide assurance that reconciliations are completed in accordance with Arvest policy and various investor guidelines. 4. Provide assistance during audits and reviews, including providing documentation and representing the department in various interviews and exams. Ensure that data requests are handled in a timely manner and data provided are materially accurate. 5. Coordinate service transfers by assisting in preparing investor transfer requests,submitting loan-level transfer files, and providing assistance to the Loan Servicing Manager, MSD or buyer to ensure a successful transfer. 6. Prepare or provide oversight of the preparation of Principal and Interest settlements related to servicing acquisitions or sales. 7. Prepare or provide oversight of the preparation of subservicing interim billing information to various servicers. 8. Prepare the investor accounting cost center budget on an annual basis. Monitor budget versus actual performance on a monthly basis and be able to respond to questions regarding budget variances. 9. Provide miscellaneous assistance to the Mortgage CFO, as requested, and as it relates to various investor accounting tasks and functions. *TEAM ACCOUNTABILITIES:* · Support and uphold the Arvest Mission Statement. · Maintain a high level of cooperation and rapport with all associates in order to ensure accurate and efficient operations and service. · Formulate and communicate new ideas and suggestions that will improve profitability and efficiency for the company’s overall operation. · Foster and promote the proper company image at all times. *SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES:* Directly supervises 10 or more investor accounting associates. Carries out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization's policies and applicable laws. Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, appraising performance, rewarding, and disciplining associates. The incumbent has the authority and the appropriate influence to make recommendations regarding hiring, firing, advancement, promotion, or any other change of status of other associates within the guidelines of the bank’s procedures and guidelines for such change of status events. The incumbent provides training, planning, assigning, and directing work assignments and schedules; addressing complaints and resolving problems.  *QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS:* To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. *EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:* · Bachelors degree in accounting or finance, or equivalent experience in mortgage or related industry required. · One (1) to two (2) years mortgage, finance or accounting experience required. · Management/Supervisory experience is preferred. *OTHER SKILLS AND ABILITIES:* · Must be able to arrive at work on time, work on site and have regular work attendance · Must be able to work cooperatively with other co-workers regardless of personality, presence or communication style · Must be able to provide cordial customer service regardless of customer personality, presence or communication style · Must be able to perform several tasks at once · Must be able to work in a stressful atmosphere · Must be able to rotate job tasks · Must be able to greet others cordially · Must be able to coordinate multiple and changing priorities · Must be able to verbally communicate with all other associates · Must be able to operate telephone, scanner, copier and FAX machines · Must be able to occasionally work outside of normal business hours. · Must be able to move from department, division, or bank to department, division, or bank to attend meetings · Must be able to operate personal computer keyboard in order to create reports,schedules and other appropriate documentation *PHYSICAL DEMANDS:* The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the associate is regularly required to stand, walk, sit, and to talk and hear. The associate must occasionally reach with hands and arms; stoop, kneel, or crouch. The associate may occasionally be required to lift or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close, distance and color vision and the ability to adjust focus. *WORK ENVIRONMENT:* The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an assocaite encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The noise level in the work environment is usually minimal.






bs-degree-needed 1-year-experience-needed supervising-job