*Financial Adviser*   Success.  For you and your clients.  Earn the ability to create your own financial success through helping clients enjoy their own.  You don’t need prior finance experience to join us, but you do need energy, great people skills, a strong work ethic and entrepreneurial spirit. We’ll provide training, resources and support you’ll need to do better than your best.  McAdam Financial Group is an Independent firm that offers securities through ING Financial Partners. We are expanding our adviser force and looking for motivated candidates that are passionate about being a Financial Adviser and building a career in that field.   Currently we have opportunities in: * New York City Metro markets * Philadelphia Metro  * D.C. Metro markets  * Boston Metro  * Chicago Metro area.   ING Financial Partners, Inc. provides customers and Financial Advisers with a vital link to the latest financial products and services in the marketplace. A relationship with ING Financial Partners gives the Financial Adviser access to the essential information and resources that help bring clients closer to their financial goals.   ING Financial Partners is part of the ING family and is a network of Independent financial professionals. ING U.S. is a subsidiary of Dutch-based ING Groep NV. In the U.S., the ING (NYSE: ING) family of companies offers a comprehensive array of financial services to retail and institutional clients, which includes life insurance, retirement plans, mutual funds, managed accounts, alternative investments, institutional investment management, annuities, employee benefits and financial planning. ING holds top-tier rankings in key U.S. markets and serves approximately 20 million customers across the nation.  *What a financial adviser does*  * Identifies and sets appointments with potential clients.  * Meets with clients to assess their financial needs.  * Develops a customized financial plan to address each client’s outlined goals.  * Maintains strong relationships with clients, helping them to track their progress over time.  * Provides ongoing consultation and support.   *Some of the features of this position include*    * One on one training from seasoned Leaders in the financial planning industry locally.  * A comprehensive, training program that includes financial planning, marketing techniques, consultative selling, client service and regulatory compliance.  * Local and national marketing support, including brand advertising, that will help to expand and grow client relationships.  * Finance plan with uncapped earning potential.   * Extensive product offering covering virtually every category – including mutual funds, stocks, CDs, IRAs, insurance, annuities, etc.  * The opportunity to build and grow relationships with clients that can last over years or even decades.  * Numerous career path options, including the financial advisor, compliance, field management and corporate opportunities.  * Average income for novice Financial Advisers in the training program typically range from 70,000 to 100,000.  Income for experienced Financial Advisers, or candidates with sales experience, is significantly larger.    There is no cap on the income of a Financial Advisor.   *Requirements:*  * Bachelor’s degree * U.S. Citizenship or Permanent residency  *Securities and Advisory Services offered through ING Financial Partners, member SIPC McAdam Financial Group is not a subsidiary of, nor controlled by, ING Financial Partners, Inc.*






bs-degree-needed