General Summary:  The Licensed Practical Nurse at Borland-Groover Clinic works with the physicians and/or non-physician providers in the clinical area to maximize efficient patient flow.   Essential Job Functions:  • Escort patients back to exam rooms, prepares patient for physician • Assist physician/PA/NP with exams • Take vital signs and obtain a short explanation of the reason for the patient visit. • Take patient phone calls throughout the day, confer with the physician when appropriate; and document appropriately • Make sure exam rooms are stocked and clean • Check charts for patients seen that day in the office, making sure all paperwork is present. • Schedule all procedures and tests ordered by physician during patients office visit. • Schedule appointments with other physicians, surgeons, etc and make sure referrals are obtained from PCP. • Performs venipuncture if needed. • Enter patient data in computer system appropriately • Ensure each patient has a follow up visit as needed • Check charts at the end of the day to make sure that everything has been done and signed off. Make sure all H&P’s have been Xeroxed and sent to JCE when appropriate. • Make sure physicians procedure and hospital list s are completed and correct by double checking with computer and scheduling book • Mail out prep information for each primary patient • Keeps the physicians books in order and makes sure he/she is where he/she needs to be, meetings, procedures, etc. • Reorders and restocks supplies • Keeps informed and practices universal precautions.  Keeps current on CEU’s and newest medical procedures involving GI and Liver disease • Covers other nurses as needed • Instruct patients on preps for procedures • Reviews instructions for medications and diet with patients • Educate patients appropriately • LPN’s will yield to RN’s if a clinical issue arises. • Other duties assigned  Education and Experience:  High School diploma required.  This position requires a completed certification program for LPN.CPR certified. Previous experience working with patients in either a hospital or office setting preferred, but not necessary.






licence-needed