This position is good for those with an interest in/aptitude for mechanical equipment. Callers could be calling about such devices as ice machines, beverage/beer dispensing equipment, refrigeration, etc. Or, they might be calling simply to place a product order. See our website.*  We are seeking individuals who can work Saturdays, around 7am start for 8-10hr days. Then same approximate hours on Sunday.    This position could easily serve as a stepping stone toward being a Shamrock Group Service Technician, full-time customer support or delivery specialist.   *Job Description*    Operate the company’s telephone business-systems equipment and database software to administer incoming calls from customers and prospects -- many of which are asking for troubleshooting help. Utilize a pleasant voice and demonstrate operations knowledge with the ultimate objective of giving each customer or prospect assurance that his/her need is being cared for.  Job also entails helping with walk-in customers who want to buy our ice products.   *Tasks*  • Serve as first in charge of incoming calls from customers/prospects, greeting the caller in a friendly manner and routing calls appropriately • Learn the essential foundational details of Shamrock Group’s products and services in order to know how to handle callers requests/questions  *Work Context Requirements* • Comfort with and an aptitude for telephone and face-to-face conversations • Comfort with electronic mail • Comfort with multi-tasking • Excellent management of conflict situations and the prospect of dealing with unpleasant, angry, or discourteous people • Make decisions without supervision • Be exact and highly accurate • Knowledge and experience with Microsoft Excel  • Knowledge and experience with an ERP system a plus  *Qualifications* Years of Experience:  2+ years of call center experience Education:    High School/G.E.D required.     Technical aptitude a plus.    Some college or a B.S. degree in Business a plus






part-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed