Expedited Travel    Expedited Travel is a leader in expediting vital Passports and Visas in as little as 24 hours through its subsidiaries RushMyPassport.com and RushMyTravelVisa.com. We pride ourselves on providing world-class customer service by coordinating the entire process a person needs to obtain their travel documents. Expedited Travel has worked with many of the Fortune 500 companies and also provides customized travel services to Corporate Travelers, Student Travel Organizations, Travel Agents and Tour Operators. Our company has been featured in the Wall Street Journal, Forbes.com, MSNBC and CNN.com.   With the growing demand for our service, we are in need of a self-motivated customer service associate who thrives in a fast paced environment. This is an exciting opportunity for someone who possesses outstanding phone skills, a deep-rooted understanding of the customer experience and demonstrates flexibility as the role may require to you to work across multiple platforms.    Available Positions: Customer Service   Location: 319 Clematis Street, West Palm Beach, Florida    Training provided.   Core Job Expectations:   - Ability to communicate effectively over the phone in contacting new and existing customers  - Manage multiple clients simultaneously  - Willing to learn passport policies, procedures, and regulations   - Provide world class customer/ client service   - Answer inquiries from potential clients   - Keep detailed records and follow-up    Qualifications:    - At least 5 years customer service experience   - The ability to thrive in a fast paced environment   - Advanced communications and interpersonal skills   - An ability to manage multiple tasks   - Professional work ethic   - Excellent phone skills    Compensation:    - Salary. Medical benefits provided.    Employment Requirements:    - U.S. Citizen or national, legal, permanent resident or legally authorized to work in the U.S.  - At least 18 years of age   - Must undergo a background screening and meet the following requirements:    Free of any misdemeanor conviction, to include crimes related to a breach of trust or moral turpitude, such as but not limited to: embezzlement, identity theft, misappropriation, fraud, any drug offense, or crimes involving violations against the public trust.     Schedule:    - Hours: 9 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. (1 hour lunch break)   - Schedule includes a minimum of one weekend day (Saturday or Sunday)   - Limited mandatory overtime required based on business needs. Ample time is provided to ensure work/life balance.   Apply:    - Please e-mail resume, cover letter and references for consideration •Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster. •do NOT contact us with unsolicited services or offers






salary 5-plus-years-experience-needed