Wellness Workdays Office Manager, Part-Time   About us: Wellness Workdays (www.example.com) based in Hingham, MA is a fast growing health and wellness firm. We offer custom-tailored health and wellness programs to corporations across broad industries. We inspire employees to make simple, yet effective changes and in return we lower employer’s healthcare costs.   Job description: We are seeking a Part-Time Office Manager (30hrs. per week) with skills, experience and know-how to be the back bone of the day-to-day-operations.  To thrive in this roll, you’ll need to love variety, be a creative thinker, work independently, communicate well and be super organized.  We are looking for a motivated individual, with a positive attitude and willingness to jump in whenever needed. You must have a proven track record to handle multiple tasks, while working under pressure and know how to prioritize tasks.   Summary of essential job functions: • Answer the phones • Deal with any inquiries from outside vendors via phone, email or general  correspondence • Manage procurement of all office supplies and other office needs • Invoice clients and manage accounts payable • Manage technology and other office systems • There will also be ad-hoc and project work such as you’d expect in a growing, dynamic company!  Minimum requirements Bachelor’s Degree.  Minimum 2 years of experience in a similar role or a role where essential job function requirements have been practiced. Interest in nutrition and wellness a plus!  Abilities required • Business administration knowledge • Basic accounting skills, experience with QuickBooks preferred • Ability to produce efficient work in a timely manner • Ability to produce business correspondence, proofread for grammar, spelling and punctuation with a high degree of accuracy • Technical skills preferred  Benefits and Compensation Hourly paid position ($15.00-$18.00 per hour based on experience)/ paid vacation, holiday and sick time, no healthcare benefits.






2-4-years-experience-needed part-time-job bs-degree-needed hourly-wage supervising-job