The architect/developer will be responsible for supporting and/or leading efforts to implement a Business Objects solution that meets all defined business requirements. The requirements focus on BOBJ solution design and development on complex technology landscapes that are comprised of SAP and non-SAP components. This job is not for report writing/generation or traditional development, although experience in those areas is a prerequisite.  Location: Huntsville, Alabama USA  Required Experience: • Experience in leading or working in a senior roll on Business Objects Implementation projects. • Experience in architecting Business Objects solutions over complex technology landscapes that primarily include non-SAP components • Experience in working with business users and units to elicit, understand, and document business needs, business requirements, environmental requirements, conversion requirements, reporting requirements and file structures between various systems. • Experience in data warehouse design, development, and deployment • Experience with designing and developing reports and dashboards. • Experience in assisting other teams (solution validation, architecture alignment, testing, etc.) as new procedures are implemented in relation to the Business Objects implementation. • Extensive experience working on large and complex projects that require documentation of the development effort. • Experience in application deployment, planning, and execution. • Experience working in an Army and/or DoD environment a plus.    Job Requirements: • Design Business Objects solutions in an environment that has unique non-SAP-related requirements and many data feeds. • Develop architecture documentation to guide the implementation and support compliance requirements. • Work with Business Objects end-users to resolve any application, data or user issues. • Promote data warehousing and business intelligence concepts to business users, educate and train users on Business Objects reporting tools and appropriate content. • Develop reporting unit testing plans and conduct system unit test. Performs ad-hoc, standard and regression reporting testing. • Participant in system integration and stress tests for large size projects across various systems or platform. Assist and support quality assurance testing teams. • Provide input to peers, management and customers for recommendations and alternate solutions and/or improvements. • Prepare design documentation for the projects assigned, provide estimates and conduct peer code review. • Provide Business Objects infrastructure system support, participate in application upgrade projects.  Skills: • Excellent communication and facilitation skills are essential to this effort. • A self-starter with a strong desire to learn new development techniques and enhance existing business and technical processes. • Capable of leading technical requirement gathering sessions with business stakeholders. • Ability to work in teams that are driven by business priorities, and contain non-technical colleagues as team members.    Educational Requirements: • BS degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Management Information Systems or related field; or equivalent combination of education and experience.  Other Requirements: • The ability to obtain a SECRET clearance is required • U.S. Citizenship is required






bs-degree-needed full-time-job supervising-job