We are currently exploring options for expanding our practice of family psychology to the greater Johnson County area beginning in Fall 2013. We have a strong media presence in Kansas City and long history of successful business management, but no offices in the metro to take advantage of that presence. To learn more about our practice go to www.example.com.  We would like to hear from top-quality Kansas Licensed Psychologists LCPCs, LSCSWs, and LCMFTs with established caseloads who are interested in the following: a) turning over scheduling, billing and practice management to us and focusing on clinical work; b) the collegial support, peer consultation, and cross-referral that group practice facilitates; c) the tangible benefits only available to businesses with more than eight employees (e.g., group health coverage). This is what we bring to the table. In 2015 we'll also bring an APRN to provide quality medication management integrated into our practice.   Here's what successful candidates should bring: a) an established caseload and referral network which we will work to enhance through marketing and media; b) excellence in clinical work with children, teens, young (college age) adults, couples, families, and/or adults within our narrow scope of practice (e.g., we do not do SPMI, Axis II, substance abuse, spiritual counseling, or Medicare); c) a desire to work as an associate and team player; and d) insurance panel listings.  This position is a W-2 employment opportunity, not an offer of partnership or a cost-sharing arrangement. The associate will receive a commission of between 50 and 59% of collected revenue based on productivity and will have very few overhead or management costs. There is no base salary.  The position is ideal for highly motivated, eager clinicians who are excited about their work and want to make a real living doing it, but who may not have the business knowledge to make that happen. It is not designed for part time employment. It is not designed as a side practice for those employed elsewhere. It is not a good fit for \"lone wolves.\" It is not an entry level position for post-masters supervision.   As noted in the opening, this is an exploratory project. If we find the team we're looking for, we'll move ahead. If not, we'll go a different route. If you're currently practicing in Johnson County and want to have a serious discussion about joining forces under our management, please contact us via Indeed.






