Summary    We are currently searching for both a Part-Time and a Full-Time Quality Candidate.    The Customer Service Representative must establish and maintain excellent customer service with every existing and potential customer.  Work involves but is not limited to: overseeing operation of the center, ensuring maximized sales and profitability, center security and safety, inventory control, meeting monthly and yearly Contribution To Plan (CTP) goals, and expense control.  This position reports directly to a District Manager.    Duties and Responsibilities    1. Acts as a role model of CARES Customer Service expectations and provides excellent service to our customers.   2. Handles customer concerns/complaints in a courteous and professional manner and within established guidelines and escalates as necessary.  3. Builds relationships with customers that will allow them to understand their needs and fit to our products/services improving customer retention and sales.   4. Demonstrates strong knowledge of all products and services and communicates the relevant benefits of each to customers.   5. Markets all ACE financial services through cross-selling and solicitation. Assist Customer Service Manager and Customer Service Leader with training other center employees in marketing efforts. Suggests additional items for purchase by customer.   6. Cash checks using established risk analysis (RA) and risk management materials.  (Risk analysis is defined in current training manuals and/or policies and procedures materials.)  7. Follows and administers center security and safety procedures reporting discrepancies to District Supervisor.  8. Processes customer loans accurately following written guidelines.    9. Oversees daily center operations. Reviews, interprets and acts upon reports including but not limited to: Trend Report, Combined Income Statement, and CTP.  10.  Ensures returns and cash shortages are within established limits by exposing forgery items and reducing cash shortages.  11. Assist Customer Service Manager and Customer Service Leader with managing controllable expenses through proper staffing, utility usage, janitorial and maintenance service and inventory of non-cash supplies.  12. Ensures a clean and safe work environment at all times (parking lot, lobby and booth).  Examines and inspects the conditions of internal and external signage.  13. Meets and exceeds center budget goals.  Achieves profit maximization through application and control of expenses.   14. Maintains a flexible schedule to work in other centers as needed.   15. Must comply with all AML-SCI procedures  16. Performs other duties as assigned.    Qualification and Requirements    Experience     • Candidate must successfully meet the company’s pre-employment pre-requisites (credit/criminal screenings)  • 3 - 5 Years cash handling and customer service experience   • 3 - 5 Years Industry Experience  • Must complete a 6 month probationary period  • Must be able to pass New Hire Training and Customer Service Mastery Certifications within first 6 months of employment






5-plus-years-experience-needed