General Manager - The Grand Lodge at Hillcrest Country Estates   We’re looking for a GENERAL MANAGER to lead a resort style living community for retirees. The GRAND LODGE will feature Independent Living, Assisted Living and Memory Support apartments PLUS a state of the art wellness center with salt water pool, 3 restaurant venues, health care clinic, community garden and will complement the existing beautiful Independent Living Villas, apartments and long-term care cottages on our 44-acre campus in Papillion, Nebraska.  Hillcrest Health Services, a locally owned and operated Continuum of Care provider is developing, The Grand Lodge at Hillcrest County Estates, in Papillion.  The Grand Lodge will be home to over 160 retirees.    Responsibilities of General Manager-Hospitality:  The successful candidate will be involved in the development, initial construction and the opening of the Grand Lodge in 2014. This leader will inspire a qualified team and manage all operational functions for 400+ Villas and the new Grand Lodge.  Must have demonstrated abilities in successful hospitality operations management, solid organization and strategic planning skills, comprehensive fiscal management acumen and exceptional interpersonal communication and leadership skills.    Skills/Requirements of General Manager-Hospitality:  Must have proven leadership experience in concierge service, high quality food and beverage service and operations, wellness and lifestyle enrichment with 5 star qualities. Hotel management is a plus. Requirements include 10+ years management experience in Hospitality Management, General Manager or CCRC setting. Management experience at  a high ranked hotel is preferred. We offer a comprehensive benefit and salary package.  If you are a visionary leader who believes wholeheartedly in our mission of 'enhancing the lives of aging adults’ then this could be your dream role.  Please visit our website and apply online at www.example.com.






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed