Responsibilities:  Key Transit has an immediate opening for a Dispatcher/ Customer Service Rep to work in our office in Centennial. This position is for Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., and Saturday and Sunday from 09:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Pay is $13/hr. Daily duties include answering phones, scheduling transportations, dispatching vehicles, responding to emails, faxes, maintaining data records, creating documents, and other office functions as needed. This position requires a high level of customer service, attention to detail, and general computer skills. Familiarity with use of general office equipment such as email, fax, scanners, copiers, printers, and phones required. Prior office experience is helpful but not required.  Basic Skills/Qualifications:  Requirements include: HS diploma or equivalent, minimum one year experience as a receptionist or equivalent preferred, minimum one year experience demonstrating accurate data entry, basic knowledge of MS Word, Excel, and the Internet, general administrative experience, ability to handle multiple tasks and coordinate various assignments while maintaining poise and excellent customer service, ability to work independently, strong organizational, time-management and communication skills.  Additional responsibilities may include infrequent functioning as a driver operator when necessary. One must provide safe, reliable, and efficient transportation of clients who are ambulatory or wheelchair/stretcher bound in a compassionate and caring manner.  Additional qualifications to fulfill occasional Driver Operator needs: A. 19 years of age or older B. Valid Colorado Driver's License C. No major moving violations: DUI, DWI D. No more then 1 moving incident in the last 3 years E. Pass criminal history review in accordance with Key Transit's policy F. Pass a pre-employment and random drug and alcohol screenings G. First-Aid and CPR Certified (We can assist with this requirement)  Employment is contingent upon completing Form I-9 Employment Eligibility Verification, education verification, and satisfactory reference and background checks.  To be considered an applicant for this position you must show how you meet the basic qualifications of the job in a resume.






1-year-experience-needed hourly-wage part-time-job