Are you passionate about making a difference in people's lives? Are you a detailed, multi-tasker who is interested in being a part of a growing hearing aid company? Are you able to adapt easily to continued growth and responsibility? If this sounds like you, please consider the following opportunity.  The Patient Care Coordinator is a liason between patients and the hearing aid center. Duties will include: greet patients with enthusiasm, place outbound calls to schedule and confirm tests and consultations, compile and keep accurate records in the medical charts, ship and track orders, verify and process insurance coverage and payments, keep up with inventory, prepare weekly reports, perform basic office maintenance, organize open house events and ensure patient satisfaction. Enjoy a dynamic office environment where the work is varied and interesting. A PCC position is a medical front office position but is much more than a receptionist. They are the first point of contact for referring physicians and patients. If you enjoy helping people and would like to work in the healthcare field, come join us today.   Willoughby Hearing, has 8 locations in the Oregon and Washington area and has a rich history and network of Registered Audiologists and Hearing Aid Professionals. We are committed to our patients, our community and cutting edge technology.  Your ability to grow this practice will be extremely important in this customer facing role along with excellent communication and computer skills. Your proven ability to communicate in a professional way while maintaining confidentiality will be critical to your success. This is an exciting time to join our organization and expand your career!   JOB REQUIREMENTS:  - High School Diploma or GED required; college degree preferred.   - One Year Experience in an office environment and customer service.   - Basic familiarity with Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Excel, printing/scanning software  - Ability to type 40-50 wpm  - Excellent written and oral communication skills  - Ability to listen actively & speak with clarity  - Service orientation   - Ability to work in a team setting  - Ability to maintain confidentiality  JOB STATUS: Full Time  HOURS: 8:45AM - 5:15PM M-F  LOCATION: Salem, OR  BENEFITS: medical, vision, dental and life insurance, as well as company-sponsored 401K and Flex Spending Account.   APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS: Reply via email with subject line \"PCC - Salem\". Cover Letter required in body of email; resume required as attachment. Please specify salary requirements in Cover Letter.






full-time-job 1-year-experience-needed