Otto Logistics of Colorado has immediate openings for two full time diesel mechanics.  1st shift: 8am to 6pm, Monday to Friday working some Saturdays. 2nd shift: 3pm to 1am working some Saturdays.  Please note that this job is available only if you live in the Denver metro area. Out of state need not apply.  GENERAL STATEMENT OF DUTIES To perform highly skilled and complex mechanical repairs. Perform the duties of a mechanic involved in inspecting, repairing, fabricating, rebuilding and maintaining wheel loaders, excavators, tractor and trailers. Ability to perform heavy manual labor. Work special hours as required. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES • Inspect, diagnose and repair mechanical difficulties on diesel powered heavy construction and power driven equipment including diesel wheel loaders, excavators, trucks and trailers.  • Be able to diagnose cause of malfunction using knowledge of electronic and mechanical test equipment.  • Perform inspection of assigned equipment; replace or repair faulty parts and equipment.  • Overhaul, repair, rebuild and adjust engines, transmissions, differentials and clutches.  • Perform inspection of assigned equipment; repair and replace accessories on equipment.  • Diagnose and repair computerized control systems, ignition systems, power steering and cooling systems.  • Repair, adjust and replace brake systems including hydraulic and air brakes.   OTHER DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES • Weld, fabricate and assemble parts and accessories for heavy equipment.  • Respond to service calls, make temporary repairs. Pick up and deliver vehicles to the shop as needed.  • Inspect company vehicles, equipment and assure compliance with state codes and regulations.  • Assist other mechanics in the performance of mechanical repairs as required.  • Perform other duties as assigned by shop manager.  PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS/ WORK ENVIRONMENT  Maintain effective audio-visual diagnostics and perception needed for:  • Making observations • Communicating with shop manager and co-workers. • Operating assigned equipment. Maintain physical condition appropriate to the performance of assigned duties and responsibilities which may include the following:  • Exposure to air contaminants, confined work spaces, dirt, temperature extremes, elevated work places, improper illumination, loud noises, vibrations and toxic materials routinely encountered in equipment maintenance and repair. • Operating assigned equipment. • Walk, stoop, stand, lay, sit or kneel to perform equipment repair and maintenance Duties • Lift, push or pull equipment and supplies routinely used in equipment maintenance and repair of up to 70 pounds.  If you are hard worker and looking for long term employment send us you resume or come in and fill out an application. We are located inside the Waste Management transfer station at:  6091 Brighton Blvd. Commerce City CO. 80022 Hours to apply are Monday to Friday from 8am to 3pm.






full-time-job