Our core expertise is in four areas: Technical Accounting, IPO Services, Mergers & Acquisitions Services and Financial/Operational Processes.  We are different from other accounting firms as we do not perform any audit or tax services.   Instead, we focus on our core services only and in being the best in the world at delivering those services globally.      Our client portfolio contains a mix of multi-billion dollar public companies, mid-cap public companies and pre-IPO companies that range from late stage to early stage.   Our global clients represent the most exciting industries including high tech, internet, social networking, gaming, software, clean tech, biotech, services and manufacturing.   From a client’s perspective, we fill the independence void created by Sarbanes-Oxley.   Specifically, we are hired by finance and accounting executives that understand the importance of having a partner like us to successfully execute on their responsibilities and better leverage their time.     Our culture is to hire CPAs with the biggest brains and the best service mentality in the world, exemplified by a history of top ratings in the Big Four, stellar academic performance and a strong reputation of hard work, likeability and technical expertise.  At the core, we are professionals who love to help our clients with their biggest accounting problems, process challenges and peak load technical projects.   The demand is strong to work at our firm and the positions are coveted.   We are ambitious, entrepreneurial, smart, fun and enjoy building the “world’s most elite accounting firm”.   *Job Description:*   As a key contributor to our engagement teams, you will apply your educational background and the experience obtained from public accounting to some of the most exciting clients in the world. You will take direction from other, more experienced members of the team as you assist in problem solving and adding value by preparing our clients with an IPO, Mergers & Acquisitions transaction or an audit. You will be involved with various technical accounting projects, including revenue recognition, equity accounting, technical memos, audit preparation and writing technical accounting policies. In this position, you will get experience working in revenue management and closing the books. A Senior/Staff may also be involved in S-1 drafting, research and improving close processes. We rely heavily on our seniors and expect a high degree of professionalism and responsibility as we carry out the highest quality of professional service our clients require and demand.   *Responsibilities:*   * Add value through complex transactions including IPOs, Mergers & Acquisitions, Reverse Mergers, etc. * Add value to clients to successfully prepare and complete audits * Add value to public and private clients by assisting in any of the following: 1. Detailed revenue analysis and revenue recognition 2.  Equity – stock compensation (FAS 123R), warrant accounting and EPS 3. Draft or review complex sets of financial statements with disclosures 4. SEC Reporting, including 10K, 10Q and other filings       Support of quarterly or month-end closes 5. Identification and application of technical accounting guidance to client situations 6. Global accounting activities including IFRS, foreign currency and consolidations * Apply knowledge and understanding of governing principles, apply these principles to client transactions and communicate an understanding and application of these principles * Identify, analyze and discuss generally accepted accounting principles for the client, when necessary, with the Manager, Senior Manager and engagement partner * Identify complex accounting issues and bring them to the attention of engagement leaders for resolution    *Required Skills & Experience:*   * GPA of 3.5 or better * Rated top 25% of Big Four class * 1-5 years of prior experience in public accounting required * CPA preferred or actively pursuing completion of certification * Ability to take responsibility and account for his/her own work * Hard working, detail oriented and ability to work independently * Ability to work well in a team atmosphere * Professional and personable demeanor * Proven solid verbal and written communication skills * Passion for helping clients with a strong interest in technical accounting * Proficient in the use of Microsoft Office Suite with strong Excel skills * Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or equivalent required     *Travel:* * Some travel required  *Fully stocked kitchen, ping pong table, flexibility, competitive pay*  * E&Y, PWC, KPMG, Deloitte *






1-year-experience-needed bs-degree-needed