*About Us*  We’re Guidestone – Celebrating 150 years of service – Ranked among Northeast Ohio's Top Workplaces - built on a solid foundation of experience and expertise, rooted in faith and a legacy of serving children and families. Our range of flexible, customized programs builds upon one another so they address every aspect of a person’s needs. We’re a solutions-focused organization with passionate people committed to providing direction and inspiration to children, families and communities to help them become stronger.   Though we’ve changed our name from Berea Children’s Home and Family Services to Guidestone, the most important things about our organization remain the same: our vision, mission and services. We’re still a private, not-for-profit, charitable organization governed by a board of directors in covenant relationship with the East Ohio Conference of the United Methodist Church.  *Job Description* The Event and Marketing Coordinator will assist with development of development and implementation of marketing plans for various agency programs, assist with various forms of communication efforts, outreach, community relations and public presentations. The Event and Marketing Coordinator will act as the point person for major events across multiple agency departments, including coordinating date, time, invite lists, setup/tear down logistics, assisting with fundraising and managing event budgets and costs.   The perfect candidate will be organized, detail-oriented self-starter needed to coordinate agency events as well as develop targeted marketing strategies.  *Job Requirements* Bachelor’s degree required; preferably in Communications or Marketing. Demonstrated success in planning, implementation and coordination of events and/or communications projects. Excellent verbal and written communication skills required. Experience with Adobe Creative Suite, as well an understanding of image formats very strongly preferred. Impeccable organizational skills and attention to detail. Experience with not for profit industry, especially in human services or mental health a plus. Willingness and ability to learn other computer applications as needed.  *Benefits for full-time employees:*  Medical, dental, vision, 401k retirement plan, family-friendly work environment and scheduling flexibility, outstanding vacation, holiday and sick time, free parking, life insurance, supplemental life insurance, flexible spending accounts, child care assistance and we are business casual!   We promote from within, provide management training for rising leaders and professional development opportunities! Internships and co-ops are unpaid, but offered in most of departments at several different levels.  Committed to creating a more diverse community, we encourage candidates from historically underrepresented groups to apply. EEO/AA M/F/H/V   _State law requires that all potential employees undergo fingerprint screening. The agency also requires and covers the cost of a physical after an employment offer is made. Our licensing requires all employees working directly with clients be at least 21 years of age with a valid driver’s license & safe driving record, with the exception of Day Care. Two (2) forms of identification showing proof of eligibility to work in the United States, i.e., such as a driver license & social security card will be required. Application and resume submitted will remain active for this job submission only and be kept on file until this position is filled. Apply to only one position at a time to be considered for employment._






bs-degree-needed full-time-job