_Full-time Available_  *Job Decsription*  The Medical Assistant will perform administrative and certain clinical duties under the direction of a physician. Administrative duties may include scheduling appointments, maintaining medical records, Clinical duties may include taking and recording vital signs and medical histories, preparing patients for examination, drawing blood, and administering medications as directed by physician. The Medial Assistant will provide superb phone, interpersonal and written communications and etiquette.  Lastly, the Clinic Receptionist will provide prompt and friendly characteristics when greeting all guests and visitors, while making sure they become connected with the appropriate individual, program, meeting or location.  *Requirements*  This position requires a high school education or equivalent. 6 months related medical assistance experience within a 12 month timeframe mandatory. Completion of an accredited medical assistant program required with a one month externship. Must have excellent interpersonal and communication skills, relate effectively with a wide variety of people. A valid Ohio Driver’s License is required.  Computer literacy and excellent oral communications is essential.     *About Us* Ranked as one of Northeast Ohio's Top Workplaces three years in a row - Celebrating 150 years of commendable service!  At OhioGuidestone, we believe that every individual and community is unique and that their needs are different. Because of this, we’ve created flexible, customized programs designed to help children, families and communities, especially those in need. Our innovative, comprehensive programs preserve family relationships, help make children and families more self-sufficient and reduce clients’ need for future social service or court interventions.  *Benefits for full-time employees:*  Medical, dental, vision, 401k retirement plan, family-friendly work environment and scheduling flexibility, outstanding vacation, holiday and sick time, free parking, life insurance, supplemental life insurance, flexible spending accounts, child care assistance and we are business casual!   We promote from within, provide management training for rising leaders and professional development opportunities! Internships and co-ops are unpaid, but offered in most of departments at several different levels.   _Committed to creating a more diverse community, we encourage candidates from historically underrepresented groups to apply. EEO/AA M/F/H/V_






supervising-job licence-needed full-time-job