Our preschool is looking for another great preschool teacher. You are the perfect candidate for this position if: - You are a generally happy, positive person and you have a great sense of humor; - You are ALWAYS friendly and pleasant with coworkers, customers and children; - You consistently lead by example and take FULL responsibility for your work product/environment; - You take complete ownership of your tasks without hesitation and take great pride in completing them; - You LOVE working with young children and find it very rewarding to inspire and teach; - You want to feel like you've accomplished something at the end of each workday-- and that you're making a positive difference in the lives of many others; - You communicate well with your director and think of yourself as more of a partner than just another employee; - You are absolutely reliable-- you know your team is depending on you and work hard not to let them down; - You have a high level of competence and common sense-- you catch small issues before they become large and work immediately to make things right; - You live in the Ocoee area or are 100% sure you don't mind commuting 5 days a week; - You understand there is a BIG difference between \"teaching\" in a preschool setting and teaching in an elementary school setting; - When you see something that needs improvement you immediately work to improve it (instead of being a spectator); - You dislike gossip and rumors and don't allow them in your presence; - You take pride in your workplace and you personally strive to keep it in great shape;  - Dirt/dust/grime/germs are your enemies and you personally work to eliminate them; - You take pride in your professional appearance and demeanor and expect the same from your coworkers; - You desire to maintain and enforce a routine in your preschool environment, but happily adjust the routine as often as needed for unforeseen or unusual events; - You expect to be treasured as a valuable team member and you work to ensure those who work with you also feel treasured;  - While you would find some enjoyment in working in a very large center, you desire to work in a small to mid-sized, family-owned school within a less restrictive environment; and - You expect to be compensated very well as you work very hard AND smart, and you put forth your best effort every day!!  FCCPC/CDA/AA/BS obtained or in-progress will help prove to us that you are serious about your career in education. Previous successful experience with childcare and completion of 45 DCF training hours NECESSARY. Clean DCF background check, clean drug test and a commitment to continuing education also necessary. You must be able to run a marathon (or at least work on your feet all day!!) and comfortably lift up to 60lbs.  Are you currently employed in childcare and looking for higher pay, more opportunity for advancement or a more professional environment? Come meet with us-- we'll wait for the right candidate.  We offer subsidized, quality health insurance, paid time off and paid holidays to eligible employees.  This opportunity may be your \"glass slipper\" (or boot!!)-- if it sounds like a good fit please send your resume and a brief cover letter to us by replying to this message.  We are an equal opportunity employer.






licence-needed