Here is your chance to work for a company that offers the fast-paced challenging environment of a first class financial firm dedicated to rural America with the benefits of a collaborative team environment! Since its formation in 1969, CFC, located in Herndon, Virginia has provided financial solutions to the rural electric cooperative utility network throughout the U.S.    We have a great opportunity on our Information Systems Team for a Corporate Systems Developement Team Lead. Reporting to the Manager, Corporate Systems, this position is responsible for:   * Managing direct reports.   * Design and development of CFC*s most complex applications.  * Managing vendor contract negotiations and vendor relationships.  * Maintenance of existing applications.  * Responding to Help Desk tickets escalated beyond the first level of troubleshooting.  * Assistance in budget planning and management.    Essential Functions:  * Supervise day to day work of direct reports.  * Manage the design, development and maintenance of the company*s most complex custom software and associated technical documentation.  * Manage vendor contract negotiations and vendor relationships as they pertain to system development and ongoing maintenance.  * Estimate development efforts for assigned new project and change requests.  * Provide problem resolution for assigned Help Desk tickets.  * Coach and have the ability to supervise other, less experienced members of the team.  * Assist Corporate Systems Manager in budget planning and management.  * Other duties and projects as assigned.    Education, Knowledge & Experience:  Undergraduate degree in Information Systems, Computer Science or related technical degree, or the equivalent in work experience. General knowledge of finance.    Personnel Management - Project Management - Software Architectural Skills -Vendor Management- Software Development Lifecycle Methodology - Software Change Control Management - Information Systems Strategic Planning -    Application Development Skills * Experience in object-oriented (OO) analysis, design, and development in an OO language such as Java. Distributed software design and development using the latest technologies such as the Java Enterprise Edition (JEE) specification, Hibernate, Spring, Enterprise JavaBeans (EJBs), Junit, Log4j, Struts 2, Java Server Pages (JSPs), ANT, XML, JavaScript, Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) and HTML. Server-based development with an application server such as Weblogic. Experience with web authoring (HTML/CSS) tools.    Relational Database Skills - Experience using a relational database such as Sybase. Knowledge of Structured Query Language (SQL) and SQL-based query tools.    Graphical Application Development Skills * Ability to maintain legacy applications written in Lotus Notes/Domino or PowerBuilder is a plus.    Interpersonal Skills - Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to work effectively with end users and systems analysts.    We offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes a short-term and long-term incentive plan; pension plan; 401(k); medical, dental and vision plans; a generous leave policy, and more - all in a friendly, casual work environment. For additional information, please visit our website at www.example.com.  CFC is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to workforce diversity.  No Agency Calls Please.  National Rural Utilities Coope (NRUCFC)  Herndon, VA 20171  Web: www.example.com  






supervising-job associate-needed