*OrcaTec,* headquartered in Atlanta, GA is looking to hire a software developer to expand our team.  We prefer developers who live within easy commuting distance of Ventura, CA, or Atlanta, GA (near Cobb Energy Center), though other locations will be considered.    Our domain is processing large amounts of text data quickly for search and analysis.  The majority of our work is in the space of litigation and electronic Discovery, governance, risk management, compliance, and corporate investigations.  Experience in this area is welcome, but not required.  We want a smart, articulate, optimistic team player who can quickly become productive.  We value development skill and a broad base of experiences over specialized knowledge of a particular technology, framework, language, or problem space.  The right person for this job is a team player, who can work autonomously, can contribute to design architecture, and will take care of the details.  Major contributors to open source development tools are especially welcome.  Our product environment is distributed, and processing speed is critical.  Search technology experience (specifically Lucene) will also be favored.  One of our primary needs is for someone who can work on web-based user interface implementation in Javascript and Python. Familiarity with Lotus Notes is also a big plus for us.  We use a continuous integration model.  A Developer has to be interested in working in Python.  Knowledge of C#/.Net is a significant plus.  The list of specific technologies that we work with, which may be helpful to know, but not necessarily required, include:  *    Languages: Python,  C#/.Net, Javascript  *    Operating systems: Linux, Windows, *    Search: Lucene, SOLR *    Messaging:  RabbitMQ, Gearman *    Databases: Cassandra, MySQL *    Web Dev: Turbogears, YUI, jQuery *    VCS: Mercurial  *Responsibilities:* Software development with experience in the full life cycle of the software design process including requirement definition & documentation, prototyping, design, interface implementation, testing, maintenance, and enhancements.   *Requirements:* * BS / BA degree * Hands-on experience in enterprise or search software development * Ability to work on multiple concurrent projects and the ability to work well in a team, as well as independently * Excellent written and oral communication skills * Must be detail-oriented and organized * Must be confident, self-motivated and team oriented  We offer flexible work schedules, excellent benefits, and competitive compensation.  Please respond with your resume and salary expectations.






bs-degree-needed