Would you like to earn up to $100 commission per sale? Are you tired of low paying sales jobs that promise big and don't deliver? Would you like to earn hourly plus commission pay?  Do you have experience with B2B cold calling? Are you an experienced telemarketer? Do you have experience in B2B inside sales?   If you said YES to any of these questions, then you at the right place at the right time.    We are an IT company that provides small businesses with offsite data backup and IT services. We have been in business for over 12 years with thousands of customers in Northern California. We are in the process of greatly expanding our business in Northern California and would like to make you a part of our success. We are currently looking for two Sales Professionals to become part of our team.   Ideal Qualifications:   MUST be experienced with OUTBOUND business to business calling   Minimum 2+ years with inside sales or B2B appointment setting  Experience getting to Decision Makers   Ability to make 100+ calls per day   Appointment setting and/or lead qualifying experience   Demonstrated ability to develop qualified appointments   Skilled at using the phone to get appointments   Job Responsibilities:   Meet weekly appointment goals   Read, understand and follow company guidelines and procedures   Phone prospecting in order to set qualified appointments; develop utilizing a conversational approach to uncover and qualify new business opportunities   Prepare list of leads, handle objections, and record statistics on each call   Job and Salary Details:   This is currently a part time position (20-25 hrs.). If you meet or exceed company goals, this position can be extended to full time.   You will be paid $15 /hr. plus commission. Commission details will be discussed during interview process.   Further profit sharing opportunities will be available based on your performance  This job will be a 1099 position for the first 90 days. After this period, we can discuss a W2 opportunity.






2-4-years-experience-needed part-time-job