We are looking for a savvy self-starter to work in a small Baton Rouge law and notary firm. Applicants must be able to manage their own workload and be dedicated to customer service.  Position holder will interact directly with customers seeking notary services as well as assist the attorney with clients needing legal help. Must be able to keep organized records for the firm (with an emphasis on paperless filing), promote the services of the firm to customers, and be able to efficiently produce results. Applicants should have a positive demeanor and strong communication skills (both written and oral).   *APPLICANT MUST BE A LICENSED LOUISIANA NOTARY PUBLIC*  *Job Description:* * Notarize documents and prepare basic notarial documents for customers without supervision * Work directly with supervising Attorney in assisting clients * Provide administrative assistance for law and notary practice * Draft legal documents, which include wills, contracts, pleadings, memos, demand letters, etc.  * Conduct legal research into laws and court decisions and prepare memorandums * Make use of technology for handling tasks, documents, sales, communication, etc.   *Minimum Qualifications:* * Louisiana Notary Public Commission (with current bond, insurance, or surety) * Experience working in a professional legal services office * Advanced computer skills (knowledge of Mac and iOS). Will work daily with e-mails, calendars, cloud services, Microsoft word (with advanced formatting skills), and research using Fastcase.  *Preferred Qualifications:* * Completion of a Paralegal Studies or Legal Assistant Program (may substitute J.D. OR  experience working for a law firm)  * Experience as a notary public in a professional setting dealing directly with customers  Type of Position: Part-Time to Full-Time  Schedule: 9:00 am - 6:00 pm M-Th, 9:00 am – 1:00 pm F (Flexible with schedule)  Salary Range: Depends on Experience (with opportunities for growth).  Contact: Please send a short cover letter and resume (as a single PDF).






licence-needed salary