Program Coordinator  – Automotive  Kobe Aluminum Automotive Products - Bowling Green, KY  Kobe Aluminum Automotive Products, LLC, an aluminum forging automotive suspension parts manufacturer, is accepting resumes for the following position:  Program Coordinator This position is responsible for managing programs/projects and sales accounts in order to retain existing sales volume as well as increase new business base. Incumbent will identify new sales opportunities and pursue them from customer engineering evaluation and research through quotation, award and launch; then provide production support as required. Incumbent will provide detailed customer feedback to KAAP in order to align customer requirements and KAAP’s capabilities. Attention to detail and the ability to meet internal and external timing are required.  DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:   • Responsible for the daily requests created by existing business. .  • Maintain customer relationships with OEM / Tier 1 customers and Tier 2 suppliers.  • Coordinate and effectively communicate current business needs with Product Development, Design Engineering, Purchasing, Sales, KAAP Management, and parent companies.  • Provide timely communication to OEM customer / Tier 1 suppliers and KAAP Manufacturing sections when changes occur which affect customer’s product or business • Maintain relevant account information in internal reporting tools.   EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE AND SKILLS:  REQUIRED  • Bachelor degree in business management, marketing/economics, corporate organizational communications, or related engineering discipline. • Strong organizational skills and the ability to accomplish assigned tasks within established and changing deadlines. • Excellent communication skills: verbal, written and presentation. • Proficient with common MSOffice applications: spreadsheet (Excel), word processing, and presentation. • Travel will be required on an as needed basis.  PREFFERED  • Some automotive industry experience such as sales, production control, logistics, engineering, purchasing and production preferred, but not required. • Understanding of OEM business development, sourcing, and launch process preferred, but not required. • Knowledge of ISO9000 / TS16949 Quality System requirements preferred, but not required. • Technical / business Japanese language skills preferred, but not required.  Compensation will be commensurate with skills & quantifiable experience.  Excellent Benefits package and 401K match provided to all Full-Time employees Kobe Aluminum Automotive Products, LLC, is an Equal Opportunity Employer






bs-degree-needed full-time-job supervising-job