*Community Enterprises, Inc. is a growing multi-state human service organization empowering people with disabilities to live, learn, and work independently since 1975.*  Title:  Program Supervisor of Employment Programs Work Location:  Enid, OK Rate of Pay:  $18.25 per hour   Schedule:  37.5 hours per week, Monday-Friday, may include some evenings and weekends Daily schedule based on programmatic needs   *Summary* The Program Supervisor coordinates all aspects for a specific Employment and Training Programs to include development and oversight of Transitional Employment Center, Group Worksites, Individual Placements, and an Industry-Specific Training and Placement Program. S/he is responsible for overseeing production and ensuing quality standards for worksites are met.  S/he assures that all objectives are met and works with the Director to assure that operations are managed within budgetary limits.  The Program Supervisor is responsible for maintaining good working relationship with intermediate care facility staff as well as the supervision of staff and oversight of job development and marketing efforts.   *Required Skills* Must demonstrate strong community integration values and community-based employment and training services for individuals with disabilities Organizational skills, creative abilities, and excellent written and oral communication are a must.  Ability to work independently in a team environment and be flexible to meet program needs. A broad range of interpersonal skills to work with program participants, community employers, and other professionals. Knowledge and respect for diverse population  Education, Training, and Experience Bachelor’s degree with five years related experience or Associate’s degree with seven years relate experience.  One year of experience in management or supervisory experience desired. Demonstrated broad range of interpersonal skills to work with program participants, families, business associates, and other  professionals required.     *Other Requirements* Must have a valid driver’s license, a good driving record, the use of vehicle, and the willingness to transport program participants in a personal and/or agency vehicle. The employee is frequently required to sit, stand or move, reach, and use hands and occasionally required to climb or balance. Must frequently lift and /or move up to 30 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. Vision must be sufficient to meet programmatic needs.  Desire to do meaningful work and make a difference in someone’s life a must.  Bilingual/Bicultural experience is an asset.    *Excellent Benefits Package*  ●  Flexible work schedules and a great work environment, encouraging professional and personal growth  ●  Generous paid time off, including vacation time, personal time, holidays and sick time  ●  Medical and Dental insurance  ●  Employee Assistance and Wellness programs for employees and loved ones  ●  403(b) retirement plan   ●  Life and Disability insurance  Applications accepted until position is filled.






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job full-time-job hourly-wage