ParkUSA is the leading US manufacturer of water and wastewater advanced technology and products for the construction industry. ParkUSA has four manufacturing plants in Texas and resellers and representatives throughout the country.  JOB SUMMARY  Looking for a full-time, entry-level receptionist for administrative support to our staff and clients.   ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS  This is an entry-level, full-time position. To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Other minor duties may be assigned.  - Greet clients and visitors  - Answer and route calls to the appropriate party - Collect and distribute parcels and other mail - Hand out and receive employee applications - Perform basic filing and clerical duties - Send emails and faxes - Other administrative and clerical tasks as requested  QUALIFICATIONS  - High school diploma or GED - Must be detail-oriented - Organizational skills a plus - Some office or administrative experience preferred  WHAT DO OUR JOBS OFFER?  - A culture that values opportunity for growth, development and internal promotion - Highly competitive base pay - Comprehensive medical, dental and disability benefits programs - Group retirement savings program - Health and wellness programs  BENEFITS  At ParkUSA, each eligible employee receives a competitive total compensation package including Medical, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance and Short Term Disability as well as Profit Sharing Plan, Company match on 401k plan and more!  Our employees also receive Paid Time Off, Holidays, and Birthday Pay.  WHAT DO OUR JOBS OFFER?  ParkUSA is growing national firm always on the lookout for the best solutions for our projects, engineers, and customers. We are continuously seeking talented people to add to our team, offering a high-energy, team-based environment that focuses on employee growth and development. If you have experience in our industry and bring a unique set of skills to the table, we'd like to hear from you!  Thanks for your interest in ParkUSA!  ParkUSA is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer






full-time-job