*The Company* Regency Beauty Institute is a growing, nationally-recognized cosmetology education provider. By building and operating convenient, upscale, retail-oriented campuses and centralizing admissions and student services functions utilizing proprietary technologies, Regency has redefined the way beauty education is delivered.  Headquartered in Brooklyn Park and St. Louis Park, MN, Regency was founded as a single campus in Minneapolis in 1950 and has grown to 89 campuses in 20 states.   *Position overview:*  The Admissions Supervisor is responsible for coaching, training and motivating admissions representatives in a high-energy call center environment.  The Admissions Supervisor will create a supportive customer focused environment by monitoring customer interactions and providing consistent feedback to admissions representatives as they consult with potential students.   The Admissions Supervisor will strive to ensure all students feel valued and prepared to make the right decision for their educational needs.  Candidates should be self motivated, dynamic, professional and have a positive attitude and strong work ethic.  Due to the significant responsibilities of this role, it is essential that this position be filled on a full-time basis only.  Additionally, given the student service and support orientation of this role, it is essential that  the individual in this role be able to work a regular and reliable schedule and be able to work mandatory overtime when necessary, in the discretion of management, to meet company needs  *Reports to:* Director, Admissions *Schedule:* Full-time, 2 evenings per week *Location:* Regency Headquarters, St. Louis, MN  *Primary Responsibilities:* • Create a supportive student focused environment with  10 – 14 admissions representatives  • Build relationships and assist field staff to ensure seamless admissions process • Monitor calls an coach team members daily to provide optimal consultative service  • Provide ongoing training and support for team member development • Improve team productivity by monitoring daily performance; load balancing; queue management; conversion analytics; and preparing and completing action plans to improve efficiency  • Use phone monitoring  to analyze team member activity  • Provide daily hands on support   *Skills and experience required:* • Two+ years management experience in consultative sales or relationship management roles • Four+ years business to consumer service industry experience in a call center environment, preferably an educational institution  • Proven ability to motivate and develop team members  • Strong results orientation • Strong interpersonal and conflict management  skills • Ability to work in fast-paced environment






full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job