*Company Overview* SeniorAdvisor.com is an early-stage, growth business focused on developing a reviews and ratings service that helps senior citizens and their loved ones navigate through an array of senior service providers to find the best of the best in each industry. Our business is run by Internet veterans with a track record of building and growing multi-billion dollar online businesses. This is an exciting opportunity for the right candidate to get in on the ground floor of our new business based in Austin. We’re building a fast-paced and innovative organization to tackle a huge market opportunity, and we need an intelligent, highly-motivated marketing intern to help us build a dominant digital business.  *Position Overview* Our growing success has created an opportunity for us to add a part-time Digital Marketing Intern to help accelerate the company’s growth.  As our Digital Marketing Intern, you will make a direct and meaningful impact on the company’s progress and interact with senior leadership to execute our marketing strategy. Your daily responsibilities will include curating consumer-generated reviews, monitoring key performance metrics, doing competitive analysis, assisting with some administrative tasks, and more. The ideal candidate for this position will have a passion for online marketing, a desire to learn and develop new skills, an interest in entrepreneurial pursuits, and a positive attitude.  *Logistics*  -10-20 hours per week  -Flexible scheduling  -Opportunity to grow into full-time employment  *Typical Responsibilities*  -Curate consumer-generated reviews to ensure compliance with site guidelines  -Monitor and track trends on key business performance metrics  -Perform competitive analysis and recommend appropriate responses  -Assist with administrative tasks, such as expense reporting and travel booking  -Contribute to site User Experience and SEO improvements  -Spend some portion of your time working on projects that you are fanatical about – this could include blogging, video, PPC, etc.  As long as it furthers our business goals, we will entertain it.  *Skills and Competencies*  -Interest in all things “digital” including primarily ecommerce, social media, mobile marketing, SEM/SEO, and affiliate marketing programs  -Excellent verbal and written communication skills  -Detail oriented, self-motivated and proactive  -Fearless & willing to tackle anything  -Strong academic performance  -Fun – in a tie-breaker, we reserve the right to select the candidate who’d be more fun to work with  *Education Requirements* Bachelor’s degree (complete or in progress)






bs-degree-needed part-time-job