The goal of the Sales Executive is to establish strong business relationships with self-insured employers, Third Party Administrators (TPAs), Health Plans, Health Exchanges, Labor Union Funds, Health Care Coalitions, and employee benefits brokers and consultants. Candidate will work within an assigned region and promote Health Care Corporation of America’s (HCCA’s) full range of products, with a central focus on PBM programs.  Responsibilities  Assist with development of a strategic plan to drive results.  Create relationships with senior level decision makers within the assigned region.  Develop and maintain relationships with key consultants within the sales territory.  Develop and execute strategic area sales plans.  Sell the value of HCCA beyond price, using analytical tools and resources to differentiate HCCA in the market.  Work with Underwriting/Pricing to ensure they have the information required to develop competitive pricing; play a lead role in the underwriting/pricing process.  Lead finalist presentations.  Help identify unique ways to influence prospects to strongly consider HCCA.  Work with internal departments to develop innovative solutions that provide a competitive advantage and positions HCCA in the market place  Coordinate client management from commitment through contract  Successfully negotiate and close complex business deals independently  At close of sale, define terms of deal for internal departments  Coordinate product demonstrations—definition of key product needs aligned with specific client opportunity  Update territory management tools; report sales activity to management meet margin and sales targets  Remain current on Pharmacy and PBM industry trends and competitive knowledge  Perform duties as directed by supervisor  Qualifications • Established relationships with TPA’s, brokers, consultants, self-insured Employers and health plans  • Proven ability to self-manage time and administrative tasks • Self-confidence and ability to maintain composure while delivering sales presentations • Ability to quickly learn new information and verbally communicate a pattern of success • Strong relationship building skills • Ability to work accurately with meticulous attention to detail • Ability to handle work in best interest of both customer and company • Ability to work in a team environment • Able to work evenings for after-hour sales presentations • Must have a valid driver’s license • Ability to travel and maintain a flexible work schedule as needed • Above average level of PC skills. • Energetic and willing to think outside of the box. • Demonstrated leadership skills. • Proven performance in sales/account management.  • Excellent written and verbal communication skills • Ability to write reports, business correspondence and presentations materials • Strong analytical, quantitative, mathematical, interpersonal, communication and organizational skills • Ability to respond to changing priorities and handle multiple tasks at one time • Exercise excellent judgment in analyzing and responding to customer issues in an ethical manor • Demonstrated business acumen • Candidate should have a thorough understanding of the PBM market place. PBM or health plan experience is preferred  Education/Experience • BA or BS degree  • Minimum of five (5) years of demonstrated sales success developing sustained, profitable, business relationships • PBM, pharmaceutical, or healthcare sales experience required  Knowledge • Requires working knowledge of MS Office Products and email application systems






bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed