*About the Company*  We are a new skilled home health care agency based near Pontiac, MI.  The agency specializes in providing skilled nursing and physical rehabilitation services to homebound elderly clients in their homes and in facilities. The agency remains focused on improved clinical results and superior quality of care.  *Job Description*   As an Account Executive your responsibility will be to: Calls on physicians, hospital, skilled nursing facilities, rehabilitation facility, Dialysis centers, Assisted living facilities and Senior living communities within your assigned territory to seek referrals and open new accounts.  *Meet with discharge planners and case managers to seek referrals, provide updates, conduct any pre- discharge formality requested and remedy any concerns.  *Makes sales and follow up calls, schedule appointments and provide educational programs to keep referral sources updated with our services.  *Acts as a liaison between referral sources and office and clinical staff to provide information on our services, resolve problems and maintain positive customer relations.  *Provide education and screenings for potential clients when requested.  *Schedule educational lectures in senior communities to inform residents about our services.  *Assists in obtaining doctors signatures for various home care documents.  *Pre-Plan Daily & Weekly sales activities.  *Coordination of all work and training with the corporate office.  *Training and support will be provided to the candidate.  *Job Requirements*  Qualifications / Requirements  - College education or equivalent - Prior sales experience to medical community a plus. - Must be very well organized - Must have good communication skills - No history of criminal conduct - Must have reliable automobile and auto insurance - Must have a good driving record - Must have good knowledge of local medical establishments. - Well established RNs/LPNs welcome to apply  Salary is negotiable based on background and experience, salary is structured as base plus commission. A non-compete agreement will be required for this position.






associate-needed