Technical Sales Specialist:  EJ, the global leader in the design, manufacture, and distribution of construction castings and infrastructure access solutions has an opening for a Technical Sales Specialist at our Chicago,  Illinois Branch.   We are looking for a hardworking, dedicated individual to join our team and provide technical support for underground construction specification work on all Company products. If you are looking to join a global Company that has a rich family history and values their employees, this is the opportunity for you. EJ provides a competitive wage and benefit package in addition to other perks such as tuition reimbursement, gym membership reimbursement and training opportunities. What are you waiting for? Come learn how your career could thrive at EJ!  WHAT WILL I BE DOING? In your role as a Technical Sales Specialist, you will be part of our success by:  * Being responsible for district product strategy and assisting in the implementation for existing and new market areas and products. * Routinely visiting customers and end users of our project, educating them about new products and obtaining their feedback and relating this feedback to the appropriate location. * Conducting customer educational seminars or similarly related items. * Being primary contact for sales and customer related technical questions in sales districts assigned. * Conducting market research and identifying products that the company should be providing and tracking market trends in company’s industry. * Producing and assisting in the completion of competitive analysis materials and comparing product with its key competitors. * Marketing sales, customer and Branch office contacts with goal of providing and distributing our product to their needs. * Providing direct customer communication when needed as it pertains to product use and application.  WHAT DO I NEED TO DEMONSTRATE? As well as a hunger to learn and succeed, to be considered for this position you must be able to meet the following requirements:  * A four year degree in Engineering or Business related field with minimum of 2 years’ experience. Industrial or construction related experience a plus. Professional Engineer preferred but not required.






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed