ACTS is accepting resumes for Behavioral Health Technicians.  Position Title: Behavioral Health Technician Reports to: Manager Evaluation: Annually Salary Range: DOE Employment Classification: Full Time, Non-Exempt, Hourly Travel: Required, proof of insurance Must be 21 years old or older and have a valid Fingerprint Clearance Card from DPS or the ability to obtain one.  Requirements for BHT: HSD/GED and 4 years of behavioral health or related work experience or Associates Degree and 2 years of behavioral health or related work experience or Bachelors Degree in an unrelated field and 1 year of behavioral health or related work experience or Masters or Bachelors Degree in behavioral health fields and no experience.  General Statement of Duties Recovery coach is a member of the multidisciplinary team who carries out support functions; coordinates therapy/ treatment and provides assessment, education, support, and consultations with children and families.  Responsibilities Include collaboration/coordination of behavioral health services between ACTS and other involved agencies (DES, CPS, Adult and Juvenile Probation, school districts, advocates groups, etc.). Assist other Clinical Team members to support Client and their families in order to provide an adequate quality of life. • Provides Case Management services for assigned clients, including coordinating and monitoring the activities of the individual treatment team and assisting in developing, writing, and implementing overall goals and plans. 1. Guides the services of Support personnel. 2. Responsible for clinical case load. • Completion of Service Plans and Crisis Plans with all team members presents to provide input and feedback. • Releases of Information will be completed for all outside agencies (JPO, DES, CPS, etc.) and other treatment team members identified by client. • Completion of appropriate referrals for treatment services within agency and all other outside agencies as needed. • Assist with reengagement efforts, as needed (i.e. 3 telephone, mail, and/or home visits followed by a certified letter) to ensure consumers are involved in treatment services. • Performs clinical treatment of substance abuse and general mental health consumers for both children and adult. • Completes clinical summary and ensures that complete consumer discharge summaries and/or closures once services are completed. • Consults with community agencies and families to maintain coordination in the treatment process. • Completes the assessment of customer needs for support in education, social development and functioning and daily living (assessment every 6 months for children and every year for adult clients) • Will ensure confidentiality for clients at all times with the exception of DTS/DTO. • Performs individual and family counseling to enable consumers to identify vocational strengths and needs while establishing goals and action plans to reach those goals. • Acts as the Recovery Coach Manager and guides other Team members to facilitate consumers with the appropriate level of Placement, if needed. • Follow up on missed appointments, by phone or home visit. • Update demographics every 6 months for assigned clients • Must attend first CFT/ART meeting to assist with treatment planning and attend subsequent CFT’s/ART’s when possible • Complete and update CASII’s (Children) at intake, after first CFT every 6 months, at discharge and as needed along with all other required paperwork. • Attend Psychiatric appointments with assigned clients • Complete treatment plans and reviews for all assigned clients at intake, within 30 days, every 6 months, upon discharge when applicable and as needed. • Complete all required items according to checklists and CAPs per ACTS’ Document Conformance Plan process. • Contact all clients on caseload at a minimum at least one time monthly. Review caseloads to ensure who needs reengagement, closure follow up or additional services. • Complete PCP letters at intake, annually and when diagnosis or medications change • Maintain personal schedule in electronic health records system (ClaimTrak) • Meet monthly production standard. • Transport consumers when needed. • Other duties as assigned.






2-4-years-experience-needed