Diversicare Healthcare Services provides quality care for our nation's seniors.  We believe our mission is to improve every life we touch by providing excellent care and compassion.  We live our Core Values every day, proving Integrity, Compassion, Excellence, Teamwork and Stewardship for our residents and staff.  We are searching for a Nurse Consultant with expertise in Long-Term Care, experience as a Director of Nursing / Nursing Home Administrator.  This position will cover 3 homes in Southwest West Virginia and one in SE Ohio - Wheelersburg.  ACCOUNTABILITY OBJECTIVES  Plans, develops, directs and coordinates the Continuous Quality Improvement activities of the region’s nursing homes, to ensure the quality of services provided is consistent with applicable rules and regulations and the standards of the Corporation.  BACKGROUND QUALIFICATIONS  1. Current Licensure in state as an R.N. 2. Current Licensure in state as Nursing Home Administrator is preferred. 3. At least three years experience as a Director of Nursing, in long-term care. 4. At least three years experience as a Nursing Home Administrator is preferred. 5. Good interpersonal skills and ability to teach.   KEY RESPONSIBILITIES  1. Visits facilities regularly to perform CQI audits; follows-up on problems as needed.  Responsible to ensure at least two audits per year in each facility is conducted. 2. Assists in overall operations of facilities, as needed. 3. Develops policies, procedures and systems necessary to accomplish the quality goals of the company. 4. Provides support to ensure each facility has an effective CQI program implemented and that resident outcomes are favorable. 5. Monitors Key Indicator and skin condition trends and reacts to same as needed. 6. Assists in risk management by assuring safe working practices are followed in each facility and that appropriate procedures and documentation are in place regarding liability issues. 7. Provides support and assistance so that education programs needed at the facilities to accomplish goals are provided. 8. Coordinates the Director of Nursing and Regional CQI Committee for development of procedures and systems. 9. Ensures standardized policies, developed by the company and the regional committees, are utilized in each facility. 10. Ensures regions’ policies and practices are consistent with current standard practice. 11. Assists each facility in attaining and maintaining accreditation status with the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations. 12. Assists in selecting and training new Directors of Nursing and Administrators. 13. Assists Administrators and director of Nursing in development of strategic action plans to resolve problems.  Assists with reviews and recommendations for staffing and workload allocations.  Monitors home performance in all areas of operations and become a part of the team for resolution of problems.  Attends CQI committee meetings in facilities with need for assistance. 14. Acting Administrator/Director of Nursing in the event of absence in a facility in an emergency. 15. Assists each facility in preparation for state and federal inspections; attends all state/federal surveys and acts as facility advocate to ensure good results.  Assists in appeal process; prepares and attends appeals hearing. 16. Reviews and approves all “plans of correction” prior to submission to the state. 17. Reports monthly to the Regional Vice President regarding key Indicator and resident care outcome results for each facility.  Assists facilities in establishing quality goals for the year. Director Continuous Quality Improvement Page 3  18. Trains, coaches, recommends disciplines and/or termination of Administrators as needed. 19. Maintains effective communication with residents, family and facility staff to identify problems and act as advocate.  Conducts personal interviews with residents, family and staff to ascertain satisfaction level. 20. May be required to drive for company business with company or personal vehicle. 21. Other duties as assigned.






supervising-job licence-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed