Make a Difference in our Residents' Lives !   Doctors Healthcare & Rehabilitation Center located at 9009 White Rock Trail in Dallas is seeking a Certified Activity Director in Long-Term Care who loves the elderly and wants to ensure they are being cared for with compassion and integrity!   We live our Core Values of Integrity, Excellence, Compassion, Teamwork & Stewardship every day with every life we touch, providing exceptional healthcare and exceeding expectations.   If these are your values as well, APPLY NOW !   ACCOUNTABILITY OBJECTIVE:   Responsible for coordinating, directing and planning the recreation programs to meet the specific needs of each and all residents. Ensures residents’ lives are maintained to the extent possible by providing activities and contacts with the community. Obtains transportation for the residents to various life enrichment programs.   BACKGROUND/QUALIFICATIONS:   1. Required Certification as Activity Director by State of Texas.   2. Previous Experience as Activities Director in Long-Term Care / Skilled Nursing   3. Ability to direct and perform a variety of activities and to respond to varied needs of the residents.   4. Imagination and creativity preferred.   KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:   1. Development and coordination of activities program designed to promote the residents active involvement with each other, their families and the community, and involve staff in implementing program goals.   2. Plans and implements an activities calendar each month, which includes life skills, education and recreational programming daily. Provides a calendar for each resident, their families, and friends. Post calendars throughout the residence. Demonstrate documents involvement with all residents, staff, residents’ families, volunteers and community resources.   3. Provide one to one programming for residents who cannot participate in a group setting.   4. Coordinate the transportation of residents to and from events outside of the residence, which may include driving a residence motor vehicle. Is accountable for all residents’ presence when leaving or returning to a residence.   5. Take inventory and purchase activity supplies including recreational equipment, supplies for games, books, current magazines and daily newspaper for living and recreational areas, operating within the facility’s budget and according to administrative policy.   6. Participates in the review of individual Residents’ Service Plans and documents activities progress every six months or when there is a significant change in the resident.   7. Trains staff on the importance of meaningful activities and other areas regarding the quality of life for residents.   8. Coordinates quarterly special events at the residence, which includes residents, families and friends.   9. Recruits, trains and supervises volunteers.   10. Participates in discharge planning with other members of the management team.   11. Develops community resources and contacts to enhance the quality of life for residents.   12. Be familiar with the Adult Care Home Residents’ Bill of Rights and assist residents with exercising these rights.






supervising-job licence-needed