Bowers Manufacturing Company, an established and fast growing manufacturer of aluminum extrusions and fabricated components located in Portage, MI, is seeking a Production Manager for their Anodizing department. This position oversees the Anodizing and Finishing Departments while maintaining safety, quality, and production standards. Successful candidates will have supervisory / management experience in a high-volume production environment. Anodizing or electro-polishing experience is highly preferred. Candidates should also be able to show strong examples of leadership, teamwork development, and in-depth understanding of Lean Manufacturing, Process Improvement, and Problem Solving.   Job Duties / Responsibilities:  -Exercises direct leadership over department supervisors and has responsibility for safe and efficient operation of all aspects of department. -Actively leads process improvement activities and cost reduction programs. -Provides training in technical operations, as well as all departmental procedures. -Communicates effectively at all levels of organization regarding departmental strategies and results. -Promotes a safe and clean environment.   Job Requirements / Qualifications:  -Must possess a degree in related area and have 5+ years supervisory experience in a high-volume manufacturing environment. -Anodizing / electro-polishing experience and technical understanding. -Strong familiarity with ISO / TS quality systems and standards. -Strong interpersonal skills. -Must be able to trouble shoot to find and address root cause(s).   Bowers Manufacturing Company offers competitive salary and benefits, which include:    -Medical -Dental -Vision  -401K & Life/Disability insurance   TO APPLY:   1. Complete and submit online application: www.example.com 2. Submit an updated resume to our company email address, through the link on this site   THANK YOU FOR YOUR INTEREST IN EMPLOYMENT WITH OUR COMPANY!






5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed