If safety is your passion and you want to take your career to the next level, MEUW is where you need to be!  We are currently seeking a highly motivated, ambitious, and outgoing individual to serve as Regional Safety Coordinator for one geographic region with locations in Wisconsin & the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.  As a Regional Safety Coordinator you will be serving the occupational safety and health program needs for members of our Regional Safety Management Program comprised of municipal utilities, cities, villages, and/or counties.  Daily travel is required to each community to provide on-site training, audits, inspections, JSA’s, hazard assessments, and completing required documentation.  Additionally you will assist in facilitating proactive safety committees, conduct root cause analysis and incident investigations, assist with the implementation and/or management of a Return to Work program, and assist as needed as the liaison for insurance and state safety inspections.  As a Regional Safety Coordinator you will be part of a larger safety team serving public sector employers throughout the state.  A successful candidate for this position will have a minimum of 3 years of experience with direct responsibility for workplace safety.  This position requires an expansive knowledge of OSHA 1910 and 1926 standards as well as additional requirements set forth by the WI Department of Safety and Professional Service code SPS 332 for WI locations and MIOSHA for MI locations.  MEUW will provide additional training for the right candidate if needed.  Candidates will be required to demonstrate effective written and verbal communication skills combined with proficient computer skills.  The successful applicant must be energetic, outgoing, self-starting, organized, and able to effectively complete multiple projects simultaneously with minimal supervision.  Some additional qualifications and experience that have made for successful Regional Safety Coordinators include; • Experience working in local/county government • Completion of an Occupational Safety and Health degree or related discipline • Experience working in construction or other field service in an outdoor setting • Public speaking experience • Experience as a trainer • Fire / EMS / Law Enforcement / Military experience MEUW places significant value in the services provided by our Regional Safety Coordinators and seeks to provide extremely attractive compensation packages for our employees which include the following; • Competitive salary • Health Insurance (95% of premium and 50% of deductible paid by MEUW) • Flexible Spending Account for healthcare needs • 401k including employer contributions without an employee matching requirement • Expense account • Monthly paid mileage at the IRS standard mileage rate • Continuing education and professional development allowance • Clothing allowance (embroidered with MEUW logo) • Paid ADD/Life Insurance policy • Paid Vacation, Holiday, and Sick days We are currently a filling position in the following geographic region; 1. Region 4: Serving the municipality and/or municipal-owned utilities of Crystal Falls (MI), Eagle River (WI), Florence (WI), Gladstone (MI), Norway (MI), and Stephenson (MI). *** This position has a requirement of residency within 30 minutes travel time of Florence, WI OR Iron Mountain, MI. Make the best choice of your career and submit a current resume and salary history.  No third party inquiries please.   Deadline:  November 20th, 2013  Job Title: Regional Safety Coordinator   JOB ANALYSIS This position will manage a multi-employer safety and health program which fosters a safe work environment by focusing on overall safety as well as safe job performance.  The primary function of this position is to ensure regulatory compliance through written programs, inspections, risk management procedures and employee training. This position serves municipal employees and involves regular travel to assigned municipal employers.    SUPERVISION This position receives general supervision from the Municipal Electric Utilities of Wisconsin (MEUW) Director of Safety Services.  Decisions regarding daily work activity are made independently within the context of established policies and procedures outlined by MEUW.  ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS  The essential job functions of this position shall be performed in each municipal employer location (community).   A) Perform general safety and health related duties including, but not limited to, written program management, employee training, inspections, incident analysis/investigation and program audits as necessary to ensure state and federal safety compliance.  B) Visit each employer site according to the allocated percentage of community time and specific Program need. C) Develop and maintain a monthly schedule to include time spent in the community, training sessions, meetings and general workload. D) Perform site-specific safety training sessions according to community need and regulatory compliance requirements. E) Participate in Safety Committee meetings and events. F) Write, modify and maintain written programs including, but not limited to, Blood borne Pathogens, Confined Space Entry/Rescue, Excavation, Hazard Communication, Hazardous Energy Control, Hearing Conservation, Personal Protective Equipment, Respiratory Protection and General Safety to ensure state and federal safety compliance.  G) Develop and maintain an accurate safety program recordkeeping and reporting system to ensure state and federal safety compliance.  H) Create and submit monthly safety reports as required. I) Create and submit an employee training schedule as required.  J) Develop and maintain documentation to support work performance. K) Complete and submit required safety and health reports as required.   REQUIRED ABILITIES A) Ability to work as team player in the absence of or minimal supervision. B) Ability to communicate effectively in written and oral communications. C) Ability to work efficiently and accurately when there is time, pressure, or emotional strain. D) Ability to maintain reliability and sound professional judgement. E) Ability to work in the presence of distractions or under monotonous conditions without significant loss of efficiency. F) Ability to prioritize multiple tasks. G) Ability to meet scheduled deadlines. H) Ability to demonstrate knowledge of principles and practices of public management. I) Ability to maintain security of confidential matters and materials.  J) Ability to function as part of a team player.  K) Possess excellent troubleshooting and problem solving skills. L) Possess working knowledge of general office equipment and computer software. M) Possess excellent proficiency in grammar, spelling, punctuation, and arithmetic. N) Possess strong leadership skills.  QUALIFICATIONS A) Minimum of three years practical experience working with Wisconsin and federal safety and health regulatory compliance. B) Must have an insurance acceptable driver’s license. C) Maintain all certification and training standards. D) Municipal government work experience preferred. E) Occupational health and safety degree or related discipline preferred.  ENVIRONMENTAL CONDITIONS OF THE WORKPLACE A) Work indoors in a controlled environment. B) Work outdoors exposed to changing weather conditions. C) Willing to go to any work environment for emergency or training situations.  PHYSICAL DEMANDS A)  Must have good hand-eye coordination. B) Must be able to sit for long periods of time. C) Must be able to lift and move up to 50 pounds. D) Must be able to bend, squat, stretch, and twist frequently.  ADDITIONAL DUTIES A) Work outside of normal hours when necessary. B) Additional duties as assigned. C) Be available during working hours in order to address any concerns, complaints or suggestions. D) Travel as needed.   THE ABOVE STATEMENTS ARE INTENDED TO DESCRIBE THE GENERAL NATURE AND LEVEL OF WORK BEING PERFORMED BY THE EMPLOYEE ASSIGNED TO THIS POSITION.  THEY ARE NOT TO BE CONSTRUED AS AN EXHAUSTIVE LIST OF ALL JOB RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES PERFORMED BY PERSONNEL SO CLASSIFIED.  MEUW IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER.  IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT, MEUW WILL PROVIDE REASONABLE ACCOMMODATIONS TO QUALIFIED INDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES AND ENCOURAGE BOTH PROSPECTIVE AND CURRENT EMPLOYEES TO DISCUSS POTENTIAL ACCOMMODATIONS WITH MEUW MANAGEMENT WHEN NECESSARY.  Prepared   10/2013






licence-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed