Location: New York, NY  Duration: 12+ Months     Responsible for enterprise-wide middleware and application hosting technology standards, patterns and lifecycle. This includes: researching new products and changes/updates/patches for existing products – develop and define configuration, packaging and deployment standards as well as HA and DR strategies - development of product and technology patterns - testing and evaluating standards and patterns - writing comprehensive technical documentation.   Core Technologies include but not limited to:   1.WebLogic  2.Apache Web Server  3.TC Server (TomCat)  4.Coherence  5.IIS / .NET  6.Amazon Web Services   Accountabilities:   1.Author Product Design, Implementation and Support documentation  2.Provide support to the Solutions Engineering team towards designing solutions to meet project requirements  3.Develop methods to create repeatable and efficient procedures to deploy products  4.Develop frameworks and best practices for disaster recovery and high availability application design, DMZ application hosting, test environment specifications, etc that can be applied consistently to application infrastructure deployments  5.Manage the lifecycle of the full catalog of application hosting and middleware technology products   Experience:  •Significant expertise (5 to 7 years) in defining, designing and deploying global business applications with both internal and external customer focus  •Certifications in Core technologies preferred  •Significant expertise and experience in defining philosophy and principles for global engineering in middleware and application hosting technologies.  •Shell, Python, Pearl, Ruby and Powershell scripting experience to automate tasks and procedures  •Experience in Unix, Linux and Windows environments  •Self starter with desire to understand work and project objectives, not just execute  •Possesses a good understanding of IT service management  •Strong communication (oral and written) and influencing skills, with the ability to communicate new concepts, and drive change in process and behaviors.  •Significant experience with hardware and software products that provide high availability and disaster recovery functionality such as clustering and data caching and replication  •Significant experience with tuning database environments to ensure optimal performance  •Strong analytical focus, results-oriented and execution driven, with the ability to align technology developments with the generation of potential competitive business advantage.  •Ability to quickly learn and apply new technologies  •Ability to identify and elaborate enterprise-wide impact of major product technology trends.  •Has played a lead role in architecture, design and documentation of database infrastructure technologies, with SME knowledge in one or more related areas.  •Has significant experience in vendor management, communication with vendor engineering and vendor product development.  •Strong problem solving and root cause analysis skills, with the ability to identify learning opportunities, improve current processes.  •Effective communications and presentation delivery skills, especially to senior management on technology strategies and standards; able to create and maintain cross-segment relationships and foster collaboration, knowledge sharing and cooperation.   Located above Penn Station, convenient location to the Tri-state area.   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   This role is typically engaged as the highest-level technology expert on a project team. Partners with business analysts, systems analysts and engineers in requirements gathering and reviews. Responsible for analyzing and translating business, information and technical requirements into an architectural blueprint that outlines solutions to achieve business objectives. Works with enterprise architecture, application and infrastructure teams to produce an optimal, high level, conceptual design for the project. Develops enterprise level solutions that integrate across applications, systems and platforms. Proposes changes in process, policy and standards as they relate to the architecture and design principles. Researches and maintains knowledge in emerging technologies and solutions to solve business problems. Viewed as a technical expert and critical resource across multiple disciplines. Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or other related field. Or equivalent work experience. Typically has 0 - 2 years of experience in multiple IT areas and 2 to 3 years of relevant architecture and project management experience. Requires advanced to expert level knowledge and understanding of architecture, application design, systems engineering and integration.  Thanks and Regards Kenith Grace IT Solutions   XXX 






ms-or-phd-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed