Immediate Employment Opportunity!!!    Would you like to be a part of the area's leading remodeling firm? All of our work is in   Springfield, Burke, Alexandria, Arlington, Falls Church, and Washington DC.     We are seeking Labor Force Contractors with remodeling experience. We have 15+ years of stability to offer a learning environment with growth potential. Business is rising once again and this can be a lucrative opportunity for you. We have a lot of work for this season and can keep a qualified contractor busy for the entire year. The following positions are available immediately for consideration:    Skilled Sunroom and Deck Builders  Skilled Bathroom and Kitchen Remodelers  Skilled Basement Finishers  Must know all codes to complete entire job from start to finish; turnkey.     MANDATORY REQUIREMENTS: NO EXCEPTIONS    Must have valid Driver's License that isn't EXPIRED  Must have VA or DC State Contractor's License A, B or C that isn't EXPIRED  Must have LIABILITY INSURANCE that isn't EXPIRED  Must have all tools and transportation   Must be USA CITIZEN or PERMANENT RESIDENT with Social Security Number. No Exceptions.   Minimum 5 years Experience  Must have good references and be customer friendly with a good attitude.   Must work personally on all our jobs at all times. No dropping crews off and leaving jobsite.   Please respond only if you meet the above requirements.     Example of bathroom job payment: $2,000-2,200 (Labor) for a simple 7 x 5 bathroom replacement of all fixtures, vanity, toilet, floor and tub tiles along with painting the bathroom.     Example of kitchen job payment: $2,300-2,700 (Labor) for a simple 12 x 12 kitchen replacement of all cabinets, appliances, flooring, and fixtures along with painting the kitchen.     If this payment average meets your expectations then please get started by filling out our employment form at:     www.example.com. Please cut and paste the URL into your browser. We will review it ASAP and get back to you promptly. If you have questions about how we will use the information you submit in this form, please refer to our Privacy Policy on our website at www.example.com. We don't share your information with any third party vendors.     We appreciate your interest in our company and look forward to reviewing your inquiry. Due to the volume of inquiries please no phone calls. If you meet our criteria we will get back to your online request promptly.






5-plus-years-experience-needed