The Sales Account manager will work remotely from home and travel around local territory. Up to 25% additional travel may be required.    Responsibilities  • Develop effective and specific opportunity/account plans to ensure revenue target delivery and sustainable growth.  Develop relationships with new and existing customers and leverage to drive strategy through organization. This will include both prospecting and working with existing accounts   • Establish relationships based on knowledge of customer requirements and commitment to value (value of counsel and expertise, value of solutions, value of implementation expertise). Builds a foundation on which to harvest future business opportunities and accurate account information and coaching. • Actively understand each customer’s technology footprint, strategic growth plans, technology strategy and competitive landscape. Review public information (eg. New executive appointments, earnings statements, press releases) for the company and its competitors to remain updated on key industry trends and issues impacting the prospect.  • Participate in the development of designated territory, including accounts, account relationships, prospect profiling and sales cycles.   • Participate in the development and delivery of a comprehensive business case to address customer and prospect priorities and pain points.  Understand ROI data and how they support the customer’s decision process.   • Follow a disciplined approach to maintaining a rolling pipeline.  Keep pipeline current and moving up the pipeline curve. • Leveraging support organizations including Marketing, Inside sales and channels to funnel pipeline into the assigned territory. • Advance and close sales opportunities through the successful execution of the sales strategy and roadmap.  Collaborate with and support sales management on negotiation of close strategy and contracting.   • Capability to provide sales demonstration of the solution for Plant Maintenance • Understand best practice sales models.  Work actively with senior employees to develop sophistication in sales and negotiation skills. • Up sell and cross sell on customer base. • Orchestrate resources – Deploy appropriate teams to execute winning sales.   • Maintain SalesForce system with accurate customer and pipeline information. • Maximize the value of all sales support organizations.   Requirements • Bachelor’s Degree • Customer focus, results driven, excellent communication • 5+ years of experience in sales of complex business software/IT solutions • Manufacturing or Plant Maintenance experience a major plus • Proven track record in business application software sales – SAP knowledge nice to have • Self-Starter, Aggressive and works well in a Virtual Office Environment • Demonstrated success with sales campaigns in a fast-paced, consultative and competitive market






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed