Pinnacle Construction & Development Corporation is a growing commercial development and construction firm with headquarters in Charlottesville, Virginia.  We are seeking an experienced Accounts Payable Clerk who will be responsible for the day-to-day accounts payables, subcontractor interaction, vendor interaction and monthly reconciliation of invoices. The employee will work under the direction of the Controller.  The Accounts Payable Clerk job duties and responsibilities include: • Receiving, processing, verifying and reconciling invoices. • Scheduling and preparing checks. • Resolving purchase order, contract, invoice, or payment discrepancies and documentation. • Verifying vendor accounts by reconciling monthly statements and related transactions. • Maintaining financial files. • Protecting organization's value by keeping information confidential. • Updating job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities. • Accomplishing accounting and organization mission by completing related results as needed • Fill in for receptionist on a rotating basis (during lunch) and as needed  Qualifications: • Applicants must have an Associate’s Degree in Accounting or equivalent work experience. • Computer Skills: Proficiency in Advanced Microsoft Excel applications, Microsoft Word, Business Accounting Software. • Experience with Timberline preferred. • Requires ability to communicate both orally and in writing with a wide range of people. • Requires knowledge of technical and professional principles and skills of accounting and finance. • Must be reliable and detail-oriented. • Must be self-motivated, energetic and a team player. • Experienced in accounting for construction preferred.  Competitive salary and pleasant work environment.  NOTE: As a condition of employment, a satisfactory drug test and background check are required. Equal Opportunity Employer  For more information, please visit our company website www.example.com  No phone calls, please.






full-time-job associate-needed