Eventive Marketing   Position Title: Account Manager (AM)   Reports To: Director, Account Services    Position Summary: Responsible for the day-to-day project management and execution, and assists account team in providing marketing direction to the client. This position is the key contact with client and provides the highest quality work in the quickest, most cost-effective manner. The Account Manager is responsible for building and strengthening internal and client relationships, supervises daily activity of and manages development of Account Coordinator (AC) for expanding the scope of the client relationship based on opportunities observed. Approximate responsibilities include 30% client service, 30% program management, 25% program development/management, 10% mentoring, and 5% administration.  Essential Duties: Client Management Manages daily client communication, expectations and contact with clients on assigned projects. • Develop client relationships at appropriate levels. • Attend and participate in/lead client presentations. • Secures approval of agency recommendations, including plans, budgets, timetables, creative (copy, layouts, finished art) and production elements.  Account Management Lead execution of project(s) for assigned client(s). • Maintain communication with internal team members during project. • Generate all necessary paperwork; creative briefs, job change forms, timelines, estimates, project communications/conference reports and daily paperwork. • Participate in creative development and reviews to ensure that concepts and execution are on strategy and meet objectives. • Assist in procuring and managing external resources/suppliers when necessary; field staff, talent, mobile marketing suppliers, etc. • Manage executional phases of field programs and ensure that program meets agreed upon objectives and delivers/scope of work. • Ensure flawless and timely execution of specific projects. • Manage and ensure adherence to project budgets and timelines. • Maintain project files.  Strategic Participation Develops and maintains working knowledge of clients’ business, industry and marketing needs. • Works with AD in developing relevant project strategies.  Financial Management Responsible for managing project budget. • Reviews estimates developed by AC after receiving approval from AD, submits to client for approval. • Monitors project costs weekly to ensure client budgets are maintained. • Review and approve client invoices, recommends necessary billing adjustments and submits to AD for approval.  Agency/Staff Development Possess excellent people management skills. • Manages and trains Account Coordinator. • Regular and ongoing interactions with people at all levels in various agency departments such as marketing, creative, production and accounting. • Makes recommendations to AD for staffing needs and interviews candidates if appropriate. • Proficient in agency processes and procedures.  Experience: • 4-7 years agency/client brand experience. • 2-3 years relevant experience in experiential marketing program execution. • 2-3 years proven management experience of a team of 2+ employees. • Experience negotiating partnerships and developing contracts a plus.  General Skills: • Basic understanding of marketing communications and creative principles, including all elements of the marketing mix; event marketing, advertising, promotion, merchandising, PR, and relationship marketing. • Strong written and oral communication skills, organizational and leadership capabilities. • Strong attention to detail. • Displays sense of urgency by acting quickly when action or changes are necessary. • Recognizes and anticipates client and AD needs by projects and identifies resources necessary to meet them. • Proficient in managing multiple projects simultaneously. • Good problem solving skills; including communication and anticipation of issues with creative and analytical resolution.  Computer Competencies: • Proficient with MS Word, Excel, and PowerPoint software.  Education: • Minimum B.S. /B.A. • Marketing Communications or related discipline preferred.






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job