TimBar Packaging & Display is a leading manufacture of corrugated packaging.  TimBar employs nearly 1,000 people at a variety of locations throughout the eastern United States and offers a wide range of career opportunities from production to design to management. At TimBar, we've spent more than 50 years building an organization that is known for being innovative, quality driven and putting high value on its people, customers and communities.   TimBar Packaging & Display is seeking applicants for a Maintenance Technician on 2nd shift at our Oxford Division located in New Oxford, PA.   Requirements:  5 years experience in a manufacturing environment is required  Computer knowledge is a plus.  Must have knowledge in the following areas:   ● Electrical ● Power Hand Tools ● Hydraulics ● Welding and Cutting ● Air and Pneumatics ● Power Transmissions ● Trouble Shooting  DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Practice safe work habits at all times.  Demonstrate ability to parallel all rolls, make all required settings and adjustments for optimum equipment performance to manufacture quality products.  Demonstrate ability to teach other maintenance classifications in all qualification requirements and proper maintenance procedures.  Demonstrate ability to troubleshoot programmable controllers and troubleshoot and repair all A/C and D/C drives and their control systems use.  Demonstrate ability to use all aspects of the maintenance software program.  Demonstrate ability to plan and schedule maintenance work, assign work to other maintenance classifications according to their abilities and limitations.  Follow up all work in order to insure repairs and work are performed properly.  Maximize the utilization of equipment by maintaining the machinery to run at available capacity and speed.  Complete all paperwork neatly, correctly, and in accordance with Company guidelines.  Willingly work all necessary hours and shifts.  Help maintain good housekeeping in work areas.  Comply with all company policies and procedures, including safety and maintaining good housekeeping.  Additional duties may be assigned by management   TimBar is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer of choice






5-plus-years-experience-needed