OVERVIEW: Responsible for maintaining the property in a safe, attractive, comfortable condition. Assist in other types of maintenance, when necessary.  ESSENTIAL JOB DUTIES:  A. CORRECTIVE MAINTENANCE 1. Satisfies service requests per work orders, following company procedures. 2. Assists with apartment make-ready procedures including painting, cleaning carpets, windows and appliances.  Services appliances, plumbing and electrical fixtures.  Repairs or replaces old and faulty parts.  Replaces burned-out light bulbs, etc.  B. PREVENTIVE MAINTENANCE 1. Makes regular inspections of grounds, buildings, plumbing, electrical fixtures, appliances and major equipment.  Checks for appearance and cleanliness, structural cracks and excessive wear. 2. Makes repairs or replacements, as necessary and with approval of property manager.  C. EMERGENCY MAINTENANCE 1. Is on-call for emergency duty when assigned. 2. Is familiar with power, water, and gas turnoffs, clean-out traps, fire extinguishers and fire hydrants.  D. OTHER 1. Assists in maintaining inventory of tools, equipment and supplies. 2. Establish and maintain good relations with residents, prospective residents, vendors and co-workers. 3. Assist outside contractors when services are required. 4. Assists office staff in delivering correspondence to residents, when requested. 5. Picks up trash on property by assisting groundskeeper/housekeeper in maintaining cleanliness and safety of the property. 6. Reports all needed repairs to Property Manager or Regional Manager. 7. Assists with other types of maintenance when necessary and assigned by Property Manager or Regional Manager. 8. Maintains confidentiality of co-workers, management, owners, past and current residents, vendors and all outside contacts. 9. Attends all instructional classes conducted by management.  JOB QUALIFICATIONS: 1. High school graduate or equivalent. 2. Two years of full-time maintenance experience. 3. Own transportation.  REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS: 1. Own tools. 2. Ability to communicate effectively. 3. Excellent mechanical aptitude. 4. Must be able to read Work Orders/Service Requests.  5. Good safety habits. 6. Previous familiarity with electricity, plumbing, mechanical, drywall repair, carpentry and pool maintenance. ? 7. Working knowledge of HVAC systems and various appliances. ? 8. Must be team oriented and compatible with wide range of people.  PHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORK ENVIRONMENT: 1. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, stand, bend, climb, lift, push, pull, balance, stoop, kneel, crouch, crawl, reach, handle, write and operate standard office equipment and telephone. 2. The employee regularly communicates with customers and tenants. 3. The employee is frequently required to move about and reach for items. 4. The employee may occasionally lift and/or move up to 60+ pounds. 5. While performing the duties of this job, the employee will endure outside conditions, odors and possible toxic conditions.  POSITION DETAILS: 1. Minimum 40 hours per week. 2. Salary commensurate with level of experience. 3. Earned time per employee handbook. 4. Reimbursed travel expenses, with proof of insurance and valid driver’s license. 5. Participation in bonus/incentive plan for permanent full-time position. 6. Company contributes toward premium expense for medical and dental insurance for permanent full-time position. 7. Eligible for discretionary 401k employer match after one year and is fully vested after six years. 8. Life insurance for permanent full-time positions.  Please apply online by submitting a cover letter and resume with salary history through this website.






full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed salary