The successful candidate will join our internal online media marketing team and contribute on a daily basis.  Our Social Media Intern will oversee and contribute recurrent content to holistically support our customers and corporate objectives. QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE  Seeking a bachelor’s or associates degree in business, social media, advertising, marketing, graphics, web development, communications, English, IT, music, theater, anthropology, history or related. • GPA at least 3.0 • Ability to work with the industry experts in developing dynamic marketing solutions • Understands social media universe including Facebook, YouTube, Four Square, Yelp, Flickr, Forums, Twitter, Wikis, blogs, etc… • Passionate about Social Media (interested in doing it for yourself too!) • Friendly and conversational • Must be detail oriented team player and technologically savvy.  • Is eager to learn and gain valuable real-world experience • Has excellent verbal and written communication skills and an ability to work individually on a project or in a team environment • Excels at research, possesses excellent writing skills and the ability to crank editorial and technical writing output without brooding. • Brings to the position outstanding organizational skills and the ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously while meeting deadlines • Has experience or training in advertising, PR, online marketing or similar field preferred but not required • Proficient with Microsoft Office products.  • Dedicated to blogging and use of Facebook  • Demonstrated creativity and documented immersion in social media (really send the links) • Ability to jump from the creative side to analytical side, able to demonstrate why their ideas are analytically sound. • Discretion to identify threats and opportunities in user generated content ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES • Write blog entries, tweets, email newsletters, online review responses, etc. • Interact with our customers to align unselfish service of their needs, with our corporate objectives • Be the eyes and ears of our brand as if your own reputation depended on it  • Build and maintain our content distribution network by way of social media channels WORK HOURS: 10 – 20 hours per week, unless you have more time then that! (Schedule is flexible, but most days will require a minimum of 2 hours, to keep the communications constant within timeframe of:  9am – 5 pm) (Minimum 3-month commitment, but longer if you’d like) BENEFITS: • This is a partially paid and unpaid part-time internship. • Intern will work at our office on his/her own computer • Opportunities for increased responsibility, including writing, and creating • Learn about online marketing , social media, and online reviews from someone knowledgeable  • Learn about establishing new marketing campaigns using cutting edge solutions






hourly-wage part-time-job bs-degree-needed