Summary Statement  The Housekeeper is responsible for monitoring, cleaning and maintain the cleanliness, sanitation and organization of assigned guest rooms in line with the hotel’s standards.   Primary Duties  1. Load and organize housekeeping carts.  2. Transport cart with cleaning supplies, amenities and linens to assigned guest room and position securely. Store carts in the utility closets when finished.   3. Clean and service guest rooms by category priority.  4. Use correct cleaning chemicals for designated surfaces according to OSHA regulations and hotel requirements.  5. Service assigned guest rooms as follows.  6. Clean bathroom, including the shower curtain, walls, mirrors, tub, toilet, and floor.  7. Place standard amenity items in bathroom area and around the room. Vacuums carpet.  8. Empty trash containers and ashtrays.  9. Remove all soiled towels and replace with clean par to designated layout.  10. Remove soil, dirt, soap build-up and hair from bathroom mirrors, vanity, sink, toilet, shower walls, bathtub, shower curtain and floor.  11. Replace facial, toilet tissue and bathroom amenities in correct amount and location.  12. Remove dirty bed linen. Change linens, in accordance with the sheet changing policy, and make the bed(s) properly daily.  13. Clean closets and door tracks on check-out rooms, removing dust and debris.  14. Ensure correct amount and placement of hangers, extra blanket/pillow and luggage rack.  15. Dust and polish all furniture.  16. Realign furniture to floor plan.  17. Open all drawers/doors in checkout rooms and remove items left by guest.  18. Check under bed(s), chairs and sofa for debris and remove if present.  19. Inspect condition of all furniture for tears, rips or stains; report any damages to the supervisor.  20. Remove all dust, debris and foreign particles from upholstered furniture including crevices and under cushions.  21. Dust pictures, frames and mirrors.  22. Remove dust and debris on television, VCR, clock radio, remote control and cable box.  23. Set correct time on clock; correct TV channel; correct movie rental insert.  24. Clean all lamps and light switches; check for proper working order.  25. Remove dust, spots and smears from windows, ledges and frames.  26. Remove dust, grease and smears from telephones and re-position properly.  27. Empty liquid from ice bucket and wipe all surfaces dry. Replace with clean ice bucket.  28. Remove dust, smudges and spills from mini bar; ensure it is plugged in and securely locked.  29. Realign to correct position daily. Dust drapes weekly.  30. Clean refrigerator and microwave.  31. Inspect condition of amenities in desk, drawers and guest service directory; replace designated amounts at proper locations within the room.  32. Remove trash, debris and cobwebs from balcony/patio.  33. Remove dust, dirt, marks and fingerprints from entrance door(s).  34. Ensure presence of fire safety, rate cards and ‘DND’ sign. Inspect condition and replace as needed.  35. Remove dust, dirt and smudges from A/C unit, vents, grids and thermostat.  36. Remove dust, stains and marks from all baseboards, ledges and corners.  37. Vacuum carpet in guest room.  38. Spray room with deodorizer.  39. Update status of rooms cleaned on assignment sheet.  40. Return and restock cart at end of shift.  41. Empty vacuum bag and wipe vacuum clean.  42. Ensure security of any assigned guest room keys.  43. Report any noted damages or maintenance problems to the supervisor.   44. Turn over any lost and found items from guest rooms to the supervisor. Make up cribs and roll-away beds. Re-hang and refold guest clothing (if applicable). Stock cleaning supply caddies.  Knowledge and Skills  • Good command of the English language.   • *Experience in some cleaning/housekeeping capacity required *  • Ability to provide excellent customer service and maintain a professional demeanor.   • Ability to: perform job functions with attention to detail, speed and accuracy according to established priorities.  • Ability to organize workflow in an orderly manner.  • Be a clear thinker, remaining calm and resolving problems using good judgment.  • Ability and willingness to follow directions thoroughly, understand guest-service needs, work cohesively with co-workers as part of a team, work with minimal supervision, and maintain confidentiality of guest information and pertinent hotel data.   • Previous experience in hospitality industry, preferably housekeeping.  • High school diploma preferred.






