Expert Assistance in Regulations/Standards for Offshore Oil and Gas Operations    Manhattan Strategy Group (MSG) is a boutique management consulting firm dedicated to helping commercial and federal agencies achieve and sustain performance excellence. MSG delivers solutions in the areas of research and evaluation, organizational improvement, training and technical assistance, and program support.    We are seeking a petroleum engineering consultant to provide expert assistance to federal agencies in the areas of regulations and standards pertaining to offshore oil and gas operations. This will be accomplished by attending domestic and potentially international organizations’ standards development committee meetings and act as an observer for our client, including attend in person or via teleconference, international and domestic standards meetings and workshops. The work  will also entail review of standards documents currently under development/review, and provide recommendations for client to incorporate by reference into its oil and gas industry regulations.   Key Responsibilities:   The position will entail conducting comprehensive comparison and analysis of standards documents currently under development/review, or recently revised versions of previous editions of standards documents.    Attend meetings of Standards development organizations to include:  a.Take detailed notes at domestic or international meetings and provide input to client. b. Evaluate meeting documents and determine areas or issues of potential interest to federal     regulations and standards programs. Identify sections or issues in standards documents that may need further review .  c. Provide monthly highlights of meeting document(s) to include discussion of changes, modifications, or new additions made to standards documents which may affect federal regulations or interpretation of the regulations. d. Make suggestions to client as needed, regarding potential differences in new or revised industry standards document(s). Identify potential reasons for our federal client’s consideration for incorporating an entire document, specific section(s) of the document, the document with additional stipulations or not incorporating the document at all. e. Provide a draft and final year-end report to of all activates, recommendations and documentation.  Monthly Status Reports • Prepare and submit monthly status reports on all project activities within the scope of work.  Quarterly On-Site Meetings • Conduct quarterly update in-person meetings to include a discussion of all meetings attended, analysis of reports, and recommendations.  Key Qualifications:  • Thorough knowledge, skill sets and understanding of domestic and international engineering standards (development processes, trade laws and licensing) for offshore oil and gas operations in the following areas: a. Domestic engineering standards documents currently incorporated into the regulations and new documents under development or consideration for development by standard-setting organizations that may have an impact on federal regulations. b. International engineering standards documents as prescribed by Standards Development Organizations (SDO) such as Oil and Gas Producers Association (OGP), American Petroleum Institute (API), International Organization for Standards (ISO), Center for Offshore Safety (COS) and the Norwegian and United Kingdom bodies. c. Have general knowledge of statues and regulations, including BSEE regulations in 30 CFR Part 250 that affect the oil and gas industry and offshore energy development activities.  • Ability to convey complex technical issues effectively and efficiently to a broad range of readers who may not have direct knowledge of technical issues.  • Experience attending and or serving in standards development committee(s) in the oil and gas sector.  • Strong analytical, writing and editorial skills.  • Cross-cultural and professional communications skills   • Degree in Petroleum Engineering; 5+ years of work experience in the oil and gas industry  • Foreign language skills a plus  This position requires a 75%+ time commitment annually and travel is expected.    Manhattan Strategy an Equal Employment Opportunity company provides, to fulltime employees:  Competitive Salary   Paid Vacation, Holiday and Sick Leave   Health Insurance Plan  401K Plan  Send resume and cover letter highlighting relevant experience.






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job bs-degree-needed salary