RESPONSIBILITIES:  SUMMARY: Oversees stores areas of food service (proprietary and/or QSR) and Dispensed Beverages programs and projects, vendor relations, store execution and training, and employee development as it relates to training. Ensures the overall food service conditions comply with GPM and government health standards including: cleaning, customer service, and merchandising, expense control, and quality of products, thereby maximizing operations profits. Coordinates food and beverage activities by performing the following duties personally or through subordinates supervisors:  RELOCATION EXPENSES WILLNOT BE OFFERED.  ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following. Other duties my be assigned.  -Ensures food and beverage sales and profits are maximized by monitoring Deli/QSR conditions, in-stock efficiency, pricing, promotions, POS, food quality, food costs, sanitation standards and customer service. -Primary educator and resource person for the District Managers, Store Managers, Deli and Branded QSR Managers in the food service, dispensed beverage and franchise food categories. -Trains, coaches and confers with food preparation and other personnel to implememt programs, menus, recipes and other activities related to food operations. -Trains, coaches, and inspects food, food preparation and equipment to maintain quality standards, and sanitation regulations. -Ensures all locations are maintained in compliance with Corporate and QSR standards and guidelines. -Visits all food locations within the region at least once per month. -Provides visit recaps signed by the store manager, food service manager and/or QSR manager. -Conducts quarterly Foodservice/Beverage/QSR compliance checklist with District Manager. -Investigates and helps resolve food quality and customer service comments/concerns/complaints. -Provides weekly and monthly reports for inventory over/short, waste and food costs. -Trains and implements new programs designed for proprietary delis, dispensed beverages and branded QSR's. - Develops training procedures and updates manuals as needed. -Provides merchandising and plan-o-gram support. -Develops and aids in implementation of grassroots advertising tactics. -Ensures proper staffing and training of personnel in all stores within assigned region. -Provides recommendations to Director of Food and Beverage based on financial and industry data. -Teaches Food Service, Dispensed Beverage and Serv-Safe classes. Ensures Serv-Safe certificates stay current for all employees in their region. -Will assist in the screening and interviewing process for new food service employees and provide input for succession planning. -Builds and maintains positive working relationships with local franchise consultants and health agencies. -Ensures all Health Department/QSR inspection issues are addressed by following up with other departments within the company. -Provides monthly recap/scorecard on all inspections. -Conduct meetings (as deemed necessary) with Deli Mangers to ensure consistent and clear communications as well as ongoing education. -Participate in local franchise meetings as needed. -Attends and participates in monthly/bi-monthly Operational sales meetings. -Other assigned duties as it relates to food service, dispensed beverages and Branded QSR's.  SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES: -This position has no direct reports  QUALIFICATIONS: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  REQUIREMENTS/SKILLS:  -Food Service experience is a must -Serv-Safe Certified, Instructor and Proctor (instructor/proctor status can occur after in position) -QSR certified trainer (can occur after in position) -Favorable performance review -Access to a car or other motorized vehicle with liability insurance on such vehicle -Strong Excel and Word skills. Power Point skills a plus -Detail oriented with good organizational and problem solving skills -Strong PDI accounting software experience -Some localized and limited overnight travel, as needed -Great communication skills both orally and written -Ability to interact with management and staff at all levels  EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE:  -Operations background and Multi unit experience required -Demonstrated ability to train and implement programs -High School diploma or above  PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accomodations my be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  -Ability ot lift 40lb food containers  WORK ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  -Working one on one in delis and branded QSR's performing training, researching, and mentoring. -Some office work preparing reports and other assignments as so directed.






supervising-job full-time-job