Immediate opening for a Sales Desk EDU Manager working on-site at Microsoft.  This role will interface with Field Sales, Technology Specialists, Solution Specialists, and a Proposal Writing Team.  The Sales Desk delivers innovative and trusted world class services that enable our Sales Organization to develop long term customer relationships and maximize revenue attainment. We assist account teams across SMSG (EPG, PS, CA, SMSP, Services) build winning, value-based proposals (Enterprise Agreement Proposals, Unsolicited Proposals and RFx’s, integrating software and services).  Job Responsibilities: The Sales Desk EDU RFP Manager responsibilities include and are not limited to: • Lead planning sessions with Account Teams to develop effective, highly-customized customer-focused RFPs and Proposals that are in alignment with the customer’s key business initiatives/priorities/requirements, and speaks to Microsoft capabilities, differentiators, and win themes • Establish strong alignment and subject matter expertise (SME) to FY14 EDU Plan, Priorities and Scorecard metrics, across OS, Apps, Cloud and Devices. Drive business development activities with both WW segments (EPG, SMSP, Services …) and Business Groups • Coordinate with Sales Desk Knowledge Center to develop proposal and RFP content strategy and plans • As virtual manager of a team of Proposal Writers, you will be directly responsible for developing your team through coaching, mentoring, and career development  Required Qualifications: • 7+ years of experience with project management, consulting, and/or sales.  • 5+ years of experience with the Education sector • Leadership Skills: Demonstrated leadership skills, positive attitude and abilty to motivate others, able and willing to face challenges, delegate and provide direction to others; drive discussions with account teams to establish the structure and strategy for the proposal and translate complicated ideas • Communication & Interpersonal Skills: Demonstrates strong verbal and written communication skills. Effectively engages with others and establishes trust, credibility, and confidence. • Collaborative: Ability to collaborate and work as a team; dynamic interpersonal skills to interact at all levels of management/stakeholders and serve as leader/coach/mentor to team • Initiative: Flexible to work in a changing environment with high stress and tight deadlines; ability to successfully execute many complex tasks simultaneously, maintain professional attitude, and work as a team member, as well as independently • Technical: 200 level proficiency of Microsoft’s key solutions across Core Infrastructure, Business Productivity, and Application Platform • Other: As the Education sector SME, candidate must have a deep knowledge and understanding of the Education sector. Ability to work flexible hours as needed, in order to meet stakeholder and customer deadlines world wide and meet with Sales Desk team members globally. Additionally, demonstrated track record of writing winning proposals and ability to attract new business opportunities is highly desired. • Master’s Degree in Business preferred.






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed ms-or-phd-needed