The Desktop Software Analyst is responsible for tier 1 and 2 desk side support of all desktop software, operating system, and remote access issues escalated from the help desk. Major responsibilities include: Provide direct hands on support to users who are experiencing desktop operating system, connectivity and application issues; perform hardware diagnostics and coordinate repairs; participate in planning, scheduling, and executing computer equipment installations, upgrades and replacement projects. The Desktop Specialist will manage and maintain the laptop loaner pool; responsible for all new hire setups, departures and changes; conference room setups; and escalate issues to appropriate senior individuals in IT.  Key Responsibilities:  • Maintains and addresses issues in the SharePoint Help Desk Queues. • Escalates problems to the Systems Administrator or IT Director when needed. • Ensures users in the network stay up and running by troubleshooting and fixing problems with their hardware or software. • Answers user questions about technology in the company. • Monitors for and prevents unauthorized software from operating on the network. • Creates and manages user accounts in active directory, mailboxes and distribution lists in Microsoft Exchange, badges on the access card system, and phone extensions in Avaya IP Office. • Images and Deploys laptops when needed. • Sets up and trains new users with laptop or dumb terminals, access cards, and office phone. • Maintains the IT department inventory. • Manages the purchase order book for the IT department. • Researches and recommends software, hardware, and system choices to improve the organization • Performs On Premise Monthly Maintenance (patches, reboots etc) • Assist IT Director and System Administrator with other duties when required.  Experience:  • 1-3 years of desktop software support and experience in a professional environment. • Resource Kit level knowledge of Windows 2008, Windows 2003, Windows 7 and Mac.  • Ability to work independently without intensive oversight - must be a go-getter and take initiative on a regular basis finding ways to avoid problems proactively rather than just fixing them after the fact)  • Strong understanding of the Microsoft Windows operating system and Microsoft office. • Understanding of Microsoft's Active Directory technology, the windows registry.






1-year-experience-needed supervising-job