COMPANY Automated Control Technology Partners, Inc., recently located in Orlando, Florida, is a worldwide leader in providing a wide range of building automation solutions for distributed digital entertainment and automated control of lighting, climate, security and other systems. ACTP is the parent company for several building automation and control brands. Founded on the guiding principle of “Outside In” design, where the user experience drives the technology, ACTP is bringing to market brands that redefine building automation and control, delivering innovative solutions built with the end-user experience at the forefront of all activities. ACTP’s award winning mix of design, reliability, scalability and affordability has resulted in remarkable growth for the company. ACTP is always seeking the best and the brightest to contribute to the technology portfolio.    JOB DESCRIPTION The successful candidate in this position must be experienced in the design, development, and deployment of real-time software for communication with and control of networked systems.  Candidates must have experience with IP network, wireless networks, and serial communications.  In addition, experience with application software development for Linux environments is required. RESPONSIBILITIES • Design software solutions for requirements by collaborating with development teams, product managers, and Sales managers • Complete development projects on schedule • Work with test engineers to develop verification/validation plans, and procedures. Analyze verification data at all levels of integration and certify the results • Verify the incorporation of the final system into its operational environment and defined external interfaces • Architectural analysis and system level design DESIRED SKILLS & EXPERIENCE The ideal candidate will be a dynamic professional with a passion for setting high standards and for working in a fast-paced growing technology business.   • Bachelor's degree in a related field and 5+ years’ experience as a software engineer • C/C++ programming experience for Linux • Experience developing well-behaved efficient multi-threaded, and multi-process software applications • Understanding of distributed control architectures • Strong communication and documentation skills • Excellent written and verbal communication skills  Automated Control Technology Partners, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, gender, age, veteran status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status or disability (in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act) with respect to employment opportunities.






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed