Accounting Intern     Assist with all accounting activities including accounts receivable, accounts payable, financial reporting, collections, budgeting, and general accounting related activities.       Essential Functions:  • Assist with the monthly close process, including preparing lead schedules, supporting schedules and generating reports for senior management.  • Assist with the data entry and updates to the Microsoft Dynamics Solomon system including the input of journal entries.  • Assist with the Monthly Revenue Analysis for physicians and physicians office locations.  • Assist with review of Accounts Payable invoices daily.  • Assist with third party invoicing and accounts receivable/collections.  • Assist with daily cash forecast, letters of credit, accounts receivable, loans payable and other balance sheet account reconciliations.  • Assist with monthly Revenue and Expense analysis.  • Assist with all accounting projects and assignments as designated. The Companies year-end is 8/31/2014, with need to be ready for a certified audit.     Non-Essential Functions:  • Perform other duties as assigned.  • Project a positive image of the medical practice to all doctors or outsiders with whom this position has contact.  • Perform day to day requests and special projects as directed by the VP, Regional Controller and Office personnel.     Requirements and Qualifications:  • Currently working towards a BBA Degree in Accounting.  • Excellent interpersonal, analytical and problem solving ability.  • Sound verbal and written communication skills.  • Ability to work independently, as well as part of a team.  • Ability to interact with co-workers in an articulate, courteous, and business-like manner at all times.  • A working knowledge of Excel, Microsoft Word, Outlook and Microsoft Dynamics-Solomon and Paychex or similar software packages.  • Must be able to work 40 hours a week during the summer , with the possibility of PT work after the summer.  • Must be a junior in accounting with the credits and ambition to become a CPA.  Others need not apply.  • Must be from the Providence, RI area.






associate-needed