Summary of Quality Manufacturing Engineer, Snowmobiles:  The successful candidate will be responsible to design, evaluate and implement quality assurance principals as they relate to process sampling systems, quality system procedures, statistical techniques to assure process capability, and internal quality practices.   They will also serve as additional manufacturing engineering support for assigned department for specific projects and activities.   Successful candidate will be a leader for Lean/Sigma efforts and champion MDI corrective actions.   Essential Duties and Responsibilities of Quality Manufacturing Engineer, Snowmobiles: 1. Document data-Assist in the development and maintenance of the document and data collection systems for Arctic Cat Production.  Develop and write those standard procedures applicable to the systems developed.  2. Quality Audits-Participate in quality audits that can include Internal Quality system/process audits. 3. MDI- Leader of  Corrective Actions required from MDI process 4. Production and Efficiency-Seeks and makes recommendations for ways to improve product and process capability based on the companies  metrics. 5. Performs quality engineering reviews of design documentation for compliance with stated requirements, including internal processes and company quality records.   Reviews and approves Standard Work/Process instructions for assigned department 6. Applies Six Sigma methods for analyzing data to evaluate current processes as well as the results of process changes. 7. Plan and organize projects-A key member of the team in using company and supplier data to implement continuous improvement projects. 8. Problem Solving-A disciplined problem solver utilizing scientific problem solving methods to include but not limited to: Taguchi methods, Design of Experiments (DOE) SPC, FMEA, 5 Whys, PDCA etc. 9. Technical Support-Provides technical support and information cross-functionally within Arctic Cat and with suppliers and customers.   10. Continuing Educations-Preserves professional and technical competence by pursuing related continuing education. 11. Maintains a working knowledge of government and industry related quality assurance codes and standards. 12. Will support Manufacturing Engineering projects and activities as a partner  for area manager and manufacturing engineer  Qualifications of Quality Manufacturing Engineer, Snowmobiles:   To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.  The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. 1. Communication Skills-Ability to communicate (verbal/written) effectively with customers, suppliers and employees. 2. Demonstrated understanding of Quality tools to include but not limited to, SPC, Capability Analysis (Cp, CpK, PpK), Gage R & R,  metrology tools and techniques, FMEA, etc. 3. Demonstrated ability to work in a cooperative and team oriented environment.  4. Demonstrated ability to work and make decisions independently and lead others to the completion of assigned tasks. 5. A thorough working knowledge of Lean/Six Sigma tools.  Demonstrated implementation with results of using the Lean/Six Sigma approach. 6. Demonstrated knowledge of blue print reading to include geometric dimensioning and tolerances (GD & T).    Education and/or Experience of Quality Manufacturing Engineer, Snowmobiles: 1. BS or BA degree Mechanical, Industrial Manufacturing Engineering, Quality or other technically related field. 2. Demonstrated understanding of geometric tolerances, tolerance stacks and blue print reading ability. 3. Demonstrated knowledge of ISO-QS9001 Quality Management Systems and related tools including APQP, PPAP, control planning and failure modes and effects analysis. 4. Thorough knowledge of Lean Six Sigma Tools  5. Demonstrated knowledge and experience applying disciplined problem solving methods utilizing statistical and scientific problem solving tools. 6. Demonstrated thorough knowledge of what makes up a working quality system as well as the ability to clearly generate standard operating procedures, work instructions as well as reports. 7. Demonstrated strong communication skills both written and verbal. 8. Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to establish positive working relationships with manufacturing, design, materials, suppliers and management. 9. American Society for Quality Certifications: Certified Quality Auditor, Engineer, Mechanical Inspector, and Technician a plus.  Benefits Include: • Health & dental insurance • Life Insurance • Disability Insurance • 401(k) with employer match • Profit Sharing Bonus Plan • Paid vacations & holidays • Paid weekly • Sick Pay • Rebate/Discount Program • Discount at Company Store/Special Services • Educational Reimbursement






bs-degree-needed full-time-job salary