Description:  SCC is busier than ever, and we are currently building over $11M in new construction inventory this year and with more remodels than we can count! We need more motivated, hands on leaders to join our team to help us make these projects successful!   Ideal Candidates:  Proficient at all aspects of retail and investment property construction and trades, practices, procedures, techniques, tools and equipment, materials, specifications, quality control, cost control, and safety and applicable building codes. A craftsman with extensive skill and experience level, able to manage job sites with multiple employees and trade contractors. Candidate will join a team focusing on supporting our retail remodels and investment property clientele on construction services for interior/exterior remodels, flips, single family residence building, and Commercial Tenant Improvement.  Responsibilities * Must be proficient and responsive with Emails * Reading and interpretation of plans * Project Owner Consultations * Owner Estimates * Sub Contractor Estimate Meetings * Material takeoffs * Layout * All phases of carpentry required to construct a SFR * Structural Framing, drywall, tape, and texture * Siding, Deck Building, Roofing, Windows * Painting and finishing * Flooring including VCT, carpet tile, hard wood, laminated and engineered wood * Millwork, Interior/Exterior Door installation, case work and trim Interpersonal and Communications Skills Able to clearly explain steps, provide clear directions, and answer questions about construction processes to employees and subcontractors. Adept at establishing relationships with all parties involved in the construction process that facilitate harmonious working relationships during project, and permit prompt resolution of problems and conflicts as they occur.  Organizational Skills Able to organize progress of multiple employees and trade contractors on a single jobsite. Able to quickly identify potential schedule conflicts and generate and implement needed modifications. Able to complete and fulfill paperwork required for purchase orders, and time sheets.  Problem Solving Job requires that alternative solutions be quickly generated to resolve scheduling conflicts, project delays, and design modifications.  Experience Minimum of five years in all phases of residential or commercial construction. Supervisory experience a plus.  Education Education - High School Graduate. Construction and trade certifications a plus. Must be proficient at basic computer skills (Outlook, Excel etc.) and the use of technology such as smart phones. We have systems in place here that make the job much easier if you possess modern computing skill sets and can pass information to and from the office efficiently.  Physical Job requires ability to perform tasks on all areas and aspects of construction project. Requires ability to climb ladders for heights of up to 30 feet, and crawl for distances of 50 feet. Job requires ability to work with tools, lumber and materials. Ability to lift and manipulate objects of up to 80 lbs for 50 feet is required.  Qualitative and Other Attributes Required:  Ability to plan and organize a team effort. Good client management and goodwill building ability. Capacity to motivate, lead and boost morale of the team. Effective time management and logical decision-making ability. Capacity to handle pressure. Willingness to travel extensively across the construction sites. Strong focus on quality.  PLEASE DO NOT APPLY IF YOUR ARE JUST STARTING OUT AND ARE A NOVICE, OR IF YOU ARE STRICTLY MANAGEMENT. THIS IS A FULL TIME BAGS ON POSITION TO PERFORM PHYSICAL LABOR AS WELL AS MANAGE INDIVIDUAL PROJECTS. WE EXPECT OUR FOREMEN TO BE FULLY VERSED IN ALL REQUIREMENTS OF THE JOB AND FULLY WILLING TO PERFORM THE DUTIES REQUIRED OF A SUPERVISOR AND LEAD CARPENTER INDEPENDENTLY.  PAY WILL BE BASED ON EXPERIENCE ONCE WE REVIEW RESUMES - AVG. $50K/YR






salary 5-plus-years-experience-needed