Do you like being the \"go to\" person?  If you want to be part of a great company, good people and like quality control, this could be a fit for you.    This is a solid, stable growing company with owners who are good people who care about their employees.  They have great jobs all around the city and expect an outstanding year for 2012.    COMPANY:    *Mechanical contracting and service for over 75 years.  *Strong reputation in the power industry, serving municipalties, complex industrial facility projects and private company commercial work.  *Owners care about their employees  *Reward top performers  *Provide Excellent Employee benefits. . . best in the industry!    POSITION:    To ensure the highest level of quality and compliance with ASME codes and ANSI standards, our client is adding this PERMANENT role.  Compliance processes are already in place, but responsibilities are spread among various employees and need consolidation and organization of responsibilities to take this quality function to the \"next level.\" The successful candidate will take on full responsibility and continue improving the quality process.    QUALIFICATIONS:    Successful candidate will pull in pieces of the quality control function from multiple people and centralize the function.  This individual will be the lead QC person and will work with the operations team to ensure compliance with all ASME code stamps and standards.    *7-10 Years Experience with ASME code compliance and ANSI standards and   *Degree is helpful but not required  *Employment history showing progressive moves  *Strong verbal and written communication  *Ability to travel around the city.  *Experience with boilers, refinery and/or power generation helpful.    ABOUT DK COLE:    DK Cole Company is a privately held search firm in the Western suburbs that specializes in placing managers in the construction industry.  We operate with the highest level of ethics and represent solid employers and top talent.  Please note, we only have time and resources to contact those who appear qualified for this position, but we will move quickly to pursue those who are qualitifed and get them in front of our client.  Thanks for your interest.






5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job