ABOUT OUR COMPANY We're not just another home improvement contractor; we have a reputation of the best products and workmanship in the community. We target market high disposable income property owners who want the best and have the money to buy now. In other words, you won't be just another salesperson selling home improvement -- you will be selling premium products to an upscale market.  What makes us unique in the industry is that the homeowner is cared for every step of the way. From our friendly and helpful administration / customer care team to the expert installation from our production team, we demand that our customers receive the highest level of service, integrity and quality. Since many homeowners lead busy lives, you may need to go on evening and Saturday morning appointments.  PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES NEEDED FOR SUCCESS • Customer focused. • Coachable -- trainable. • Competitive and ambitious. • Results oriented -- goal driven. • Able to relate to different personality styles. • Responsible and accountable for results. • Capable of handling multiple jobs simultaneously. • Works successfully without requiring close supervision.  WHAT WE HAVE TO OFFER YOU • A respected, award winning company. • A Professional and team-oriented work environment. • High commission rates. • Bonus program. • In-house sales training. • Excellent support staff. • A \"fair and square\" manager committed to your success.  REQUIREMENTS • A verifiable track record for producing sales results. • Professional appearance and demeanor. • Computer skills -- MS Office • College degree preferred. • Pass a drug and reference check. • Must be able to lift 50 pounds  COMPENSATION Expect to earn 75K minimum your first year and 150K minimum the following year depending on skills. Health, dental benefits with 401K program.  SUMMARY If after reading this ad you can honestly say \"that's me,\" then we invite you to submit your resume ASAP. Every qualified submission will be given the careful consideration it deserves by the owner of the company. To arrange a confidential interview, email resume with cover letter.  KEYWORDS Sales representatives, sales consultants, consultative sales, project consultant, remodeling sales, restoration sales, construction sales, home improvement sales.






salary