77SPARX Studio was founded in 2012 by parents who saw a need for quality kid’s games and “digital toys” for iOS and Android devices. At 77SPARX Studio, we envision a future where smart mobile devices are an integral part of every child’s life, and we are creating quality kid’s products to meet that vision.  We have built award-winning products that are not only popular with kids and parents alike, but also help kids develop core skills. Our products have been played by over 2 million kids all over the world! Check out Puzzingo on the Apple and Google Play stores and see for yourself.   JOB DESCRIPTION:  We are looking for an extraordinary 2D digital artist who has a passion for making great games and digital toys for kids. As a 2D digital artist, you will have a hand in redefining the way an entire generation of children play. Your primary responsibility is to deliver well-composited scenes and short, symbol-based animations that are a joy for kids to play with. In addition, you will assist in all aspects of development from ideation, conception, testing, to edits.   If you are someone who likes kid’s games, or if you are someone who is excited to create something that kids all around the world will wake up in the morning and ask for, then this is for you!   This is a three-month contract position with the possibility for extension or full-time hire in the future.  QUALIFICATIONS:  Has a passion for making kids around the world smile  • Has an eye for kid’s art, cartoons, animations, and gaming  • Thorough understanding of 2 and 3 point perspective as well as character anatomy.   • Has a solid background and experience in children’s media, illustration, and animation (storyboarding a plus).  • Experience using vector-based illustration and 2D animation tools.  • Enjoys a fast-paced, challenging, and entrepreneurial environment  • Experience with the Adobe Creative Suite and/or Adobe Creative Cloud; specifically Illustrator, Flash & Photoshop.  • Has experience delivering commercial-quality visuals (Have an app? A cartoon? A website? Tell us about it!)  This is a great opportunity for you to get in on the ground floor of the emerging world of mobile gaming for kids – an industry that is exploding. Besides, wouldn’t it be amazing to tell your friends – “Yes, I built the app that your kid is playing!” There is really nothing more gratifying than seeing the smile on kids’ faces that came from playing your app.   TO APPLY: If interested please contact us. Please include your resume and portfolio.   Note: 77SPARX Studio is not accepting agency/search firm referrals for this posting or other job postings. 77SPARX Studio is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.  To see a list of all openings, please visit: www.example.com






