Are you ready to show off your \"Super Star\" abilities? Do you desire to work in a fun, positive and encouraging work environment? Are you interested in career advancement? If you're nodding your head yes at this very moment, then you should consider this as an awesome opportunity to make your dreams come true!   Our Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Practice is looking for a medical biller/coder and referral coordinator to join our team. Our office is a multi-specialty medical practice, which includes: Chiropractors, MDs, Physiatrists, Personal Trainers, ARNPs, LMTs and other Therapists. Can you envision yourself being a part of this amazing team? Yes, you say?  Well then... If you are an energetic team player who is excited to show us your talent, please drop everything that you're doing and promptly apply!   We are looking for a talented medical biller to join our team. The Certified Medical Coder is responsible to review, analyze and code diagnostic and procedural information that determines Medicare, Medicaid and private insurance payments. The Certified Medical Coder ensures compliance with established coding guidelines, third party reimbursement policies, regulations and accreditation guidelines.  Analyzes and interprets patient medical records within an area of medical/clinical specialty in order to determine amount and nature of billable services. Assures the final diagnoses and operative procedures as stated by the providers are valid and complete.  Analyzes medical records for completeness and validity of documentation and contacts providers  for clarification for any incomplete/ambiguous or conflicting documentation. Monitors billing performances to ensure optimal reimbursement while adhering to regulations. Communicates and works cooperatively with the medical providers, billers and other healthcare professionals on follow-up and resolution of coding related denials and rejections. Performs audits and analyses of payer denials; provides information on compliance issues arising from audits and formulates recommendations to providers regarding improved documentation practices to avoid future claims denials.  Qualifications:  *At least 1 year coding experience in a clinic, group practice or equivalent. *Proficiency across a wide range of medical/multispecialty services as it relates to ICD-9, CPT and HCPCS code sets. Federally Qualified Health Center coding/billing experiences a plus. ICD-10 a plus *Knowledge of third party and Medicare/Medicaid requirement and other fiscal intermediary guidelines.  Enthusiastic super stars welcome...






1-year-experience-needed