PLEASE ONLY RESPOND TO THIS POSITION IF YOU HAVE: • Experience in a test, measurement, embedded control or DAQ related field • BSEE/CS/Physics or equivalent expertise  Requirements: • 5+ years of sales experience • Previous sales management experience • Strong written and verbal communication skills • Detail oriented and a self-starter • Willingness to travel up to 50%  Desirable: • Strong technical background, hands-on experience with control systems • Experience in selling to military and aerospace customers • Experience working with and/or for manufacturer's representative  UEI is a rapidly growing manufacturer of computer-based measurement and control (I/O) products. To support our growth we need a results oriented area sales manager. You will be responsible for all the sales activities in your area and report to the Director of US Sales. If you have a solid technical background and a strong drive to succeed, we're looking for you.  Primary Duties: • Manage the Rep organization and add/replace Reps as required. • Identify, manage and close opportunities with key accounts. • Travel with the Rep network on key sales calls. • Coordinate the sales efforts of the Rep organizations with our inside applications/sales group. • Coordinate joint sales calls of our applications engineers and our Reps. • Forecast sales on a monthly basis for the territory. • Ultimately, drive the performance of our outside sales representatives. • Foster a system integrator program in your territory.  Territory: • ¼ of the US, area TBD  Compensation We offer highly competitive compensation commensurate with experience. The package includes health, dental, 401k (with company match) and tuition reimbursement benefits. UEI is an equal opportunity employer. No relocation compensation is available for this position. For more information about UEI, please visit www.example.com.  To Apply: Please send your resume and cover letter. No phone calls please. UEI does not use agencies






5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job