North American Dental Group (NADG) is one of the nation’s leading dental service organizations, providing affordable services from basic comprehensive care, to orthodontics and oral surgery, all under one roof and at a location close to you.  We accept most dental insurance plans, and have flexible financing and payment options.  Our goal is to make going to the dentist convenient with offices across Ohio and Pennsylvania. We have great dentists, the most amazing team, and state-of-the-art dental technology; making Refresh Dental the best option for healthier teeth and a happier you!  We currently have an Healthcare Manager opportunity in our Kent office.  In this position, you will oversee the daily operations of the dental office by managing employee relations, patient relations, and achieving operational goals. You will also be responsible for office profit & loss by managing patient scheduling, staff productivity, collections and receivables, and miscellaneous operations expenses. Administrative tasks such as financial report review, revenue posting, and staff payroll are a part of the operational responsibilities.   The primary focus of this position will be to: • Achieves revenue goals by effectively managing patient scheduling, staff productivity,   collections and receivables, specialty referral process, and miscellaneous operations expenses.  • Manages office within budget guidelines to include clerical and auxiliary supply purchases, equipment upgrades, labs and labor costs.  • Increases and stimulates new patient growth by supporting sales, marketing and promotional programs. • Directly supervises office teams and proactively manages their performance and development including but not limited to performance feedback, appraisals, and corrective actions. • Communicates with office teams regularly to ensure they have the information, tools, and support needed to perform their jobs effectively and successfully.  • Completes administrative tasks, such as financial review, end of day reporting, staff payroll, accounts receivable reports correctly and within deadlines. • Ensures the practice is in compliance by maintaining patient data to include required regulatory chart documents, personal information, treatment consultation documentation, account history transactions and electronic data.  • Manages and assists designated office team members with appropriate payment and insurance processes.  • Ensures flawless execution of operational standards, including compliance with established company policies, procedures, and government regulations.  • Continually works towards building and sustaining a joined leadership work environment with doctors.  •    Required Experience  • Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university in related field or four (4) years of equivalent experience can be substituted for a degree.  • Minimum of two (2) years’ experience in a healthcare office or fast-paced, highly interactive customer service environment • Experience with Medicare, Medicaid managed care or insurance preferred.  • Must take ownership and act with a sense of urgency and commitment to resolve issues • Strong problem solving skills • Experience in the dental or medical industry with scheduling and verifying insurance preferred. • Strong computer skills and knowledge of office programs, such as Outlook, Word, Excel. • Excellent communication and telephone skills. • Knowledge of effective scheduling. • Superior customer service skills. • Basic knowledge of dental terminology and contractual/financial terms • Self-motivated with the ability to exceed patient expectation.   NADG offers a competitive salary and excellent benefit package including a 401k, health insurance and a professional work environment.  An Equal Opportunity Employer.






full-time-job salary supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed