*JOB TITLE:* Store Manager- 2 Stores New Jersey *LOCATION:* Bridgewater/Riverside NJ *REPORTS TO:* Retail Sales Director  *JOB SUMMARY:* The Store Manager behaves as the Brand Ambassador representing the overall Brand DNA and focus on customer service. The Store Manager is responsible for the overall success of the multiple FF Group stores to ensure that sales plans and KPI goals are met or exceeded. Should have the ability to travel to both locations weekly. The Store Manager is responsible for generating a minimum of 15%-20% of the home store’s volume. The Store Manager must ensure excellent client service standards and development of repeat business and growth of client base is achieved at all market stores. The Store Manager must ensure that visual merchandising standards, operational responsibilities controllable costs and timely and professional communication are managed effectively. The Store Manager must be a leader, representing the brand attributes of dress code and conduct as outlined in the staff handbook representing the FF Group brand to the highest standards of presentation, conduct and customer service, maximizing every selling opportunity by living the Brand DNA, and Big 5 Fundamentals.  *DUTIES & ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:*  Meet and exceed sales and KPI goals at all market locations.  To meet individual sales goals and to continually motivate sales staff to meet assigned sales and productivity goals.  Analyze available sale reports, data and anecdotal information to determine the needs of the business and to set business strategies.  Ability to proactively assess, promote and communicate at a high –level the needs and business opportunities in market locations.  To submit accurate and analytical feedback on weekly-monthly recaps and conference calls  To schedule effectively to the needs of the business  To set individual sales goals for the associates, ensuring goals reflect stores business goals.  To recruit, train, motivate and develop the team to optimize store performance and to reflect brand standards.  Take appropriate actions to coach and council in the moment and address performance issues as necessary.  To accurately process payroll and all other operational standards  Develop bench strength through regular, scheduled touch bases and feedback with Assistant Managers and Sales Supervisors.  Resolve all human resources issues in a timely and effective manner partnering with ASD and HR.  Demonstrate sales leadership for staff by playing an active role on the sales floor.  Establish effective management of store teams within payroll budgets to ensure optimum stores floor coverage at all key trading periods.  To provide excellent levels of customer care surpassing customer expectations at every opportunity  To maximize every selling opportunity to achieve store and individual sales and KPI indicators  To resolve customer complaints promptly and successfully by investigating problems in a timely manner and provide solution-oriented customer service.  Develop actions plans to drive foot flow and reactivate lapsed clients.  Identify ways to drive sales through marketing initiatives and responding to localized market trends.  Build market-specific partnerships within host store or mall, neighborhood or organizations and professional networking groups.  Provides enhanced till accountability e.g. able to process refunds and price overrides  Able to respond to queries regarding price, location, features, benefits and use of company merchandise and to communicate excellent product knowledge.  To follow Company procedures and processes to maintain security of stock, customer records and cash handling to ensure full operational compliance.  Ensure Company standards of cleanliness and organization and facilities maintenance are adhered to.  To ensure all Sales Service Standards are completed efficiently and on time, maintaining accurate records of all customer requirements and following company procedures.  To take every opportunity to capture customer data in order to augment the FF Group database and encourage repeat visits and customer loyalty.  Be responsible for the highest standards of visual merchandising and presentation accordance with Company  To attend and participate in all store meetings and training events as required ensuring good communication is maintained.  To communicate all potential health or safety issues to the store manager and complies with Company safety and security procedures  Any other tasks as outlined by Corporate, being flexible in approach to the business demands.  *REQUIRED*  Proven ability to lead, motivate and develop a team through active management.  Able to adapt to change, enthusiastic, confident and self-motivated.  Minimum of five years of management experience in a retail environment.  Minimum five years selling experience in a client-book driven sales environment.  Understanding of the retail KPI and how to drive volume through achieving KPI goals.  Excellent verbal and written communication skills.  Proficient computer skills.  *PREFERRED*  A background in sales and aftercare of timepieces and jewelry.  Multiple language skills






5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job