Are you looking for a job or a future?    If you’re an entrepreneur at heart, enjoy helping others and a have a passion for investments and the financial markets, a career as a Financial Advisor may be of interest to you. Wells Fargo Advisors, one of the nation’s largest and most respected investment firms, is looking for individuals with great networking, business development, and relationship building skills to evolve into Financial Advisors. We’re seeking professionals that have the drive and determination to succeed in a competitive industry. Wells Fargo provides extensive support throughout the Training Program.    Successful applicants will receive 29 weeks of paid training, including preparation for the Series 7 and 66 securities registrations (both of which are required to work as an advisor) and extensive classroom instruction around how to build and run a financial practice. Upon completion, you’ll receive a competitive salary structure, which transitions to straight commission by the third year. For more information, please respond to this email or contact Beth McGrath at  XXX  or   please send your resume to Elizabeth.Mcgrath(at)wellsfargo(dot)com    Qualifications    Basic Qualifications;  • 1+ years outside or inside sales or business development experience   • or 2+ years work experience in one of the following: entrepreneurial or U.S. military.   • or BA/BS Degree with 6+ month’s business experience in financial services.     Minimum Qualifications:  • Strong work ethic and strong drive to succeed; competitive, self-motivated and results-oriented.   • Demonstrated ability to develop and cultivate relationships. Proven ability to communicate both orally and in writing; proven organizational skills.     Preferred Qualifications;  • Prior sales experience   • Prior business owner/entrepreneur   • Demonstrated interest in financial markets and investments   • Prior professional service career (Legal, Accounting, Education, U. S. Military)   • Active Series 6 or Series 7   • 2+ years proven experience building and maintaining professional relationships within the community/market (e.g. through memberships and active participation with community-based organizations in the targeted market)   • College or advanced degree    Diversity is an integral part of Wells Fargo’s success—and always has been.   Visit www.example.com to find out more.    Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V.  Copyright © 2013 Wells Fargo Bank N.A. All rights reserved. Member FDIC.






1-year-experience-needed salary bs-degree-needed