Ellman International, a medical device manufacturer/distributor in Hicksville, has an immediate need for a Buyer/Planner who will be responsible for the procurement, material planning and inventory functions of the organization.  The successful candidate will possess a minimum of 10 years of similar experience as well as the ability to coordinate the cross-functional interaction with the Operations and business support teams.  Primary Responsibilities: • Negotiating price and delivery. • Assessing vendor capabilities, selecting vendors and evaluating vendor performance. • Recommending major purchases of materials based on anticipated changes in prices or in unusual availability situations. • Ensuring that purchasing documentation is properly completed and the terms and conditions of purchases are appropriate. • Ensuring that department records are maintained and purchases are monitored or expedited when required. • Maintaining price histories to provide information on price variances. • Undertaking specifically assigned projects relating to procurement and providing summaries, reports and recommendations on these subjects.  Education, Desired Skills & Experience: • A Bachelors Degree in a business-related discipline is preferred. • Must have solid MRP II experience; Macola preferred. • Proven track record of making good business decisions with a practical approach, as well as being a team player. • Strong business acumen. • Excellent communication and strong negotiation skills. • Ability to successfully multi-task in a fast-paced environment. • This position requires an individual who is self-directed and detail-oriented with an inquisitive nature and desire to solve problems. • Strong work ethic and a positive, “can-do” attitude and one who takes pride in the quality of their work.  About Ellman International, Inc. Since Ellman International was founded in 1959, the company has grown to become a global leader in advanced radiofrequency (RF) technology for precision surgical and aesthetic procedures.  Today, Ellman serves the aesthetic, multi-specialty surgical, dental and veterinary markets.  We are an EOE.






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job