***LOCAL CANDIDATE ONLY***  SUMMARY The Account Manager's job entails selling or introducing Orthodontic, Oral Surgery and Pediatric dentistry products to include our full line of exam and treatment chairs, delivery units and custom cabinetry products to established and prospective customers.  This position interacts with customers and records interview information into computer and ensures customer satisfaction and managing quality of product and service delivery.    ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES The following duties are normal for this position.  These are not to be construed as exclusive or all inclusive.  Other duties may be required and assigned. - Developing and accomplishing a region lead generation plan, meeting or exceeding monthly or annual targets. - Outbound and inbound account management; established and prospective customers - Capturing of accurate and complete information in Customer Relationship Management system (CRM). - Demonstrate positive, professional behavior toward work, customers, colleagues, and management.  - Communicate effectively with customers, colleagues, and all levels of the organization. - Identifying decision makers amongst the targeted leads in order to start sales process. - Maintaining and expanding the database of prospects of the organization. - Attending sales group meetings concerning sales targets or forecasts, reporting on market situation. - Handling cancellations or changes in sales order and communicating the changes with the related departments. - Coordinating with sales administration for status on orders in ensuring the delivery commitment to clients is met. - Providing effective product demos for end-user customers as well as for the resellers. - Emphasizing service or product features and benefits, discussing pricing, and preparing sales order reports or forms. - Participating fully in training sessions, meetings, skill building and professional development classes. - Attending industry conferences to develop industry expertise and to build network.






