*POSITION SUMMARY*  The Accounts Payable Specialist will perform all duties as necessary to ensure that assigned invoices are received promptly, checked for accuracy, approved by the person with the appropriate delegated authority, and ultimately paid in a timely manner.  The incumbent will report directly to the AP Manager. This position may also  be responsible for the processing of company payroll or a back up resource for the processing of company payroll  *ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS *  *Reasonable Accommodations Statement * To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.   *Essential Functions Statement(s)* • Work internally and with vendors to ensure timely receipt of invoices  • Process invoices to ensure order, receipt and invoice match.  In certain circumstances, other documentation such as engagement letters, contracts, etc. may be required to support payment of an invoice. • Process checks or wires if instructed to do so by the AP Manager to ensure invoices are paid in a timely manner • Establish relationships with vendors to ensure there is an open line of communication regarding transactions between the vendor and APMEX • Own the process of ensuring that invoices submitted to the AP Manager for payment have all required documentation required for payment.  Attention must be paid to all aspects of invoices to ensure payment amount is adequately supported. • Evaluate opportunities for process improvement and  proactively make recommendations to the AP Manager • Evaluate errors and mistakes, whether internal to the Accounts Payable or not, and recommend process changes to avoid similar mistakes in the future.  • Process the company payroll or be able to process company payroll as a back-up if necessary. • Other duties as may be assigned     *POSITION QUALIFICATIONS *  *Competency Statement(s) *  • Communication: Communicates well both verbally and in writing, creates accurate and punctual reports, delivers presentations, shares information and ideas with others, has good listening skills.  • Computer Skills: Skilled in the use of computers, adapts to new technology, keeps abreast of changes, learns new programs quickly, and uses computers to improve productivity.  • Dependability: Meets commitments, works independently, accepts accountability, handles change, sets personal standards, stays focused under pressure, and meets attendance/punctuality requirements.  • Interpersonal Skills: Has good listening skills, builds strong relationships internally and with vendors, is flexible/open-minded, negotiates effectively, solicits performance feedback and handles constructive criticism.  *SKILLS & ABILITIES*   *Education:* Bachelor’s degree in Accounting or working towards.   *Experience:* • 3-5 years of experience in Accounts Payable • Knowledge of Great Plains Accounting or similar software is a plus. • 1 year payroll experience a plus • Knowledge working with Paycom a plus  *Computer Skills:* Proficient in MS Office, including Excel  Certificates & Licenses:  *Other Requirements:* • Superior spreadsheets skills and a good knowledge of Microsoft Excel. • Excellent written and verbal communication skills are required. • Highly organized with ability to manage multiple priorities and deliver assignments on time. • Successful in dealing with vendor and company personnel. • High degree of integrity including the ability to successfully deal with sensitive or confidential information. • Personally exhibits a strong commitment to dependability and reliability with the ability to gain the confidence and respect of the vendors. • Demonstrate knowledge and understanding of proper accounting treatment for accounts payable transactions and activities.






full-time-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed