The Director of ReStore Operations is responsible for oversight and procurement of two Habitat for Humanity ReStores in South Palm Beach County. The Director will oversee 10 employees, be required to produce active home good procurement and be a resource to the two store managers who oversee the daily operations.  Weekends are required to work.  This position is responsible for managing all phases of the ReStore program. The Habitat ReStore mission is to generate revenue through the sale of donated, reclaimed and purchased building materials, appliances, furniture and tools to support the activities of Habitat for Humanity of South Palm Beach Co.  The director is responsible for the overall operations of the ReStore and its financial growth.   REQUIREMENTS  This individual must understand and appreciate the mission of Habitat for Humanity of South Palm Beach Co.  Qualified candidates must possess above-average written and verbal communication skills.  Public speaking experience is required.  Must possess strong problem-solving skills and have the ability to work in a fast-paced team environment.  This individual must be detail-oriented and able to work independently.  Must be able to deal with all kinds of individuals and remain consistent in keeping a professional demeanor.  Must have experience working with major donors and be able to communicate effectively and professionally with them and the customers we serve.  Occasional travel may be required.   PHYSICAL DEMANDS  This individual will be expected to assist the staff in performing store functions and, therefore, must be able to lift up to 50 pounds. Candidate will also experience frequent bending, squatting, lifting and repetitive motion.     EXPERIENCE  A minimum of 3 years of related experience in retail or restaurant operations and management is required.  Applicant must have demonstrated independent responsibility for program management. Experience supervising staff required, developing markets and networking plans. Applicant must have excellent interpersonal and communications skills with groups, committees and individuals.    EDUCATION  BA or BS preferred; equivalent work experience will be considered.  Knowledgeable in retail sales, marketing, salvage and environmental.   CERTIFICATES, LICENSES AND REGISTRATIONS  Valid driver’s License with a good driving record.   PRIMARY DUTIES AND CORE RESPONSIBILITIES  A.  Fund Raising and Fostering Support with Partners in the Community. *Develop and implement multi-year strategic plan for soliciting contributions and winning support of potential suppliers and donors by targeting annual growth to meet long-term financial projections. *In cooperation with the store managers and the director of finance and administration, develop and manage individual store budgets and support the budgets and operational decisions with documented financial analysis to include: profit margins, sales per square foot in total, last year to current year sales comparisons, cost per donation pickup, ROI of marketing expenses to sales, expenses as a percentage of sales, break-even analysis, and inventory management.  *Draft grant applications as opportunities arise. *Identify additional opportunities for fund raising and coordinate with the Development Director and Executive Director’s fund raising plan. *Ensure the Executive Director is regularly informed on the status of ReStore operations with particular attention paid to problem areas, project status and extraordinary events *Draft brochures and other materials describing the advantages of ReStore contributions. *Represent the program with potential materials donors. *Identify and initiate opportunities to reduce expenses and create increased operational efficiencies. *Provides sustained network development to expand the scope of Habitat ReStore activities and develop long-term, collaborative relationships with community based trade/business groups, churches, donors and others to secure donations and raise awareness of local affiliate mission in the community.  B.  Develop and Implement Policies and Procedures *Provide reports on store performance or strategic projections as needed. These reports could include inventory turnover, discounts, and returns, earnings per store per open hour, earnings paid per employee hour and net cash to organization forecasting. *Oversee the development of necessary policies and procedures for store operations, sales, salvage, material acquisition, etc. *Develop and maintain policies and procedures relating to the daily operation of the ReStore. *Responsible for operations management, including consistent, safe and positive development of associates and assets in order to provide a high quality donor to customer experience.  C.  Manage ReStore Operations *Oversee all retail operations and ensure consistent, smooth and efficient operations. *Responsible for procuring donations, sales and profits to further the affiliate’s mission. *Work with various internal and external resources to positively promote the Habitat ReStore and HFHSPBC. *Provide training resources to the Store Managers in order for them to direct store operations in the absence of the manager.  *Supervise maintenance of facility and equipment. *Supervise ReStore staff, volunteers and conduct performance reviews. *Management of retail staff and volunteers to provide a high level of customer service. *Orient staff and volunteers to the mission of HFH and the Restore’s role and responsibility. *Spend weekly time on the sales floor, if possible. *Monitor expenses within budgeting constraints *Enhance the organization’s culture by reinforcing core values and fostering a positive work environment.  D.  Ensure Accountability to Funding Sources and Board of Directors *Develop work plans and assignments to meet commitments made to various agencies. *Prepare program/progress reports on a timely basis. *Prepare monthly general reports and financial expenditure reports. *Respond to audits and funding agencies. *Prepare annual budget for the Habitat ReStore  E.  Marketing and Community Relations *Market the ReStore through the media in an appropriate and cost-conscious manner. *Represent program through personal contacts and public speaking engagements. *Network with other Habitat ReStores and serve as mentor to interested affiliates. *Develop and maintain an ongoing relationship with corporate donors, contractors, and community service organizations for gifts in kind. *Coordinate the development and expansion of a comprehensive advertising and marketing program for the Habitat ReStore. *Raise the profile of the Habitat ReStore in our community.   APPLICANTS  Please submit your cover letter with resume and references.  HFHI is an equal opportunity employer and seeks to employ and assign the best qualified personnel for all our positions in a manner that does not unlawfully discriminate against any person because of race, color, religion, gender, marital status, age, national origin, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, veteran/reserve national guard status, or any other status or characteristic protected by law.






full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed