Guard Well is a provider of the most widely used and trusted identity theft protection services with 17.5 million U.S. households protected by our product. As a Cincinnati based company we have a strong desire to help improve our community.    *Program Mission* To enhance our community by providing the meaningful financial resources which charitable and non-profit organizations need to complete their missions, while so doing, protecting their donor’s identities, families and financial well being from the fraudulent activities of identity theft criminals.  *Position Summary* The Give Back Consultant will identify, engage, cultivate, solicit, and present the \"Guard Well Give Back\" program to local non-profits, charities, fundraisers, ministries, faith based entities, churches, schools and athletic teams. He/she will be responsible for helping Guard Well meet our 2014 goal of raising $500,000 for our community.  *Qualifications* Minimum 3 years of non-profit 501(c)(3) experience. Significant relationships with the area's non-profit leaders, organizers, and fundraising development committees is highly desirable. Candidates must have the capacity to network in the community, effectively present the benefits of a partnership, and increase the use of our fundraising program.   *   What To Expect When You Join Our Team* *   Flexible Hours *   Enthusiastic and engaged leadership team *   An Industry leading product that is already protecting 17.5 million households. *   A Culture that is excited, open minded, fun, philanthropic, energetic, and inclusive. *   This is a position designed for self starters, networkers, sales people, and/or people with a      great reputation in the non-profit community. There are no specific hours required. We are more concerned with results than the time spent to achieve those results.  *   As a results oriented position, compensation will be determined by results. The earnings are residual and are very competitive.






2-4-years-experience-needed