The Online Jewish Academy (OJA) is looking for highly motivated teachers that are committed to student success and reshaping the high school experience for learners of all types. The Online Jewish Academy utilizes a blended learning program in partnership with Jewish high schools to provide a variety of students with a more personalized education. We create educational programs that allow for student-directed learning, supported by teacher-­‐facilitated understanding that result in collaborative project based, real-world applications and skill development.  RESPONSIBILITIES: • Work creatively and collaboratively with colleagues to curate, design, create and implement cross-­‐curricular, instructional materials and activities that contribute to high levels of student engagement, deep understanding, and achievement of student learning goals. • Develop personalized learning plans and curriculum using the principles of backwards and universal design. • Teach high school subject classes online and in person, both individually and in small groups, incorporating: direct instruction, discussion, projects and cooperative work. • Engage students, keep classes focused and infuse a lasting desire to learn. • Develop formative and summative assessments, with an emphasis on real world projects and application, that measure progress toward the academic 21st century and skill based objectives. • Share accountability for student performance results. • Monitor and ensure the academic success of individual students. • Participate in weekly team meetings to analyze data on student performance to effectively adapt curriculum and targeted instruction to ensure that students master learning objectives. • Maintain a high level of communication with students, parents and colleagues to deliver program information and address individual student needs. • Consistently hone both personal and team teaching practice and results. • Participate in ongoing growth and professional development opportunities.  QUALIFICATIONS: • Proven record of success in the classroom with at least one year of teaching experience • Demonstrates full commitment to students' academic success and personal development. • Ability to link college prep academics to real-­‐world experiences and projects. • Strong computer and internet proficiency with an affinity for technology. • Ability to exercise excellent judgment in decision-­‐making. • Ability to think strategically and proactively solve problems. • Strong collaboration skills with a range of individuals including students, staff and parents. • Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. • Ability to differentiate instruction. • Experience working with students with learning disabilities a plus • Strong work ethic and drive to help students meet their goals. • Belief that an advanced education is possible for all students. • Desire to learn and increase effectiveness on a continual basis. • Open to observation and critical feedback  EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS: • BA or BS in Education, English, Math, Science or related field  COMPENSATION: • This is a part‐time position. Compensation depends on experience.  HOW TO APPLY: Qualified applicants of all faiths and backgrounds are encouraged to apply. Please send a cover letter and resume, via email only, with the subject Teaching Position.  For more information please see our website: www.example.com






1-year-experience-needed part-time-job bs-degree-needed