We welcome enquiries from sales professionals and marketing companies to market our on demand mobile solution.  Who we are:  Our company based in Los Angeles is a Partner in USA for an Enterprise Mobile Application Product company . Our product is an excellent Mobile Sass Solution to migrate existing Business Processes to Mobile within hours.  Features of our product are:  It is an On-Demand mobile based solution that makes managing field sales or service teams very efficient and easy.  With features such as call management & scheduling, lead management, time & location reporting, Travel & Expense capture.  It provides valuable field insights to management, ensures effective deployment of field personnel and empowers them to complete their activities and report the same through their mobiles.  What we are looking for:  Sales Consultant working out of home office.  Recent Graduates with an aptitude for selling can also apply.  If you are already employed, you can keep your current job.  We will train you on our product.  We will be help all along the way until the application is deployed.  Job Functions are:  Generate leads through contacts and cold calls.  If a customer is interested you will show the demo of our standard solution to the customer mostly out of home office.  Assuming customer is further interested in the solution, we will provide a Form Template to be filled by the customer. This form template is a questionnaire to be filled by the customer about the process which they want to be in the Enterprise Mobile Application.  Our company will provide a Proof of Concept for the Mobile Application based Customer Filled Form Template.  This POC will be shown to the Customer by you through Web Conference.  If the customer is satisfied, then the Customer will sign up for the Subscription of the Mobile App for all the potential users.  Income Potential:  Minium Salary to cover expenses.  You will receive a good percentage of the User Subscription Fee every month and the implementation charges.  I am sure you still have lots of unanswered questions about this job. But if you feel this is of your interest, please reply to this posting with your details.






