*Join Madison Reed*  *Who we are*  Madison Reed is a well-funded start-up in San Francisco. We're using technology (web, mobile, tablet, social) to radically innovate the $50B hair care market and we're looking for owners. If you want to own the outcome and own a piece of the upside. This is opportunity knocking.  *Who you are*  You will be responsible for: • testing and quality assurance, and will be checking for proper functionality, content and layout consistency of our web properties, iOS and Android apps. • developing user acceptance, smoke, integration, regression, functional, compatibility, and performance test cases. • Testing native mobile apps, web and responsive applications on desktop, iOS and Android based devices. • Testing native mobile apps on iOS and Android based devices. • Testing web and responsive applications on prevalent platforms. • Verifying web page implementation conforms to design comps and wireframes.  You are experienced in: • developing automated QA testing processes from scratch. • manual and automated testing on the web across a variety of platforms. • writing and executing test plans. • testing native apps on mobile devices. • testing responsive websites. • cross-browser compatibility testing. • executing cross-browser test cases.  You are well versed in: • Knowledge of bug tracking and version control tools. • Knowledge of testing frameworks and tools a plus. • One or more automation tools such as Selenium, Load Runner, Silk etc. • Experience with JavaScript, HTML and CSS a plus. • Experience with Node.js a plus. • Meticulous attention to detail (we're obsessed with our UI being just right) • Passion for good design and usability on the web and mobile   *We are agile...*  Agile development methodologies mean different things to different people. We don't believe in following a process for process' sake. We ship frequently and focus on delivering incremental value -- day by day, week by week, we make the company better.  *We value our people...*  We spend time regularly working on whatever we're interested in. We invest in our people by creating opportunities that combine our interests with what the company needs. We have lunch-and-learns, hack days, team outings, and encourage personal learning projects. Oh yeah, and we've got a standing Friday 4pm happy hour and regular company sponsored lunches. We have medical, dental and vision insurance.  *Interested?*  Please DO NOT apply if:  You'd feel like a fish out of water without a well-defined traditional corporate structure. You'd consider taking out the trash as being below you. You're accustomed to using the phrase \"it's not part of my job description.\" Please DO apply if:  You've got a ton of experience but are willing to continue to grow and learn on the job. You're a closer - not a manager, a coordinator, or an idea person - but someone who loves to get stuff done, and done well (done means in production). You are a \"go-to\" person because you're reliable, creative, resourceful, a good decision maker, and generally on of the most capable people amongst your peers. You're articulate, persuasive, and a good listener. Your friends and former employers would gush about you and your awesomeness. You can send over your resume to careers at madison-reed dot com  Keywords: node js, node.js, javascript, android, ios, iphone, QA, automation, testing






