Education and/or Experience of the Sales Representative: 1. Bachelor’s Degree in a Business or Agricultural/Construction related field. 2. 3-5 Years experience in a sales position.    Qualifications of the Sales Representative: To perform this sales representative job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each skill satisfactorily. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 1. Vision with or without the help of eyewear. 2. Sense of hearing required due to high amount of phone and personal contact with customers. 3. Excellent organizational skills. 4. Excellent communication skills. 5. Time management skills. 6. Detail-oriented. 7. Excellent knowledge of industrial and agricultural equipment. 8. Excellent problem solving and critical thinking skills. 9. Excellent computer skills (ability to learn new computer programs and skills). 10. Ability to complete deadlines efficiently. 11. Finance/Lease understanding. 12. Strong mathematic ability. 13. Excellent typing skills.   Essential Duties and Responsibilities of the Sales Representative: Duties may be modified or additional duties assigned. 1. Secure and finalize sales information, giving all information to Sales Manager. 2. Follow-up, stay in contact with each customer both during and after the sale. 3. Provide information to customers and future customers on products and services. 4. Attend weekly sales meetings, share information on ideas, suggestions with sales team to ensure a coordinated effective sales effort. 5. Keep log of inquiries for sales and or service, also keep log of definite sales completed. 6. Attend educational seminars, trade organizations and shows to broaden product knowledge, selling techniques, expand business contacts, and Market Company. 7. Keep updated on inventory levels. 8. Sell all Service Motor Company products. 9. Achieve acceptable gross profit as designated by Service Motor Company. 10. Achieve attainable sales goals by sales manager. 11. Follow up with customer concerns. 12. Promote Service Motor Company specials within department as well as other departments. 13. Work effectively with manufacturer representatives and product specialists. 14. Coordinate effectively with all internal departments including sales, parts, and service.






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed