VIRGINIA TIRE & AUTO  SALES ASSOCIATE-GAINESVILLE,VA  Virginia Tire & Auto, awarded the Top Shop in North America by Tire Review Magazine for 2011-2012, is an auto repair retailer founded on a simple idea: offer each customer the best possible service, quality and value. We are currently looking for exceptional salespeople.   Job Requirements: • Aptitudes:  ability to communicate effectively with customers and technicians •  The ability to perform multiple tasks.   •  Temperament:  ability to perform in a professional manner with a smile and a positive attitude.   •  The  Sales Associate must be able to safely maneuver and drive a vehicle. Schedule: • Flexible depending on individual preferences and business need • Must be available evenings and at least 1 weekend day per week  Responsibilities Overall duties include, but are not limited to: • Greet customers in a timely, professional and friendly manner • Ensure that customers are provided with an experience that exceeds their expectations • Complete work orders and recommend and sell needed tires and auto repair and maintenance services to customers • Consistently seek new tire product knowledge in order to act as an expert for the customer • Work as a team player to ensure each customer receives the best service possible • Open new Goodyear/Bridgestone credit card accounts as a means of building customer relationships  • Build lasting relationships with customers by communicating with them regarding any timing restraints, updating them on the status of their services and following-up with them over the phone or email as needed • Schedule appointments for customers, collect customer data (including email addresses) and otherwise liaison with customers as needed to make it easy for them to do business with us • Accomplish expectations set by the Store Manager and Service Manager • Perform daily housekeeping tasks, including any needed paperwork and light cleaning  • Perform daily department maintenance tasks, including lifting tires and pulling tires from the tire storage area, which may include climbing up to  high shelves  Education and Experience • Requirements:  high school diploma or its equivalency •  Auto repair and customer service skills •  Knowledge of the automotive industry •  A professional personal appearance •  Oral and written communication skills •  An ability to read and comprehend instructions and information.  •  The  Sales Associate must have and maintain a valid driver’s license.   Working Conditions • Work is fast-paced in an Indoor/Outdoor, customer-oriented environment. •   This position requires stooping, bending and moving throughout the service department. •   An employee may lift up to 50 pounds and will be exposed to noise, vibration, dust, exhaust fumes and other hazardous and non-hazardous materials.  • This position may involve lifting tires in the tire storage area, which has high shelves.  •  The Sales Associate may be required to drive the Shuttle vehicle but will spend the majority of his/her time working with customers.    WE OFFER A FULL BENEFITS PACKAGE






