*Financial Sales Advisor/Financial Consultant/Sales Professional* AXA Advisors, LLC. – New York, NY  Make AXA Advisors your First and Last Stop  *Job Description*  AXA Advisors is seeking driven individuals looking to work in an industry with unprecedented growth as Financial Professionals. When entering the workforce for the first time, stability, financial freedom, and building a skill set through training and development are the most important factors that job seekers look for when searching for their ideal job. Many entry level professionals discover that it is difficult to find a position that provides all of these things. The Financial Professional is an independent position that provides entry level professionals the opportunity to build their own business and financial success potential by helping individuals and families make strong financial decisions to impact their future positively.  The amount of support we provide for our Financial Professionals is unparalleled in the industry. We make the route to success very easy if you have the drive and motivation to make it happen. While other companies may throw their new employees into the fire and hope that a handful succeed, we believe in the people that we hire and will work with them constantly until they are ready to take the reins of their business and go full speed ahead.  If you are at the beginning of your career and looking for a job that you can turn your hard work into financial success, you owe it to yourself to discover a world of opportunity with one of the most respected and growing full service financial services companies! As a Financial Professional, you will be primarily focused on growing your own financial services practice with the support and strength of one of the nation’s leading financial services firms. The work environment is fast paced, energetic and enthusiastic and is ideal for like minded individuals.  *Benefits*  As an AXA Advisors Financial Professional, you’ll be part of a recognized, respected company that offers:  -High earnings potential and comprehensive benefits -Training, support and hands-on management -Advancement/management opportunities  *Job Requirements*  In order to be a successful Financial Professional, you do not need to have a degree in finance or economics or any work experience. What we do need is a Financial Professional who is a results-driven self-starter, able to take ownership in what he or she is doing and willing to work hard to achieve success. The most successful candidates find fulfillment in knowing that they are not only making a lot of money, but working towards building a career in the financial services industry.  *Requirements for the position include:*  -Individual who possesses integrity and a strong work ethic -Team player who possesses excellent interpersonal skills and communication abilities, with a high degree of self-confidence -Must be a US Citizen or permanent resident -A four-year college degree is preferred and relevant professional FINRA securities registrations are a plus. You will be required to attain under the sponsorship of AXA Advisors: state life and health licenses, FINRA Series 7 and 66 registrations -Not required but a plus: MBA, JD, CFP®, CPA or ChFC  *Company Overview*  AXA Advisors, LLC is a member of the global AXA Group, “AXA Group” refers to AXA, a French holding company for a group of international insurance and financial services companies, together with its direct and indirect consolidated subsidiaries, including AXA Equitable. AXA Group is a worldwide leader in financial protection and wealth management. AXA's operations are diverse geographically, with major operations in Europe, North America and the Asia/Pacific Area. AXA Advisors is positioned to offer highly motivated, achievement-driven individuals an opportunity to grow a thriving business.  AXA Group’s activities in insurance and wealth management are offered through its principal U.S. subsidiary, AXA Financial, Inc. and AXA Financial’s strong family of brands, including AXA Advisors, LLC, AXA Equitable Life Insurance Company, Alliance Bernstein, and MONY Life Insurance Company  AXA Advisors, LLC (NY, NY  XXX  member SIPC, is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V.  *Make AXA Advisors your first choice!*  GE-82007 (02/13)  Keywords: Series 7, Sales Manager, Insurance Agent, Insurance Sales, Sales, Account Manager, Account Executive, Inside Sales, Outside Sales, Sales Representative, Business Development.






