*POSITION PURPOSE* The SIS SharePoint Architect is responsible for the delivery of routine to complex installation, upgrade, migration, and troubleshooting services in customer environments in billable engagements.  In addition to billable engagements, the Architect will be expected to provide mentoring and technical guidance to members of the SharePoint Team; assist in managing to executive business strategies; work closely with client reps and project managers in pre-sales activities assistance and estimation efforts. The Architect is expected to work closely with other Consulting Services Engineers, Project Managers and Client Representatives as needed.     *EXPECTATIONS* SIS encourages individual growth and initiative; this job description indicates a base level of expectation.  All positions within SIS are fluid and specific responsibilities may change as business needs change.    *ESSENTIAL POSITION FUNCTIONS AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTABILITIES* The primary areas of emphasis for the Architect are as follows:  *A. Project Delivery Responsibilities* – The role is responsible for performing a variety of technical tasks associated with various projects.  Project Delivery activities are expected to consume the Architect’s time as a first priority unless otherwise indicated.  Maintaining satisfactory progress towards achieving and meeting annual financial plan is a priority with billable engagements typically consisting of: a. Standard Offerings b. Delivery of Instructional SharePoint Training  c. SharePoint Related On Call Troubleshooting/Support d. Design and Architecture Services e. Partner Related Services    *B. Sales and Support Responsibilities* – The Architect is responsible for providing expertise in support of all systems sales opportunities.  This role should maintain availability and responsiveness to SIS client representatives, Project Managers and the Microsoft Technical Practice Manager whenever possible as priority second only to billable engagements.  Sales support may consist of assisting/leading assigned SharePoint opportunities through the delivery of technical sales engagements (Strategy Briefing Sessions, Architecture Design Sessions, Proof of Concepts, etc).    *C. Additional Responsibilities* – The Architect is also expected to contribute to the overall health of the SIS organization.  These responsibilities include but are not limited to: 1. Assist and lead in the education of the SIS client representatives regarding evolving technologies related to the Microsoft Team’s SharePoint competency and SIS delivery capabilities. 2. The Architect is expected to be observant and intentional in recommending opportunities for SIS to expand level of assistance to all customer environments. 3. This role is expected to sustain a high level of customer satisfaction at all times.  Pleasing SIS customers and building those relationships is of the utmost importance and will be thoroughly analyzed with every performance review.   4. Travel is required for this position.  Most travel is expected to be by vehicle in support of SIS regional offices and client base, however some air travel may be needed depending on specific client locations and training events. 5. After hours and weekend project work is required at times and expected for this position.  Flexible scheduling and work from home policy will be provided as appropriate.  One is able to request specific scheduling abbreviations to compensate for after hours and weekend assignments. 6. Responsible for project status reporting to the appropriate client contact(s), Technical Practice Manager or Project Manager. 7. Responsible for managing and prioritizing individual tasks and responsibilities. 8. Act as a “mentor” for the Microsoft Team’s training program by coordinating training materials and leading internal training classes. 9. Understand and describe the advanced topics related to the individual’s assigned practice. 10. Perform the role of technical architect on large projects. 11. Lead the process of requirements gathering and documentation for a large or highly visible project. 12. Attend client meetings and successfully represent SIS without the support of other management personnel. 13. Assist in proposal preparation for projects. 14. Provide assistance in interviewing and technical screening of new employee candidates.  *TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE AND CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS*  Require a minimum of 3-5 years direct experience with: 1. Maintaining SharePoint to include but not limited to: * Security * Backups * High Availability * Administration * Migration * Server Support * Developer Support * Various I/O subsystems including SAN, NAS etc… * Troubleshooting all aspects of the server farm * Coordinating with MS Partner Support as required on behalf of customers * The most recent last decade of SharePoint versions 2. Working in virtualized and non-virtualized environments 3. Providing consistently highly available data to stake holders Senior level architects are also required to have achieved or included in their individual enablement plans certifications leading to the highest level of SharePoint certifications, such as Architect.  Including in this certification requirement are related technologies such as SQL Server and Windows Server.  *AUTHORITY* 1. Review the work of other SharePoint team resources to insure that they are adhering to enterprise standards and procedures, satisfying the requirements of the SIS user base and working within the cost limitations of the project 2. Assist in the planning and design of solutions to insure the most efficient possible operational environment 3. Empower other SharePoint team members with skills required for self-sufficiency, autonomy, continual innovation, improvement and personal growth 4. Train juniors to assume responsibilities 5. Define ongoing and new areas of team focus  6. Ensure the team as a forward looking focus  Software Information Systems (SIS) is an award-winning Technology Solution Provider that has been helping clients leverage technology for almost 30 years.  We pride ourselves on engaging with our clients not only as technical resources, but as business partners, offering new ideas and a true interest in how technology can support their success.  SIS is seeing tremendous growth in our Microsoft practice and is seeking a Senior Microsoft SharePoint Solutions Architect to join our team.






supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed licence-needed