RSVP Philadelphia, at the Klein JCC, has an exciting opportunity for the right candidate with an understanding about the benefits and needs that promote community for seniors to age in place.   This position is responsible for developing and maintaining new and existing partnerships with agencies promoting healthy aging in Philadelphia. Additionally, specific areas of volunteer recruitment and coordination are: reducing instances of isolation in the older adult population, and increasing access to healthy foods, and one time and seasonal light maintenance for seniors.  Examples of programs supported by this role are: the Fix For a Friend program, Ask Me 3 – a peer to peer engagement program, SOWN, AARP, as well as working closely with the local Naturally Occurring Retirement Community, and Klein JCC’s Home Delivered Meals program drivers and friendly visitors.     Principal Responsibilities • Volunteer outreach, recruitment, and coordination of the “Fix For a Friend” program. • Recruiting volunteers from the community, organizations and corporations in the area to frozen pack meal packages and deliver meals to isolated seniors.   • Expand the friendly visitors program in Center City, West Philadelphia and NE Philadelphia.  • Recruit and coordinate volunteers for the Rhawnhurst Naturally Occurring Retirement Community and supportive programming.  • Work with Director of Community Services to implement creative strategies to increase awareness in the community about positive impact of the aging in place model. • Provide support for volunteer drivers that includes preparation of routing materials. • Supervises administrative staff and Hunger Relief Volunteer Coordinator • Prepares regular outcome reports for CNCS • Works with and oversees compliance for CNCS such as station outcomes, MOU maintenance and assist with RSVP/Philadelphia’s Work Plan Development • Coordinate volunteer efforts with RSVP and Community Services team members. • Liaison for Klein JCC’s Development and Compliance Department • Responsible for managing program and marketing budget for RSVP • Other duties as assigned    Job Requirements  We are seeking someone with a Master’s degree in a relevant field.   This person should have substantial experience working with volunteers, preferably in a volunteer coordination position and some management experience.  Our ideal candidate will possess knowledge of challenges of the aging adult and their potential for impact on the community.  Working with persons over 55+ is also preferred. The candidate should have excellent written, public speaking and computer skills, proficiency with Microsoft Office. This person should have the ability to work independently. Access to a car and valid driver’s license required. There will be some evenings and weekends hours.     Physical Requirements: This position requires the ability to work in seated or standing positions for prolonged periods of time, perform work using the computer and telephone and other office tools.  This position includes field work.  Equal opportunity employer.  Salary Range: $36,000-$38,000  Interested applicants should submit resume and cover letter to: FAX attn: Lisa Sandler,  XXX 






ms-or-phd-needed supervising-job salary