AirWatch is a leading provider of enterprise-grade wireless and mobility solutions. The company?s flagship product, also named AirWatch, is a highly scalable, web-based mobile device and WLAN management software with robust functionality for mobile devices running Windows Mobile, iPhone, Blackberry, Symbian and Android. Designed to secure, monitor, manage and support mobile devices across an enterprise, AirWatch provides a single, integrated, real-time view into an organization?s entire fleet of mobile devices, regardless of mobile platform, device manufacturer or location.     AirWatch's Wandering WiFi solution provides 24 / 7 / 365 wireless infrastructure deployment, monitoring and support for restaurants, cafes, hotels, hospitals, airports, truck stops, hospitals, retail outlets and sports arenas located across the U.S. More specifically, the company currently manages guests' access to Wi-Fi networks for more than 700 customers at 8,000 unique locations, which collectively have 30,000 access points and 40 million guest sessions annually.     Headquartered in Atlanta, Ga., the company's two solutions help customers from the distribution/logistics, field service, government, healthcare, hospitality, manufacturing and retail industries successfully manage the challenges of enterprise mobility and Internet connectivity. For more information, please visit www.example.com and www.example.com.     POSITION DESCRIPTION & RESPONSIBILITIES:     Tech Support will have a high-level of daily interaction with our customers as we roll-out wireless solutions to major hotels, cafes, restaurants, etc. This person will have opportunities to assist with many aspects of our business such as mastering specific hardware, supporting installations, and providing post-installation service and support. Working with the Tech Support team allows for a great growth opportunity with our Tier 1 to Tier 3 support structure.     The ideal candidate will be highly energetic and interested in working in a small company with lots of responsibilities and opportunities to learn. In addition, this person must be willing to work flexible hours to accommodate our all our clients across the US. This is an entry level position.     *Gain an in-depth, working knowledge of an array of wireless hardware.     *Report to tech support vertical manager and senior manager     *Follow templates and scripts to provide remote technical support to end users     *Learn to configure and support the process for wireless connectivity, network addressing, infrastructure design, session management, VPN connectivity, RADIUS authentication as well as general troubleshooting for multiple computer platforms.     *Provide end user support including login assistance, wireless device support (wireless PDAs, iPhones, etc), computer troubleshooting, issue resolution and general wireless session problem solving       QUALIFICATIONS:     *1-3 years of tech experience supporting a wireless network     *Experience remotely supporting end users     *Basic knowledge of wireless hardware     *Must be able to quickly understand current operations, processes, day-to-day issues, challenges, etc     *Strong customer service background     To be considered for this position, you must apply through our website. A direct link to the application process for this position is listed below. Thank you.     www.example.com     






1-year-experience-needed