This role is responsible for handling financial planning, trading, and preparation for client reviews. The Associate Wealth Advisor ensures that the office operates in an efficient and effective manner by supporting client meeting preparation, receiving high volume phone calls and other projects as needed. In addition, this role requires full security licensing and duties will include trading, data entry for financial planning software and paperwork that requires a detail-oriented disposition.   The Associate Wealth Advisor must possess exceptional verbal and written communication skills, tact and diplomacy, and above average time management skills. The nature of the assignments and information shared may be highly confidential and sensitive in nature thereby requiring considerable independent good judgment. This key position with WealthWise Financial requires a very professional, energetic, self-starter who wants to contribute to a fast-paced, challenging organization.  *Areas of Responsibility* • Executes trades on accounts with the President’s directive. • Prepare investment reports for client reviews. • Research information with retirement plans and prepares reviews. • Update and create office reports. • Data entry for financial planning software and preparing the financial plans. • Open and update accounts.  • Provides assistance in the day-to-day processing of client paperwork and transaction processing. This includes checking paperwork for completeness and accuracy and opening client accounts.  • Independently researches, prioritizes, and follow up on multiple incoming issues and concerns addressed to the President, including those of a sensitive and/or confidential nature; determines the appropriate course of action, and/or response • Collaborate with team members to create smooth work flow and meet deadlines. • Organizes and maintains required compliance files, keeps prospectuses and paperwork up-to-date. • Researches information, resolves any outstanding client, transaction or paperwork issues.  • Represents and manages (on behalf of the President) key external relationships with regard to clients, vendors, partners and other business associates. • Participates in meetings as requested to take meeting notes for future discussion, distribution and follow-up. • Assists with special projects as requested. • Performs other duties as assigned.  *Education & Experience Requirements* • Bachelor's degree is preferred  • Must have prior experience working in the financial services industry  *Required License/Certification*  • Must obtain FINRA Series 7 and 66 licenses within the first six months of employment. Having licenses currently is preferred.  *Knowledge, Skill and Ability Requirements* • A high level of professionalism and an appreciation for the confidentiality and sensitivity of information received and handled. • Knowledge of general office procedures  • High level of proficiency with all MS Office applications including: Word, Excel and Outlook, as well as Act. Must have the ability to navigate easily through Internet-based systems   *Skills & Abilities* • Proven ability to remain flexible in the work environment and manage multiple priorities under time constraints in a fast paced environment, with an attention to detail • Ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. • Ability to exchange information clearly and concisely and to effectively present ideas, report facts and other information.  • A high level of professionalism and an appreciation for the confidentiality and sensitivity of information received and handled.  • Ability to effectively research topics and analyze information as needed.  • Strong organization, planning, analytical and problem-solving skills with the ability to apply these skills in a fast paced environment. • Ability to effectively prioritize time sensitive material in an effective manner. • Excellent oral and written communication skills with the ability to independently compose correspondence on behalf of the President. • Excellent interpersonal skills in order to relate well to all levels within the organization. • Ability to use corporate \"intuition\" to anticipate and predict the needs of the President and other executives • Ability to work under high demands and expectations • Ability to be pro-active and detail-oriented: must work successfully under pressure and handle all situations with the highest degree of professionalism  *Compensation* • This is a salaried position with salary commensurate with experience and abilities • Benefits include health care insurance reimbursement program as well as 401(k) and Profit Sharing.






salary bs-degree-needed