To view full description of this Job posting and Apply visit us at: www.example.com    STOCKER  DUTIES and ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS:  • Follow company work processes to receive, open and unpack cartons and price   merchandise. • Follow the merchandise guide to build merchandise displays and stock merchandise. • Recover and face merchandise on shelves and restock shelves. • Ensure store has outstanding housekeeping standards. • Assist customers by locating merchandise. • Help foster an environment of teamwork. • Execute major events and ad set up as directed by Store Manager. • Provide Great Customer Service and a positive attitude. • Assist with training and development of new sales associates with guidance from Store Manager. • Comply with all company policies and procedures as outlined in the Employee Handbook. • Help maintain a clean, well-organized store and facilitate a safe and secure working and shopping environment. • Perform all duties assigned by the Store Manager.     CASHIERS  Description: A Cashier will operate cash register and electronic scanner to itemize and total customers’ purchases, receives payment and assists in bagging purchases for customers.  Job Responsibilities:  • Carries out various Cash Register procedures  • Operates cash register and records prices, compiles printed list and displays cost of purchases, taxes and rebates on the monitor/ screen.  • Rings up customer sales.  • Reviews price sheets to note price changes and sale items.  • Helps customers to use electronic fund transfer machine, locate items within the store and select specific items mentioned in sale and rebate offers.  • Collects cash or checks from customers and makes change for can transactions.  • Counts cash in drawer at beginning and end of shift.  • Bags all merchandise and redeems promotional coupons.  • Writes customer orders.  • Processes balloon orders.  • Assists in the delivery of quality customer service through personal contact with customers and prospects while adhering to approved quality standards.  • Interacts with and assists customers.  • Answers the telephone.  • Completes Receiving, Merchandise Handling, Inventory Verification and Assigned      ASSISTANT MANAGER  Under the supervision of the General or Executive Manager, directs Associate activity to provide efficient high quality customer service and achieve retail sales targets through a well-trained and motivated staff. Adheres to all PARTYlicious standards.  • Performs supervisory duties. • Responsible for opening and closing store and related procedures. • Responsible for cash handling procedures including but not limited to preparing and dropping bank deposits. • Authorizes register functions including post voids, returns and associate discounts. • Assists in supervising and coaching all associates. • Performs manager on duty (MOD) responsibilities as required. • Delivers exceptional customer service through personal contact with customers. • Interacts with and assists customers in accordance with corporate Customer Service program. • Answers the telephone and rings on registers as needed. • Processes balloon orders as needed. • Handles/assists in receiving and stocking procedures. • Ensures accurate receiving. • Unloads merchandise from trucks as needed. • Checks in shipment as needed. • Stages merchandise for the sales floor. • Top and down stocks merchandise as needed. • Assists in merchandising procedures. • Responsible for maintaining assigned sections in store as determined by the General or Executive Manager. • Sets and maintains merchandise presentation planner (MPP). • Sets and maintains plan-o-grams. • Flexes and fills seasonal aisles. • Sets and maintains ad in-stock. • Executes corporate directed price changes and clearance markdowns. • Assists in ensuring data integrity. • Participates in the lows and outs process and ordering.  • Responsible for seasonal pack away. • Informs General or Executive Manager of any inventory discrepancies. • Performs other duties as needed. • Develops for advancement to next career path position.   TO APPLY VISIT US AT: www.example.com






