Duties and Responsibilities:  Will be a member of the technician crew for Typhon Labs and report to the Facility Foreman.  Will perform a variety of complex technical functions related to the planning, setup, troubleshooting, monitoring, repair and/or modification of mechanical, electronic or electro-mechanical systems, environmental test systems or other specialized test equipment. Works well independently or in a team environment and applies sound judgment in the solving of complex problems.   Demonstrate flexibility in handling work assignments. • Provides facility support during construction, upgrade, modification, and general servicing.   • Works from limited information, written or verbal instructions, schematics, rough sketches, diagrams, layouts or plans often requiring interpretation. • Interfaces with engineer(s) and suggests facility modifications/updates. • Provides customer project teams with facility and equipment logistics support during assembly, integration and test phases when they are on-site for testing. • Serves as backup test operator during active testing. • Can function with limited supervision requiring no instructions on routine work, and general instructions on new assignments. •Takes responsibility and ownership of one’s own and team’s work. • Assists, mentors and trains less experienced personnel with work assignments.    • Uses innovative and creative approaches in resolving unusual situations. • Resolves complex customer service issues.  Required Skills: • Education: High School diploma with a minimum of 8 years of related experience, or Associate’s degree with a minimum of 4 years of related experience, or Bachelor’s degree with a minimum of 1 year of related experience  • Advanced understanding of both general and detailed aspects of job and work techniques in the construction, modification, and repair of custom mechanical, electrical or electro-mechanical systems including but not limited to basic constructions skills such as:  - The ability to read and understand prints, drawings, or plans.  - Basic mechanics & electrical  - Adept with the use of hand and power tools  - Good communication skills.  Desired Skills:  • 10-15 years’ experience in aerospace, military, or similar field. • Advanced construction skills, such as:   - Welder, Pipefitter, advanced mechanical and/or electrical skills • Strong working knowledge of large scale test system infrastructure.   • Knowledgeable about space based liquid fueled propulsion system testing principles.  • Highly developed communication skills, both verbal and written, and ability to use effectively. • Have working knowledge of computers and Microsoft Office Tools.






5-plus-years-experience-needed