Excellent Opportunity near the North Carolina Triad Region   Insteel Industries' has an excellent opportunity for a Reinforcement DraftingTechnician at our Home Office located in Mt. Airy, NC.   Insteel is the nation's largest manufacturer of steel wire reinforcing products for concrete construction applications. We manufacture and market prestressed concrete strand and welded wire reinforcement, including concrete pipe reinforcement, engineered structural mesh and standard welded wire reinforcement. Our products are primarily sold to manufacturers of concrete products that are used in nonresidential construction.   Insteel Industries is a growing company with a strong history and positive work culture. If you are qualified and interested in joining a team within a company with a casual work environment, high performance, and strong values/ethics, please submit your resume and a cover letter through the Career Center page on the company’s website - www.example.com   Mount Airy, North Carolina is a freindly, vibrant town offering great quality of living, a temperate climate with seasonal change, clean air, minimal traffic, excellent schools, proximity to outstanding universities and colleges, reasonable housing prices, and abundant outdoor recreational activities. Our location is nestled in the scenic foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains, with easy access to the Blue Ridge Parkway, numerous State Parks, hiking/biking trails, ski resorts, and rivers. Our central location in North Carolina provides easy access to coastal towns and beaches, as well as the Blue Ridge and Appalachian Mountains. Our Home Office is also within commuting distance to the cities of Winston-Salem, Greensboro, and High Point.   The Reinforcing Drafting Technician is responsible for providing technical and electronic drafting support to the engineering group. This person will perform computer-aided-design (CAD) drafting and related technical support for the engineering group, with an emphasis on rebar to engineered structural mesh (ESM0 reinforcment conversions and preparation of quotes and fabrication drawings as necessary to support sales requirements and ESM product designs.  The ideal candidate will has an Associate's Degree in Engineering Technology, Drafting and Design Technology, or related discipline.   This position requires AutoCAD proficiency or near-proficiency as the CAD platform will serve as this position's primary work tool. A familiarity with Microsoft Office Suite is also required.   Work is technical and requires thoroughness of detail and production efficiency. You must have a strong sense of initiative, taking a proative position in contributing to project problem-solving and carrying out engineer directions for project detailing and presentation..   Insteel Industries is strongly committed to the recruitment, selection, development, and promotion of employees based on individual merit. We provide equal employment opportunity to all people without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national original, age, or disability.






associate-needed