WE ONLY ACCEPT RESUMES FROM APPLICANTS WITH ACTIVE AND VALID CMA/CCMA/RMA CERTIFICATIONS FOR NEW YORK STATE.   We do not provide re-location.   Position is for a part-time CMA, working 2 Saturdays a month from 9:00 am - 1:00 pm.   JOB DUTIES:   Greets and accompanies patient to examination room. Obtain vital signs which may include; blood pressure, temperature, pulse, respirations, pain, and records information into patient’s medical record manually or into the electronic medical record. Perform basic wound care including cleaning and bandaging injured areas and documents care given. Assists scheduling tests, treatments, pre-certification of patients for hospital and processes referrals as ordered by physician.  Creates, maintains, copies and files patient files, records and other information into patient medical record. Responds to patient concerns and directs issues to appropriate staff. Entering information obtained on the patient’s record into the electronic medical record. Maintains strict confidentiality and ethical behavior. Other duties as assigned  Education: High School graduate or GED required.  Completion of a one–two year Certified Medical Assistant program from an accredited School.  Experience: One to three years in a health care facility: hospital, nursing or rehabilitation facility, home health care.  Licensure/Credentials: Current, active, valid certification for medical assistant  Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:  Interacts in an effective manner with practitioners, the interdisciplinary health care team, community agencies, patients and families with diverse opinions, values, and religious and cultural ideals.  Ability to work with minimal guidance in a dynamic and diverse environment.  Incorporates excellent written, verbal and listening communication skills, positive relationship building skills and critical analysis skills into case management practice for successful leadership.  Understanding of Microsoft Office Suite-ability to effectively use Microsoft Outlook, Word, and Excel






1-year-experience-needed part-time-job