JOB DESCRIPTION - Software Quality Assurance Engineer    Our Client is a national property preservation, REO Maintenance & Repair Services Company dedicated to helping financial services clients increase their return on customer loan investments by reducing both the time and cost of recovering and maintaining their property,  fast growing diverse company that requires an enthusiastic team player to join our technology development team.      Summary: Has responsibility for testing of  track systems using both automated and manual testing methods.  Ensures the software meets the acceptance criteria of the Client business and follows internal guidelines and best practices.  Works as a member of the Agile Scrum team to successfully deliver business value each sprint.     *Essential Duties and Responsibilities:*   • Develops, implements, and maintains manual and automated software quality assurance testing environments, methods and systems to ensure the accuracy, and stability of the software applications.  • Prepares test designs based on documented requirements and interviews with Project Management and Development teams.  • Recommends and implements methods and systems for automated testing and defect tracking systems.  • Develops automated regression, quality assurance, and validation tests and plans.  • Analyzes results, draws conclusions from test results, and makes necessary recommendations for improvements.     *Qualifications/Requirements*   • Self directed and motivated  • Exceptional analytical and problem solving skills  • Understanding of C#, XML, .NEt & SQL Server environments  • Experienced with automated testing tools such as QTP & QC.  • Minimum of 5-7 years of experience  • Experience with QA Methods and processes  • Experience with MS Windows development environments including .NET, MA SQL Server, Visual Studio, .ASPX, and others.  • Agile scrum experience a plus     Education/Training/Experience  • BS/BA or equivalent years of experience






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed