Our Austin based client looking for BizTalk Developer for a contract opportunity.  Duration = 6-12 mos.     Application Description:  Application consists of an order intake process.  Clients sent orders via FTP or WebService.  Orders are received in MBA1 & MBA2 and custom formats.  The orders are validated and recorded in database.  Orders are grouped and sent via FTP to Data Exchange Partners (DEP).  Once these orders are processed in the field, the DEP system sent a zip file containing a .csv file along with pictures.  These orders are then grouped and the database is updated.  A pdf report is generated and sent back to the client via FTP.    The system also utilizes SSIS, SSAS, SSRS, UC4 to generate reports.       *Required Skills:*  • 4 year degree in an Information Technology related field; or a four-year degree in an applicable field of study such as Mathematics or Engineering with five or more years of demonstrated interaction with systems and software integration concepts; or eight years of applicable work experience.  • 5+ years of development experience in .NET 2.0/3.5/4.0, and C#  • 5+ years of development experience in Microsoft SQL Server  • 5+ years of experience developing interfaces in MS BizTalk 2010/2009/2007 and experience from a design and development standpoint on the .NET platform  • In-depth knowledge of BizTalk orchestration, Rules Engine, Mapping, XML schema design, adapters, ports, and custom pipelines  • Experience in creating  and using custom adapters and using out of box adapters like File, FTP, SOAP, SAP, SQL, MSMQ, WCF, WCF-LOB, MLLP  • Well versed with BizTalk WCF adapter and WCF module development in C# & AppFabric  • Development experience in XML, XSL, XSLT, XSD, and WCF data contracts  • Good understanding of Microsoft suggested best practices for BizTalk  • Experience working with distributed architectures (SOA) /  • Familiarity with BizTalk ESB toolkit architecture  • Demonstrated knowledge of data standards (both data exchange and storage)  • Demonstrated ability to create and maintain mid level complexity web services  • Expert level understanding of SQL database design best practices, stored procedures, entity modeling, XML, and multi-threading.  • Experience in Publishing and consuming Web Services and  WCF Services with BizTalk Server 2010/2009/2007  • Experience in monitoring and analyzing key performance indicators using Business Activity Monitoring (BAM)  • Experience with Biztalk360  • Extensively used Business Rules Engine (BRE) as a part of Business logic Implementation, Message Routing and data validation  • Experience with Enterprise Application Integration (EAI) Design Patterns






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed