Apple Tech Needed! (Cedar Rapids, IA) Local company is looking for an outgoing and knowledgable Apple Tech. This is an excellent opportunity for the right person and has vertical growth potential within our company.  Description: Apple Tech  Job Purpose:  Do you love the satisfaction of solving Mac tech problems and helping others? Do you enjoy when business clients are happy that you prevent future issues? We are looking for qualified Apple experts to work in the Cedar Rapids area.  Job Duties: • The role of the Apple Support Technician is to provide superb Mac/Apple support for end users • The selected candidate will be expected to be well versed in multiple Mac Operating Systems as well as provide minimal Active Directory support in regards to the interaction of Macs within such an environment • This position will be responsible for resolving inbound technical support requests; accurately logging and tracking all calls and providing accurate and professional resolution on all supported issues as well as accurately resolve all assigned incident tickets • This position requires very strong communication skills with a focus on customer service and problem solving skill • The selected candidate must possess strong technical knowledge with Apple products and be able to use that knowledge to analyze and resolve technical issues • This person must be willing to be on-call for occasional 'after-hours' work • Install approved software releases, system upgrades; and patch Apple hardware, software, and Operating System • Perform routine system maintenance • Support and maintain user account information including rights, security, and systems groups • Provide telephone and remote support for Mac OS X and other Apple-related hardware and software • Ability to troubleshoot and repair hardware issues with Macintosh computers, application; and HW issues using external information to research and resolve issues with significant direct interaction with customers which will require strong interpersonal skills with a heavy focus on client relations • Ensure Help Desk tickets are resolved within appropriate timeframes; consistently update the ticket tracking system and knowledge base with status and fixes  Education and Experience: Applicants should have a working technical understanding of Apple hardware and Mac OSX, iOS, and the drive to learn independently and work hard in a team-oriented environment.  Apple technical certifications are a plus, but not required to apply.  Salary to commensurate with experience. For consideration, please email the following:  • Your resume with contact phone number and email address.  • Desired salary • Why should we hire you? Location: Cedar Rapids, IA Compensation: Salary to commensurate with experience






