Homeless Health Care Los Angeles (HHCLA), founded in 1985, provides comprehensive case management services for homeless people with health-related problems and community-based education to homeless service providers.  Our mission is to work towards the optimal health of homeless people through direct services, education and advocacy.    Position Description:  The primary purpose of HHCLA’s Access to Housing for Health (AHH) program is to provide permanent, affordable housing linked to appropriate services for homeless individuals who are frequent users of the Department of Health Services system. The Lead Clinical Social Worker/Case Manager works directly with program participants and develops, arranges and coordinates treatment services. The Lead Clinical Social Worker/Case Manager works to improve the health of homeless individuals by assisting with the provision of stable housing, development of a comprehensive treatment plan and facilitating linkages to medical care, mental health care, alcohol/substance use treatment and other supportive services. Once the individual has obtained permanent housing, the Lead Clinical Social Worker/Case Manager will assist the client in maintaining their housing. This position requires an ability to maintain strict confidentiality and handle information with tact and diplomacy.    Essential Functions:  1. Conduct comprehensive assessments for case management service needs.  2. Develop individualized treatment plans with measurable goals and objectives and assist participants in achieving their desired outcomes.  3. Coordinate, prepare and maintain required charting and documentation in a timely and thorough manner.  4. Perform weekly reports, monthly reports, and quarterly reports.  5. Manage weekly referrals through Excel spreadsheet.  6. Participate in daily debrief sessions, weekly supervision, department and agency-wide meetings, training and development opportunities.  7. Develop relationships with representatives in other agencies to support individuals in attaining services such as housing, mental health care, medical treatment, financial assistance, legal advocacy, etc.  8. Perform home visits within scheduled time frame, assess for needs, and refer clients to services within their community.  9. Maintain familiarity with HHCLA/AHH policies and procedures and other applicable regulations.  10. Assist in identifying and securing resources for the AHH program.  11. Maintain client records according to HIPAA and adhere to all client confidentiality requirements and standards.  12. Participate in the overall evaluation of program services and data collection for reporting by maintaining accurate information in program participant files.    Qualifications:  Master’s Degree in Social Work/Welfare required with a minimum of three years experience in working with culturally diverse populations. Experience with homeless and low-income populations preferred. Familiarity with the principles of harm reduction, mental health and the healthcare delivery systems in Los Angeles County required. Strong written and oral communication skills required. Ability to utilize Microsoft Office software is required. Able to stand, walk and sit for the purpose of performing the essential job functions. Qualifications may be subject to modification, based upon the Americans with Disabilities Act. Must possess a valid California Driver’s License, properly registered vehicle and liability insurance. Registered Associate Clinical Social Worker through BBS is required. Bilingual/bicultural preferred.   






ms-or-phd-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed