About The Payments Company:  Founded in 2009, The Payments Company (TPC) is a Richmond, VA – based financial technology company that helps organizations pay vendors electronically, instead of paper checks typically associated with accounts payable.   Through AP advantage, TCP’s proprietary software and vendor network, businesses can make vendor payments or employee reimbursements simply by providing existing payment details from their AP system.  The software uses embedded smart technology and existing vendor payment instructions from within the AP advantage network to select the optimal method of payment.  Payment methods supported include VISA, direct deposit and check.  Our clients not only eliminate unnecessary work and expenses, but they also earn significant cash back rewards for payments made with a virtual Visa card program.  Over the last 4 years the company has won prestigious industry awards, developed strategic relationships with major banks and credit card companies, has grown significantly and is now poised to expand distribution.  Job Summary:  Reporting to the SVP Sales & Marketing, this position is accountable for the identification and development of clients interested in moving away from costly and inefficient check payments made by accounts payable.  The goal is to identify and sell specific middle market businesses that have limited treasury staff and expertise required to launch a comprehensive B2B ePayment program.  The candidate would, ideally, be located near Philadelphia and be able to work from a home office.  Compensation target is 100K plus per year (combination salary and commissions).  There are no caps and someone with a network of financial executive contacts should succeed very quickly.  Key Responsibilities:    - Traveling as necessary – requires commitment to meet prospects and customers timelines regardless of other duties that are required  - Generating C-Level and Director level appointments/sales calls through effective networking and prospecting   - Developing and maintaining a database of prospects and customers within an assigned geographic region in a middle market segment as defined by management, and   -Providing status reports through use of salesforce.com   - Developing effective an effective value proposition with the goal of signing new business  - Achieving targeted financial goals    - Providing consultative advice to customers and prospects (i.e. Annual and/or Quarterly Performance Reviews)  - Coordinating with marketing staff to optimize lead generation and sales support functions  - Managing expenses on a monthly basis   Knowledge, Skills, and Competencies:  - Previous New Business Development experience in Payments or Financial Services (5+ years)  - Demonstrated leadership ability; effective influencing skills; proven self-starter  - Solid verbal and written communication skills and interpersonal skills needed to effectively communicate with Senior Management and outside parties  - Complex relational selling  - C-Level and Controller Level accounting network with proven ability to quickly access  Mandatory Requirements :  - Bachelor’s Degree  - Excellent time management skills  - Goal-oriented sales professional with discipline to work independently is required






salary bs-degree-needed