Serve as top level contributor / technical specialist on PLC-based projects designing and developing new application programs, adapting and configuring existing application programs, documenting, testing, and startup of system. May supervise and mentor other programmers and field service personnel, providing review, troubleshooting, and other technical support.  *DUTIES:* 1. Work directly with customers, engineers, and project managers to identify and document requirements. 2. Plan the steps necessary to reach solution. 3. Execute the plan successfully within budget and schedule. 4. Oversee or develop programs and testing based upon detail design requirements. 5. Oversee or prepare all required documentation per established procedures. 6. Direct field implementation of programs including check-out, instrument setup, motor control setup, troubleshooting, commissioning and training. 7. Assist with maintenance of programming software licenses and vendor upgrades. 8. Perform additional duties as assigned by immediate supervisor.  *SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE, QUALIFICATIONS & EXPERIENCE:* 1. Computer Science or Electrical Engineering degree preferred, but not required. 2. Eight (8) years’ experience or more in related industries using related programming languages, hardware, and components. 3. Understand, apply, and enforce proper software and project life cycle processes. 4. Function with minimum supervision as a team leader or independently, and as a team member. 5. Conceptualize complex technical programs and clearly explain their functioning. 6. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 7. Understand electrical system and machinery operation. 8. Understand office, shop, and field safety principles and apply and enforce them. 9. Understand and demonstrate excellent customer relations capabilities.  *COMPANY INFO (DCREng.com):* We are a premier provider of PLC-based SCADA and plant automation control systems for water/wastewater, mining, and other industries throughout Florida and for Public Safety Alerting systems nation-wide and internationally. We design solutions to customer needs, adapt and configure our standard application programs or develop custom programs, integrate PLCs and other components into Industrial Control Panels fabricated in our UL508A panel shop, install and commission the system, provide customer training, and then support as needed.  PLCs supported include Motorola ACE3600, Allen-Bradley, and Siemens. HMIs supported include VTScada, InTouch, and Maple. ArchestrA automation and information software is supported. Programming languages supported include various PLC ladder logic, various HMI scripting, C, C#, and Java. We support various data communication technologies including wired and wireless Ethernet, analog and digital radio, and cellular.






5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job