*Job Description* Do you believe that there should be a link between the strategy of a business and their people strategy?  Are you looking for greater control over your career?   We are helping businesses embrace the fundamental shift in HR away from the compliance based approach into building culture, driving employee engagement and providing a strategic framework to improve the overall performance of their business and their people.   *Your Opportunity* If you would like to set your own schedule, work with the clients you choose and drive projects and tasks that are challenging and rewarding – this opportunity might appeal to you.   If you have ever thought about starting your own practice but weren't sure how - we can help. We provide one on one support that helps you start, grow and be successful in business.  If you have your own consulting business but need additional tools and support to help drive revenue - we can help.   HR Business Alliance is seeking licensees to drive the growth of the alliance in the United States. As an Alliance Member, you will be provided with a comprehensive range of products and services to help build an independent business that is also part of a national network of like-minded professionals.   *The Market Need* Employees are the biggest expense to most companies and the biggest source of concern for business owners. The lack of effective planning and practices reduces the sustainability and growth of organizations. This in turn robs them of their true potential for success. They need practical, proactive business solutions that make a real difference to the bottom line.    Our tools and resources are custom-built for the small and medium business (SMB) sector and can also be applied to many larger organizations. These tools have been proven in the market to help drive productivity and profitability in business.   This proven model has grown to boast over 100 licensees in Australia and New Zealand and a fast growing network in the United States.  *Desired Skills & Experience* Do your peers, co-workers and friends look to you for insight and advice?  Do you enjoy challenging the status quo?  Do you have a passion to impact business in significant ways?  *Company Description* HRBusiness Alliance (HRBA) is a new idea in business coaching. We are a network of HR & business coaches with the mission to help business owners with their most difficult challenge - their employees. HRBA provides the tools, resources and support that coaches need to successfully build their coaching practice.  Our focus is giving coaches research-based, diagnostic tools that provide a step by step action plan for business owners to understand how to better engage their employees, set them in the right roles and ensure that they are functioning at their highest productivity. In turn, this leads to the business showing significant increases in profitability and gives a business owner the peace of mind that his business is running the way he intended in the first place.  We empower businesses to unlock the value of their employees!






