Camelot Chateau, one of Ocala’s premier senior housing communities, is currently looking for a compassionate, energetic and outgoing Marketing Coordinator to join the team. The ideal candidate will maintain positive and understanding relationships with all prospective residents and their families and assist in identifying innovative events and methods to increase visitation of targeted groups, while increasing occupancy.   Camelot Chateau, managed by KR Management, LLC, is an 80-unit assisted living community with an open, casually elegant atmosphere.  At KR Management, our company philosophy is compassion first. While that might sound simple, it is in fact the basic principle that guides every decision we make, it is communicated to every employee we hire and it is demonstrated with every resident that we have been entrusted to care for. If you share our company philosophy and dedication, we'd love to meet you!    Key responsibilities include: * Maintaining and/or improving upon the occupancy level of the community in accordance with the marketing and business plans * Obtain and maintain knowledge of competitors;   * Conduct personal tours for prospective residents and family * Assisting in the sales process by assisting prospective residents, their family members, and/or advisors in the decision-making process by understanding their needs and educating them about how services and programs can meet their needs * Coordinating and completing all activities needed for the sale and converting deposits to move ins, including, but not limited to, visiting the prospect's home, health care providers, or other locations and ensuring that the required forms are completed by the prospect's physician, the prospect, and family prior to move in. * Make community contacts to referral sources that would be in a position to influence a prospective client or family.  EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE and SKILLS • Bachelor's degree (B. S.) from four-year college or university;  • 2-4 years Sales experience - inside and outside experience preferred; • Equivalent combination of education and experience will be considered; • Ability to work independently; be self motivated and goal-directed; • Computer proficiency, sales database management experience preferred; • Ability to communicate effectively with residents, families, staff, vendors and the general public; • Must have compassion for and desire to work with the elderly;  • Must meet all health requirements, including TB, and pass background checks. Prior Senior Housing Industry experience is a plus   HOW TO APPLY: Please send your resume and salary requirements to Michele Mathews, Director of Human Resources.    Camelot Chateau and KR Management are EOE/DFWP employers






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed