Teknion is a leading international designer, manufacturer and marketer of office furniture.  We create furniture that connects people, technology and spaces. Our approach is one of innovation; our products perform independently and combine in virtually endless configurations to fit the needs of the world’s evolving economies and work cultures.    We currently have an exciting opportunity for a Marketing Coordinator in our Mt. Laurel, NJ headquarters.  Primary responsibilities include:    • Assist with branding and marketing of client experience program nationally, including creation of tools, both digital and print.  • Support the creation of corporate communication material including various newsletters.  • Work directly with Marketing Director on PR initiatives.  • Coordinate travel for Teknion clients through Teknion reps, dealers or customers directly.  • Traffics all incoming marketing projects through the marketing project request form.  • Writes and launches post analysis surveys for marketing events/programs, aggregates data and provides recommendations based upon feedback.  • Assist with creation and ongoing maintenance of showroom manager manual.  Fields questions from showroom managers and provides orientation for new showroom managers on process and procedures.  • Manage marketing projects including evites, invites, fulfillment requests, mock up support material.  • Works with workplace planning team and sales force to assess business needs for additional CEUs.  Provides recommends to Marketing Director on creation of new CEUs.    Education and Experience:  • Bachelor’s Degree in Marketing, Communication, Business, English, Interior Design or related field.  • Three to five years of Marketing experience  • Knowledge of Adobe Creative Suite specifically In Design, Photoshop and PDF Writer  • Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills  • Professional, polished appearance and demeanor  • Must work well independently, be able to prioritize and meet deadlines  • Excellent organizational and time management skills with the ability to multi-task  • Must be creative, energetic, extremely organized and detail-oriented     We offer a competitive compensation and benefits package.






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed