SUMMARY    IT Systems Administrator is responsible for architecture, build and continuing maintaining of all internal systems, servers, and network appliances for core employees and development teams. This includes management and tracking of licensing and vendor support agreements. The right candidate should be able to administer various Windows environments, as well as have (at minimum) a passing knowledge of Linux administration. The candidate is responsible for building and maintaining all employee computers and the services / systems to support them (Printing, Network Scanning, Email, VPN, etc ). Candidate should be passionate about technology and have a desire to learn on their own. Sys Admin will be responsible to make technology recommendations that are cost effective, as well as provide improved security and scalability.   ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include but not limited to the following (other duties may be assigned):  • Design, implement, and maintain Active Directory environments relating to single-sign-on, systems integration, security best practices, audits, and migrations / upgrades • Troubleshoot and maintain proper security access to network file shares using DFS • Execution and evaluation of auditing processes and procedures to ensure IT policy and security best practices are being followed within an organization • System, application, file and directory access based on end-user roles and classifications, for both internal and external third-party applications • Supporting technical and non-technical end-users running Windows XP, Vista and 7 x32 & x64 clients in an Active Directory environment • Build and deploy end-user computers using imaging software (CloneZilla, Norton Ghost) • Prevention and removal of virus and malware issues on servers and end-user computers • Manage and ensure maximum availability of secure wireless networks throughout company • Maintaining orderly asset inventory of all IT equipment and software licensing • Corporate backups and scheduling audits ensuring data availability for restoration as necessary • Creation and upkeep of documentation for business continuity (technical) and employee reference (non-technical) • Research and advise on the selection of IT hardware and software solutions • Some travel will be required. (maximum 4 trips a year to remote sites) • Support critical systems after hours, nights and weekends as needed • Responds to emergencies on a 24/7 basis via remote access and collocation trips  SPECIFIC SKILLS/ABILITIES/COMPETENCIES: • Knowledgeable supporting multiple server operating systems, including Microsoft Windows Server 2003 R1/R2 & 2008 R1/R2 and Linux variants such as CentOS and Ubuntu • Working knowledge of Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity processes and procedures • Working knowledge of various VPN technologies • Working knowledge of Polycom video conferencing equipment a plus • Proficient with DNS, DHCP, and wireless technologies • Basic understanding of Email technologies and mobile connectivity / security best practices • Experience with content backup systems, methodologies and restore procedures is required • Working knowledge of system virtualization technologies a plus. Specifically VMWare ESXi • Working Knowledge of Microsoft Dynamics GreatPlains is a plus • Effective communications skills • Articulate, business-like and friendly demeanor • Strong written skills for documentation and reporting • Strong verbal skills to explain both technical and lay issues to peers and user community • Flexible and efficient • Ability to handle multiple tasks • Adaptable to changing environment and workload • Motivation, Organization and Professionalism • Self motivated and able to work with minimal supervision • Work well under pressure/deadlines  SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES:  NONE  QUALIFICATIONS: Must be able to perform the essential functions of the position.  EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:   • Minimum 5+ years practical AD experience (Expert Required) • Minimum 5+ years of corporate Enterprise IT experience • Sound understanding of networking fundamentals, components and core-networking technologies including switches, routers, firewalls, and network access controls  LANGUAGE SKILLS:  Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write business correspondence.  Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public.  Ability to effectively communicate (orally and in writing) with all levels of the organization.  MATHEMATICAL SKILLS:  Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as percentages and ratios.  Basic addition, subtraction, multiplication and division skills required.    REASONING ABILITY:  Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form.  PHYSICAL DEMANDS:  While performing the duties of this position, the incumbent is regularly required to reach with hands and arms and talk and hear. The employee frequently is required to walk, sit, and use hands to finger, handle, or feel. The incumbent is occasionally required to stand and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The incumbent must occasionally lift and/or move up to 20 pounds.  WORK ENVIRONMENT:  While performing the duties of this position, the incumbent may be exposed to moving mechanical parts.  The noise level in the work environment is normal office levels.  OTHER:  As provided by the Americans with Disabilities Act, the company is committed to discussing and providing reasonable accommodations to its employees to help them fulfill the essential functions of their jobs.






5-plus-years-experience-needed