Approximately ten years ago, Sound Health Care Center was formed after one family medicine physician left a large multi-specialty group in Kitsap County and formed his own family medicine practice. The practice is now actively searching for a primary care physician and/or family nurse practitioner to add to our team. Our modern, Port Orchard office will easily accommodate up to five full-time providers.  If a small independent practice is something you are looking for, please contact us so we can discuss the opportunity.  POSITION: Family Nurse Practitioner (FNP)  STATUS: Full/Part-time  SUMMARY: Provide primary care services, including assessing and managing patients in a clinical setting. Work collaboratively with health care professionals and staff for better patient outcomes. Provide education and instruction to patients and staff as needed.  ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: 1. Provide quality patient care 2. Obtain and document complete medical history and physical data on patients utilizing an electronic medical record (EMR). 3. Interpret and integrate data to determine appropriate therapeutic procedures as needed 4. Performs a complete physical exam and record findings. 5. Collaborate, as needed with physician(s) in managing the acute and long-term medical needs of each patient 6. Order and interpret appropriate laboratory and diagnostic procedures 7. Synthesize data to determine preliminary diagnosis and therapeutic plan utilizing principles of prevention 8. Prescribe medications and injections as appropriate and/or according to physician direction 9. Interview and advise patients regarding health and illness prevention 10. Recommend community resources to meet patient and family needs 11. Provide patient education and instruct patient and family regarding medications and treatment instructions 12. Triage telephone calls and provide consultation 13. Manage medical emergencies 14. Provide accurate information on all documentation 15. Timely documentation of the medical record (EMR) with all patient encounters whether in person, by telephone or via electronic format 16. Timely submission of billable services 17. Complete all necessary and/or required forms 18. Exercise HIPAA confidentiality and security measures at all times 19. Participate in clinical research activities as appropriate 20. Must have regular, reliable, predictable attendance in performance of essential job functions  RESPONSIBILITIES: 1. Maintain a courteous and professional manner towards patients, staff and family members 2. Demonstrate collegial working relationship with community providers 3. Participate in professional organizations to maintain relevance in area of expertise 4. Actively participate in team meetings as needed 5. Document work processes as required 6. Perform other duties as assigned  EXPERIENCE/QUALIFICATIONS/CERTIFICATIONS: 1. Master’s in Nursing (MSN) 2. National board certification as a Nurse Practitioner in area of specialty 3. Current Washington State ARNP license with prescriptive authority 4. Current DEA certificate 5. Maintain current CPR/BCLS, ACLS or PALS certification 6. Two years of experience as a Family Nurse Practitioner preferred  REQUIRED SKILLS: 1. Ability to perform quality check of own work to identify errors and correct them 2. Strong organizational and interpersonal skills 3. Familiarity with computers, especially Windows-based applications, and other office equipment such as fax machines, copiers, printers and multi-line phone systems 4. Ability to prioritize responsibilities 5. Ability to multi-task efficiently and effectively 6. Ability to act calmly and effectively in a busy or stressful situation 7. Ability to communicate effectively in the English language in person, by phone and in writing 8. Knowledge of professional nursing theory, practices and regulations to give and evaluate patient care 9. Knowledge of how to use medical equipment and instruments to administer patient care 10. Knowledge of common safety hazards and precautions to establish and maintain a safe work environment  PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS: 1. Hearing must be adequate to perform job duties in person and over the telephone 2. Visual acuity must be adequate to perform job duties, including reading information from printed sources and computer screens 3. Must be able to lift and carry items weighing up to 20 pounds 4. Must be able to bend, reach stand, walk, and sit






2-4-years-experience-needed ms-or-phd-needed