E-Force is a graphite composite company located in Carlsbad, CA.  E-Force is the industry leader in racquetball equipment selling its patented products through 2,500+ retail outlets in 20 countries. We are a growing company that has been in business for over 17 years and have long term plans to expand into other graphite sporting goods products.    The Social Media Marketing Specialist is responsible for creating, managing, maintaining all applicable social media and online activities. In the most general sense, “flood the internet” with the E-Force brand and information.  In addition, prepare reports to update management on usage statistics, as well as, perform continuous monitoring of competitors and customers internet activities.  Finally, keep up-to-date with all internet trends and vehicles.   Responsibilities:  • Design, implement and manage online, social media objectives and strategies to achieve company marketing objectives. • Flood the internet with E-Force in a manner which achieves brand image, sales and market share objectives. • Manage social media presence on Facebook, Twitter, Google+,  LinkedIn, Pinterest , Instagram, YouTube etc. • Design, implement and manage company websites. • Design, implement and manage E-Force presences on third party and customer websites. • Design, implement and manage other online marketing strategies and tools including blogs, eBlasts, etc. • Monitor trends in social media, tools, trends and applications to recommend new social media and digital marketing strategies. • Design, implement and manage company Search Engine Optimization efforts. • Define, execute and develop metrics for measuring social media strategy and tactics effectiveness/impact. • Analyze and report program performance; provide results and recommendations for improvement and new programs. • Provide insight on how social media platforms can be best utilized for B2B sales. • Assist in integrating E-Force online activities with other company marketing activities.  Requirements: • Minimum 2 years or equivalent related experience in digital marketing, social media including reporting and analytics. • Self starter and quick study , achiever, competitor, activator with the ability to prioritize focus, take command and accomplish objectives on time. • Experience in all areas of “Responsibility” described above. • Bachelor’s degree in business, marketing, journalism or communications preferred • Extreme efficiencies in social media for recreation, lifestyle, sporting goods or consumer products. • Excellent written communication skills. • Ability to efficiently creat content including photography, photo editing, video and video editing. • Demonstrated experience building and managing: Facebook, LinkedIn, Constant Contact, Twitter, Pinterest, Google+ and other sites. • Demonstrated experience in building and managing business websites. • Extensive experience in Search Engine Optimization and social media for B2B  • Looking to create personal growth and opportunity though success at this job.






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed