Coggin Honda in Ft. Pierce, a subsidiary of Asbury Automotive Group, which is the 5th largest automotive retailer in the country with over 77 stores and over 29 brands, is currently looking for Exceptional Sales Professionals!    *Coggin Honda of Ft. Pierce* has IMMEDIATE openings for Sales Professionals that are driven for success!    With our rich history of success and growth, we are looking to expand our workforce and are currently looking for driven, excited, dedicated individuals that are excited at the opportunity to join a winning team, and continue to drive home the culture of success that has been built.    We provide the best environment for enthusiastic, driven sales people to be successful.     *Will pay sign on bonus for the right individual with proven track record*      Professional Sales Consultants    Job Description  o Contacting and communicating with customers to identify needs using the Asbury Automotive Group Selling Process  o Build rapport with customers to build a base of referrals to establish customer network  o Test drives, present vehicle product information, pricing and incentives  o Close Deals  o Training will be Provided    Job Requirements  o Motivation to be Successful  o Great Customer Service Skills  o Be Able to Create and Maintain Customer Relationships  o Strong Computer & Phone Skills (Internet, MS Outlook, CRM, Eleads, Autotrader)  o Prior Sales Experience Preferred  o Maintain Professional Business Attire and Appearance  o Self-Starter and Ability to be a Great Team Player    Benefits  o Medical, Dental and Vision Insurance Available  o 401K Retirement  o Flexible Medical Spending Accounts  o Supplemental Life Insurance  o Short Term and Long Term Disability Packages  o Paid Vacation Time Off after 90 Days!  o Paid Training  o Promotions from Within? Excellent Advancement Opportunities  o Employee discounted purchases for you and your family     If you have experience in any of the following apply now! Sales Person, Sales Consultant, Sales, Customer Service, Retail, Accounts Executive, Brand Representative, Inside Sales, Outside Sales, Commissioned Sales, Retail Sales, Marketing Sales, Sales Representative, Auto Sales, Car Sales, Sales Management, Auto Business, Account Sales, Telemarketing, Receptionist, Phone Sales, Cold Calls, E-Commerce, E-Leads, E-Sales, Internet Marketing, Internet Sales.






