If you are a dependable and motivated individual who is mechanically inclined and interested in a career opportunity with an industry leading organization, then now is the time to join the American Home Protection team.  We are currently seeking experienced Security Alarm Technicians to complete new installations and service existing residential and light commercial accounts. In addition, you will confer with customers and suggest additional products and services to improve their system.    *Security Alarm Technician Job Responsibilities:*  As our Security Alarm Technician you will be providing quality installations services by establishing rapport with our customers and utilizing your expertise to identify opportunities to add products and services to their security system.   Your specific duties include:  •  Installing residential and light commercial systems accurately and efficiently •  Meeting or exceeding performance goals on a consistent basis •  Performing initial walkthrough of home/business to determine the optimal system configuration,   and to identify upselling opportunities •  Instructing customer in use of equipment  •  Insuring that documentation is properly completed and submitted •  Maintain inventory and manage schedule for installation availability •  Use of personal vehicle   *Qualifications:*  As our Security Alarm Technician, you must be a highly motivated and driven individual with solid technical skills and a strong work ethic. You must also be detail-oriented, organized with great time management, analytical and possess excellent decision-making skills.  It's also important that you display excellent presentation skills in order to quickly establish credibility and rapport with customers.  Specific requirements/ qualifications for the position include:  •  6 months minimum experience installing alarm systems in homes/small business •  High Diploma or GED •  Mechanical aptitude •  Good sales skills, strong upselling and closing abilities •  Strong customer service skills •  Commitment to safety •  Professional appearance and demeanor •  High enthusiasm, fun, and positive attitude •  Basic computer skills needed •  Basic knowledge of and ability to operate hand and power tools •  Ability to work Saturdays •  Valid Driver's License and Insurance •  Ability to pass criminal background check and drug screen test  •  Electronics/ electrical/ technical training at trade school preferred    *We offer:*  As a Security Alarm Technician with American Home Protection, you will be part of a stable organization with fun company culture and a commitment to providing team members with a great career path.  We provide extensive training and resources, along with ongoing education, growth opportunities, and leadership opportunities.  Specific benefits include:  •  Consistent Workload •  Competitive base pay per installation •  Uncapped commissions on upsells, some techs earn $250+ per installation! •  Career Growth Opportunity- Level 3 Tech and Field Service Supervisor positions available to qualified candidates •  Continual company support, resources, and excellent communication processes in place •  No office commute.  Equipment is drop shipped to your residence. •  Training provided on all equipment and processes •  Weekly Pay   *Average annual earnings $45,000+. Our top performers are currently earning $100,000+*  American Home Protection is an equal opportunity employer and a drug-free workplace.  For immediate consideration, please include your resume' along with a *COVER LETTER* explaining why you feel that you are an ideal fit for this career opportunity.






full-time-job