Anesthesiologists needed  LB Healthcare Staffing is a Woman Owned Small Business, healthcare staffing agency, which affords us to provide a more personalized and focused service to our physicians  We have 19+ years of locum tenens experience, and during that time, have assisted in physician coverage in many government facilities.   LB Healthcare Staffing is recruiting for three (3) full time, Board Certified/Eligible Anesthesiologist positions at the Minneapolis VA Medical Center (MVAMC) for a contract lasting 3 years. The anesthesiologist will support a staff of 7-8 Anesthesiologists and 23-25 CRNAs in a training program for CRNAs with the University of Minnesota.  Services are estimated to begin 2/1/14 (or date of award) – 1/31/2015 with 2 option (extension) years.  This Medical Center performs all types of complex surgery (except transplantation) including cardiopulmonary bypass procedures, surgical subspecialties for ENT, Eye, General Surgery, Gynecology, Colon rectal, Neurosurgery, Orthopedics, Plastics, Podiatry, Urology and Vascular surgery.   Any active state license is required; however, applicants must be eligible for an adjunct University of MN affiliate appointment. Appointments to the University will be coordinated after award through the VAMC Medical Center staff.  A Minnesota license will be required for this appointment.  It is preferred that the applicant have an active MN license.  If the license is inactive or incomplete, LB Healthcare Staffing can assist in the reactivation process.  Job responsibilities:  • Provide direct care anesthesiology services for the full range of operative procedures including administration of anesthetic agents, pre-procedures assessment, intra-procedure monitoring and post-procedure follow-up as appropriate and in collaboration with CRNAs.  • Administer anesthetics and conduct supportive therapy both intra operatively and for clinical procedures.  • Undertake post-operative care referable to anesthesiology.  • Perform acute pain control procedures and do post-operative pain management consultation.  • Patient treatment documentation to any/all clinical records will occur immediate and be compliant with CMS/GME standards.  • Furnish technical and professional direction to any anesthesiology residents in training at MVAHCS.  • Furnish consultation referable to anesthesiology. Contractor will provide consultative services, evaluation and initial treatment in an organized and properly directed manner, consistent with the defined capability of the Medical Center.  • Furnish emergency call service in rotation with anesthesiology staff and other contractors. Current rotation is 1 of every 7 days and every 7th weekend, but may be altered based on requirements. Emergency call service is defined as the availability of and provision of all Anesthesiology services required during period outside of normal working hours including weekend and holidays. Providers should be on-call for VA only when scheduled for on-call performance.  • Participate in the Medical Center “code team” with the responsibility for managing airways and respiratory resuscitation issues in collaboration with CRNA’s; consultation regarding airway management in inpatient and outpatient areas as well as for sedation/anesthesia for procedure performed throughout the Medical Center.  • Provide management of patients in the Post Anesthesia Care Unit.  • Participate in appropriate conferences at MVAHCS related to patient care and allied programs.  • Assist in establishing and maintaining accreditation education programs for training house staff and allied health personnel.  • Assist in maintain quality assurance programs referable to Anesthesiology. Ensure the work in Anesthesiology complies with all applicable Joint Commission standards.  • Maintain the highest standard of integrity and mutual respect during interactions with patients, nurses, resident and other physicians and other health care professionals.  Normal Tour of Duty: • Day Tour: Start time is 6:00-7:00 am – End time is 2:30-3:30 (start time depends on case load) • Late MD: Start time is 7:00 am – End time is 5:30 pm • Post call: 24 hour call 7:00 am – 7:00 am • Anesthesiologists must sign in the OR Log Book no later than 7:00 am • Call Coverage rotates department coverage with seven staff anesthesiologist.  Call coverage Monday – Thursday is 7:00 am – 7:00 am.  Weekend call starts Friday morning at 7:00 am and continues through Monday morning at 7:00 am. For more information, please contact:   XXX  Laura Bloxham – Director Judy Hepworth – Staffing Coordinator   It would be an honor to be your locum tenens representative.  We are happy to offer you the attention and quality service that you deserve.






full-time-job licence-needed