SUMMARY Our Fortune 500 client is searching for a highly motivated senior accountant to help with the accounting, reconciliation, reporting and loading of financial data for several legal entities within their business group in The Woodlands, Texas.   In addition to the General Accounting functions this role will also include banking, cost accounting, fixed assets and corporate consolidations with approximately $1 Billion in revenue.  This person should be a self-starter, able to work independently, with strong business acumen, detailed oriented, inquisitive and focused on improving and driving best practices.    ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:  Accounting:  •Perform accounting functions as assigned including, but not limited to:  •Bookkeeping for multiple entities including US & Canada ledgers. •Manage the month end closing process for those ledgers.  •Ensure account reconciliations are current, complete and follow policy. •Month end reporting and loading data into consolidation tools.  •Work closely with controllers and manufacturing to ensure proper recording of revenue and cost recognition.   •Establish best practices for new acquisitions to align current process with company policies.    •Liaison between accounting and other controller functions such as A/P and A/R. •Assists in preparation of monthly management report and accompanying schedules, worksheets and narratives, including “Budget vs. Actual” variance reports. Assist in providing follow-up and documentation of significant variances.  •Assist with completion of the quarterly and annual regulatory filings. Audits & Examinations:  •Assist with annual external, internal audits and DOA examination.  •Complete requested materials.  •Assist in preparing assigned schedules for the annual and internal audits.  Banking/Cash:  •Coordinate and resolve various issues with bank such as cleared check differences, bank fee anomalies, targeted balance calculations and enhancements to online services. •Record and reconcile the daily cash & netting process between bank and book.  •Bank liaison for the responsible entities.   Other:  •Corporate consolidations of business in Oracle and Kahlix.  REQUIRED/PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: •Thorough understanding of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).  •Strong analytical and accounting skills.  •Intermediate to advanced experience with MS Word, MS Excel, MS Outlook and or similar programs.  •Intermediate to advanced knowledge of major accounting software packages for both general ledger and statutory accounting.  Oracle & Sage ( FAS) preferred  •Must be able to effectively handle multiple projects simultaneously in a deadline driven environment.  •Excellent verbal, written communication and interpersonal skills.  •Ability to work independently and as part of a team and take on new tasks with high level of difficulty.  •The individual will be expected to work with minimal up-front guidance and take ownership of his / her work product. The individual will work closely with all major functional leaders of the Company.  EDUCATION/EXPERIENCE: Bachelors of Science in Accounting or equivalent from an accredited university.  Four years minimum experience in accounting, preferably in a manufacturing environment.






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed