We are looking for an energetic, positive person to join our in-house Sales Team. Real Carriage Door Co. is a small, but fast-growing Washington state manufacturer of custom doors and high quality hardware. We are an ecommerce company, and our products are sold internationally. You must be passionate about high quality products and have strong writing and communication skills. You must be a forward thinker with enthusiasm for selling high quality products. Come join our team!  ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES • Sell custom doors and sliding hardware to customers on the phone or in person.  • Develop an in-depth understanding of door and hardware products to assist clients with orders.  • Describe merchandise and explain use and operation to customers. Help customers make selections by building customer confidence in our quality products.  • Conduct follow up calls to potential and existing customers via telephone and email.  • Answer customer emails with proficient writing skills. • Prepare door and hardware quotes.  • Take in sales and process orders over the phone or in person.  QUALIFICATIONS • Prefer Associates Degree or better • Excellent communication skills and phone etiquette • Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite-Word, Excel, Outlook • Must have strong math and conceptual skills • Ability to work independently but also able to take directions • Ability to maintain high levels of organization • Positive attitude and dedicated work ethic • Mechanical aptitude is preferred. • General interest in Interior Design, Industrial design, or Architecture is necessary. • Act as a fully functioning member of a team. This requires each person on the team to have a close working relationship, rapport, and a willingness to work together as one unit with respect to the rest of the company, its customers, and its vendors. This also means promoting the company's values, visions, and objectives at all times.  Hours: M-F, 8:30AM-5:00PM Background checks and drug screening required for qualified applicants. We are a drug free company! No phone calls about this job. We are accepting RESUMES only. Fax to  XXX  or email us at address listed above.






associate-needed full-time-job