GetWellNetwork is a high-growth software company in the healthcare industry and is based in the Washington DC-area with employees located throughout the country. We pioneered the interactive patient care industry. Our clients are changing the nature of healthcare in America by using our tools to flip the model of patient care on its head. Our software applications empower healthcare providers, patients and families with information, tools and community needed along the patient journey to improve outcomes.  Our employees are changing the lives of over a million of patients and their families every day. If you consider yourself a rock star who loves working in a high-growth, dynamic environment filled with passionate employees then we want to meet with you, as we have your dream job!   *Opportunity:*  GetWellNetwork is seeking a talented technical information analyst/trainer to help accelerate and improve the level of technical knowledge in our client experience team and for our clients. A solid background in writing technical documents, training and effective collaborative knowledge sharing is required.  With a unique cross functional perspective, the technical information analyst/trainer is a key link between our technical knowledge producers (engineers) and our consumers (the client experience team and our clients).  You will collaborate closely with product management, engineering, quality assurance and our client experience teams, to identify and prioritize training and to ensure a library of training, information and lab-work is available to support the effective consumption of technical information to serve our clients.   *Duties and Responsibilities:*  * Understand from the client perspective (client experience team, client system managers and client IT/engineering teams) the top training and technical information needs to improve our ability to deliver a top quality uninterrupted patient experience using GetWellNetwork. * Translate these top training and information needs into a project plan of scheduled training, documentation and other aids to meet the client experience needs. * Collaborate with product management, engineering, quality assurance and client experience teams to deliver against the project plan. * Build a collaboration and knowledge sharing network approach - such that experts are authors for their domain expertise, but their core knowledge is then picked up and packaged in a way that allows the consumers to make good use of the information to serve clients.  * Work with knowledge producers to package the information in the most useful “just in time” way for the knowledge consumers. * Build a calendar of on-going internal and external training events and maintain a library of materials from prior events to allow for new and transferring employees to benefit from the knowledge already created. * Select and implement the appropriate training tools to allow for effective and cost effective training both internally and externally. * Build positive relationships and trust through on-time delivery, high quality and continuous innovation by exceeding expectations.  *Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:*  * Ability to work alone or with a team of diverse individuals. * Ability to work with highly technical, highly busy individuals. * Flexible working style; ability to change direction as the business needs change. * Driven to serve - understands that success is measured by the demonstration of applied knowledge by the clients and client experience team. * Knowledge of on-demand training and web-based training tools helpful. * Excellent, proven writing skills. * Be self-directed, self disciplined and always be ready and willing to do tasks themselves in order to keep the process flowing.  * Knowledgeable about different training techniques, tools and solutions in the technical training field. * Ability to manage multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced, constantly changing environment.  *Special Requirements:*  * Passionate, hard-working, flexible, and willing to contribute in multiple areas * Energetic team player * Creative problem-solver  *Credentials & Experience:*  * Bachelor’s degree in applicable discipline required   To learn more about GetWellNetwork, our people and culture, please visit our website at www.example.com.






bs-degree-needed