Southern Technical College is now accepting resumes for an Externship Coordinator.  We help students achieve their educational and career goals!  Our vision is for students to “Get In, Get Out, and Get Ahead!”  Southern Technical College offers Diploma and Associate’s degrees and specializes in allied health and applied technology programs.  The college is licensed by the state of Florida, approved by the Department of Education, and nationally accredited.  Job summary: Reporting directly to the Executive Director of the campus, the Externship Coordinator is responsible for coordinating, facilitating and supervising the externship training and student transition from class work to externship site assignment and then to graduate in preparation for job placement.  The Externship Coordinator’s primary responsibilities entail locating, maintaining and acquiring new externship sites and contracts and scheduling students’ externship assignments. The externship coordinator also serves as the instructor for the externship courses.  Summary of essential job functions • Oversee the placement of students at externship sites to complete their training in our accredited programs that require externship hours for graduation.  • Select externship sites that are adequate in the size and scope of their operation to meet each program’s externship training needs,  • Conduct site visitations before and after students are sent for externship to evaluate site staff and the training opportunities. • Coordinate student scheduling and meeting any site pre-requisites, such as drug testing, background checks or health screenings. • Responsible for collecting and entering externship attendance records.  • Work in the community on a continual basis to evaluate new sites and obtain new site contracts. • Manage all externship initiatives, and resolve student externship issues in a timely manner. • Maintain current and accurate records to effectively document the goals and metrics required for success in this position have been met, as outlined by the Executive Director and Director of Career Services. • Present Externship and Site Assignment orientation workshops. • Ensure externship sites have been established, with a current fully executed contract (signed by the externship site and campus director), prior to any externship start date. • Oversee the completion of student externship training, in compliance with accreditation requirements, company policy, and all related regulations. • Facilitate the student transition from class work to externship to graduate in preparation for placement, by holding workshops, one on one coaching, seminars, and other student activities. • Establish and maintain contact with local employers to obtain information on externship opportunities, develop and enhance working relationships, and to facilitate student placement. • Locate and acquire new externship sites to match goals set by the  Director of Career Services. • Track students’ externship attendance and ensure that all hours for externship assignments are completed, as determined by the program curriculum and any regulatory requirements. • Achieve the extern-to-placement conversion percentage as determined by the Executive Director and Director of Career Services. • Work towards the permanent placement of students at their externship sites. • Responsible for achieving weekly, monthly, and quarterly placement goals. • Complete working knowledge of compliance with federal, state, accreditation, company, and any other regulatory agency policies. • Perform other duties as assigned.  Minimum requirements • Associate’s degree required, or at least 1 year completion of post-secondary education and at least 3 years’ experience in Career Services, staffing/recruiting, Human Resources, or workforce counseling and coaching. • Must have three years of related practical work experience in the field of study offered at the campus.  I.E., Medical Assisting or Medical Billing and Coding • Experience in career services preferred or employment background in any of the following: job placement at a vocational school, college, or university; staffing agency; recruiter; government sponsorship agency; or marketing/sales. • Highly developed communication and networking skills in order to work efficiently with students and employers/externship sites • Exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail to be able to place students on externship and complete all required paperwork in a timely manner. • Well-developed presentation and writing skills. • Exceptional social interaction skills. • Ability to prioritize, multi-task, perform well under pressure, meet deadlines, and work flexible schedule. • Must be professional in all aspects of the position including appearance, demeanor, and attitude. • Proficient in MS Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint. • Qualified candidates must have access to reliable transportation to travel to and from local externship sites and to College sponsored events.  PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS  The physical requirements described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  • While performing the duties of this job, the employee is constantly required to sit and use hands to write, operate telephone, type and operate computer and mouse.  The employee is frequently required to talk, hear, stand and walk.  Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision and distance vision. • Travel to various potential externship sites will be required.  WORK ENVIRONMENT   The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  • While performing the duties of this job, the employee is in a typical office environment. • The noise level in the work environment is moderate.  Disclaimer The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. All personnel may be required to perform duties outside of their normal responsibilities from time to time, as needed.






associate-needed 1-year-experience-needed