We're a mover and shaker in the automotive business and need a individual who can build and manage his or her own business (within a business) and complement our team of automotive eagles!  If you have the horsepower to take on this critical position, hit our high standards, and grow with our company, send your resume to through indeed.com.  Include a separate write-up describing the most significant impact you've had in your current job.    We provide the industry's best continuous training program.  We realize that a compensation package needs to be very aggressive to continue to build our team of eagles and is based on performance, not tenure.  You'll be surrounded by winners driven by a vision to be the best!  Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned.   Examines customer vehicles. Identifies necessary vehicle repairs and maintenance. Maintains Customer Satisfaction Scores at or above company standards. Estimates cost of repairs. Performs vehicle repairs and maintenance. Documents services performed. Performs services efficiently and according to dealership guidelines. Follows dealership and manufacturer service guidelines. Requests necessary parts. Follows Safeguards rules and regulations.     Job Requirements:  At least 2 years of service technician experience ASE certifications a plus A high level of motivation and demonstrated ability to learn and succeed. Ability to read and comprehend instructions and information. Proven knowledge of vehicle mechanical operations. Professional appearance. Valid in-state driver’s license with good driving record Submit to and successfully complete MVR, background check, and pre-employment drug test      We offer:  Performance Based Pay Plans Paid Factory Training 50/50 Uniforms Catastrophic Tool Insurance Successful Team approach with Doing Business the Right Way Focus    Benefits Include  Our team members enjoy a positive working environment with opportunities for professional growth through training and advancement from within the organization. Our team members also enjoy a comprehensive benefits program including:   Medical and prescription coverage Employee Assistance Program Employee discounts on vehicle purchases, parts and service Paid-time-off We also offer a group of supplemental benefit plans including dental coverage, short-term disability, long-term disability, and supplemental life insurance. Comprehensive employee recognition programs.






licence-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed