Contract – 2,080 hours  DLG Consulting (DLGC) provides Information Technology, Information Security, Project Management, Business Analysis and Technology solutions through placement of certified professionals in temporary staff, contract-to-hire and direct-hire positions.  www.example.com  www.example.com  Must respond by 5PM CST Sunday 10/13/2013  Business Analyst 3 [ID# DPA14-66]  Working Title: IT Business Systems Analyst  Description of Duties  The selected BSA is expected to take a leading role in the gathering and documentation of requirements, in the analysis of existing business process and in the identification of process issues and improvements. The position will report to the AE Information Technology PMO Business Systems Analyst Supervisor.   Services to be performed may include, but not be limited, to the following:  - Investigates and analyzes problems and business processes and requirements, including impact analysis of the change on the systems and business areas, and be able to recommend appropriate alternatives/solutions.  - Determine viable solutions for process improvement needs. - Facilitates and function as a liaison between the business and technical teams in analyzing and assessing solutions to meet business and user needs through the requirements.   Skills, abilities and experience will include, but are not limited to, the following:   - Experience with analysis, problem solving, critical thinking, solution proposal and decision making along with a customer focus, results orientation and business sense. - Knowledge of organizing, planning and prioritizing work. - Skills in teamwork, communication, innovation, adaptability, and decision making, along with customer focus, results orientation and business sense. - Skill in business or technical writing as evidence by previous work‐related experience. - Ability to analyze, test and document. - Ability in using logic, and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusion or approaches to problems. - Ability to meet deadlines and communicate the status of assignments. - Unwavering focus on details, process and quality. - Comfortable with tight deadlines.   Minimum Years’ Experience and Skills  Yes - Graduation from an accredited four-year college or university with major course work in Business or Information Science or in a field related to the job  8 - Experience in IT Business system analysis, including eliciting, identifying and documenting requirements (functional, non-functional, and technical) 8 - Experience in conducting business process analysis and documenting the business process flows. 8 - Experience in conducting use case analysis and documenting the use cases  5 - Experience with project management methodologies such WBS (work breakdown structure) development, coordination of people and resources, project schedules, etc.   5 - Proficient in Microsoft Office Applications (e.g. Word, Vision, Outlook, PowerPoint, Project)  5 - Knowledgeable in the use of Microsoft Project and SharePoint.  Preferred Years’ Experience and Skills  2 - Prior experience in agile methodology  2 - Prior experience working with COTS customized projects  2 - Prior experience working with regulated utility industry  Term of Service: October 2013 – September 2014 811 Barton Springs Road, Austin, TX 78704 8AM – 5PM – Monday through Friday  All qualified applicants receive consideration without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, sex or age.






full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed