Project Lead – Austin 78751 DLG Consulting - Austin, TX   Contract – 1,387 hours in FY14 and 1,733 hours in FY15  DLG Consulting (DLGC) provides Information Technology, Information Security, Project Management, Business Analysis and Technology solutions through placement of certified professionals in temporary staff, contract-to-hire and direct-hire positions.  www.example.com  www.example.com  Must respond by noon CST 01/13/2014  Direct inquiries only (no 3rd party submittals).  Must be authorized to work in the United States; no H-1B sponsorship available.  Project Lead II (Emerging) [ID#  XXX B]  Description of Duties  Project Overview:  The worker will be assigned to the DADS Information Technology (IT) Project Management Office (PMO) team and will plan, organize, prioritize, and schedule projects for the CARE Retirement project.   Work involves day to day responsibility for management of a project team and providing team leadership.   The analysis effort will include defining, documenting and developing processes, requirements and related training for automated systems. The services to be provided include, but are not limited, to the following:  A. Worker provides overall guidance to the project, oversees detailed analysis processes and approves deliverables. B. Worker ensures appropriate resources are assigned to the project team.  Worker serves as the liaison to project and executive sponsors for project progress. C. Worker resolves issues identified by project team or escalates issues for management resolution. D. Worker ensures compliance with:  approved standard operating policies and procedures (SOPs);  approved scalable project management methodology including justification, initiation, planning, executing, monitoring and controlling, and closing;  the Texas Project Delivery Framework, software engineering procedures including requirements, design, coding, testing, deployment;  and quality and testing standards for deployment into production. E. Worker shall have strong writing, analytical, interpersonal, organizational, and communication skills with project management experience.  F. Worker will perform tasks under general supervision with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment.  All communication with internal and external staff will be handled in a professional manner. G. Worker will coordinate with IT project leads, DADS program and other subject matter experts, contractor representatives, and other state agency representatives as required to ensure necessary tasks, deliverables and timelines are completed. H. Worker will perform meeting and/or presentation preparation tasks as needed (e.g., prepare or oversee preparation of and provide agendas and pre-meeting materials as well as follow-up notes, post-meeting materials, assignment follow-up and related activities.)  I. Worker coordinates with project leads to ensure projects are completed on time and within budget, scope, and quality agreements outlined in approved project documentation, including change management documents, as required. J. Worker will ensure compliance with all Federal, State, and agency laws, rules, policies, and procedures including SOPs that govern DADS IT. K. Worker will be skilled in the use of the complete MS Office product line. L. Other duties as assigned.  Worker Skills and Qualifications (Required)  Minimum Requirements: Years - Skills/Experience  5 - Extensive work experience and understanding of project management lifecycle (PMLC) and system development lifecycle (SDLC) methodologies. 5 - Experience in identifying potential project risks and issues and documenting strategies to accept, mitigate, or avoid. 5 - Experience in conducting meetings and/or presentation preparation tasks as needed (e.g., prepare or oversee preparation of and provide agendas and pre-meeting materials as well as follow-up notes, post-meeting materials, assignment follow-up, and related activities. 5 - Experience in MS Office Suite. 5 - Must have a strong analytical, problem-identification and process analysis skills with the ability to envision a solution from requirements.   5 - Strong writing, interpersonal, organizational, and communications skills with project management experience. 5 - Works under limited supervision with considerable latitude for the use of initiative and independent judgment.  Relies on limited experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Strong - Must have excellent communication skills both orally and in writing.  Preferred / Optional Requirements: Years - Skills/Experience  3 - Experience working in a State/Federal government environment. 3 - Project Management Professional (PMP) certification.  WORK HOURS AND LOCATION M-F 8am-5pm - Austin, Texas 78751  All qualified applicants receive consideration without regard to race, creed, color, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status, sex or age.






5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job