We’re looking for a tech-savvy, passionate and energetic individual to serve as our Marketing Manager to focus on and be responsible for marketing, communications, media relations and social media platforms including Twitter, Facebook and others. Good World Games is more than simply a social game developer, we are all about introducing fun and entertaining games to the world that make an impact. Our games benefit a variety of leading non-profit organizations that work with us to spread the word about our games. Our team is small but creative, collaborative and fun!    This is a Full Time position that offers competitive pay and benefits, along with opportunities for growth within our company.    *Responsibilities:*  -Work with Management to craft marketing plan and objectives  -Execute and manage ongoing marketing initiatives  -Draft and create communications & social media material  -Manage social media activities  -Manage PR & media relations    Requirements:  -Based in Miami-Dade or Broward Counties, Florida  -Minimum 3 years’ experience working in digital marketing  -Must be available to work a minimum of 40 hours a week  -A very strong interest and familiarity in social media, marketing & communications  -Strong writing and grammar skills  -Ability to multi-task and change gears quickly  -Knowledge of HTML, Twitter and Facebook Fan pages  -Hard worker who’s good with details  -Excellent written and verbal skills  STRONG PLUS: have worked at games companies  STRONG PLUS: can demonstrate past success    You will join a skilled and experienced team, working in one of the most dynamic spaces in the tech world today!     Email us with something that best conveys why you will be a great addition to our team. You can include your bio, but we’re also looking for something that will get our attention! In any case, please do not send any emails with files that total more than 10MB and don’t forget to include your full name and tell us where you live. We will respond quickly if we are interested. We apologize in advance if we don’t get back to you as the volume of applications is usually significant. Thanks!






full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed