Pin Up Marketing - Email Marketing Sales Sales Representative - Virtual Office With and In-Person Visits to Existing and Prospective Customers.   JOB TITLE: Sales Representative - Commission Sales  General Summary: Achieves maximum sales profitability, growth and account penetration within an assigned territory and/or market segment by effectively selling the company’s products and/or related services.  Personally contacts and secures new business accounts/customers.  CORE FUNCTIONS: • Promotes/sells/secures orders from existing and prospective customers through a relationship-based approach. • Demonstrates products and services to existing/potential customers and assists them in selecting those best suited to their needs.  DETAILS OF FUNCTION: • Establishes, develops and maintains business relationships with current customers and prospective customers in the assigned territory/market segment to generate new business for the organization’s products/services. • Makes telephone calls and in-person visits and presentations to existing and prospective customers. • Researches sources for developing prospective customers and for information to determine their potential. • Develops clear and effective written proposals/quotations for current and prospective customers. • Expedites the resolution of customer problems and complaints. • Coordinates sales effort with marketing, sales management, accounting, logistics and technical service groups. • Analyzes the territory/market’s potential and determines the value of existing and prospective customers value to the organization. • Creates and manages a customer value plan for existing customers highlighting profile, share and value opportunities. • Identifies advantages and compares organization’s products/services. • Plans and organizes personal sales strategy by maximizing the Return on Time Investment for the territory/segment. • Supplies management with oral and written reports on customer needs, problems, interests, competitive activities, and potential for new products and services. • Keeps abreast of product applications, technical services, market conditions, competitive activities, advertising and promotional trends through the reading of pertinent literature and consulting with marketing and technical service areas. • Participates in trade shows and conventions.  REPORTING: • Reports directly to the Sales Manager.  QUALIFICATIONS: Must possess 2 years experience in the Sales (preferrably Automotive) sector. Demonstrated aptitude for problem-solving; ability to determine solutions for customers (consultative sales approach). Must be results-orientated and able to work both independently and within a team environment. Must possess excellent verbal and written communication skills. Proficiency in using Microsoft Office Suite applications and contact management software. Valid driver’s license.






2-4-years-experience-needed