SUMMARY:  Under supervision of the Office Supervisor, the Receptionist is responsible for representing the clinical office in a courteous and efficient manner by answering telephone calls, scheduling appointments, receiving and assisting patients.  ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following.  Other duties  may be assigned.  1.    Answer incoming calls, determine nature of calls and route to appropriate individual. 2.    Schedule patient appointments and maintain proper scheduling information for individual physicians. 3.    Receive, register, and check out patients in a courteous and friendly manner. 4.    Receive payments and code encounter forms with proper payment distribution, as well as CPT and ICD9 codes. 5.    Reconcile daily cash receipts; prepare and make bank deposits daily. 6.    Responsible for data retrieval of patient information from the computer system for daily appointment and telephone calls. 7.    Responsible for verification of current information such as address, insurance, etc. 8.    Responsible for the input of departmental patient data into the computer system. 9.    Record and maintain all patient names, account numbers, and chart numbers on a back-up card system in event of computer down time. 10.    Pull patient charts for appointments and file and replace charts as necessary. 11.    Assemble new patient charts as needed. 12.    Purge old patient charts as needed.  QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS:   To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.  The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this job.  EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE: High school diploma or general education degree (GED) required with successful completion of an ICD-9 and CPT coding course recommended.  One to two years healthcare experience preferred.  Previous receptionist experience preferred.  TO APPLY:  go to www.example.com under Job Openings and fully complete the online Quillen ETSU Physicians application.  Thank you!  EEO Employer/VET/Disability






1-year-experience-needed