Total Retail Services, Inc. (TRS) is a National Company that services our customer’s products within major retail stores including Wal-Mart, Kmart, Toys R Us, Michael’s and smaller regional chains and independent accounts, has an immediate opening for Part Time Field Merchandiser in Greenville, NC and surrounding areas.     Our part-time merchandisers enjoy flexible hours, convenient on-line reporting, and semi-monthly pay.  TRS offers a competitive hourly wage of $11.00 per hour and mileage reimbursement at $0.40 per mile.     Specific Duties     •Maintain, clean, arrange, and stock displays with items manufactured or distributed by TRS.  •Maintain service schedule/frequency for all assigned retail accounts  •Route and plan store calls in an efficient manner as to maximize time and resources     Minimum Qualifications     •Reliable transportation/good driving history  •Valid Driver’s License  •Proof of Auto Insurance  •Digital Photo Capabilities in order to produce pictures of fixture set ups in stores  •Internet access with downloading and printing capabilities  •Must have word/excel software  •Email address and access to a phone with voicemail  •Ability to meet and adhere to deadlines  •Merchandising or retail experience is a plus!     Skills     •Ability to work independently, yet be a team player  •Ability to interact effectively  •Ability to communicate clearly and concisely  •Able to lift 50 lbs. and reach 6 feet up     The above description reflects the details considered necessary to describe the principal functions of the job and should not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be performed in the job.     If you are interested in this position, please forward your resume.     For more information on the products we service please visit www.example.com.     Additional Information  Job Status:  Part-Time  Status:  Non-Exempt       Please, no phone inquiries     Recruiters/Staffing Agents, please do not contact this job poster






part-time-job hourly-wage