*POSITION SUMMARY:*  The Tax Analyst is responsible for the administration of policies and procedures as they relate to all sales and use tax services and supporting transactional documentation. Supports the Tax Supervisor in ensuring the tax department is the center of excellence for tax information and compliance. In addition, the Tax Analyst is responsible for providing resolution assistance for complex customer and supplier tax discrepancies.     *PRIMARY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:*  1. Build and improve on various tax processes and internal control environment.  2. Prepare monthly, quarterly and other periodic sales and use tax returns.  3. Reconcile sales and use tax liability with general ledger team on a monthly basis.  4. Acts as a single point of contact for business groups at OBS and acts as a facilitator between parties.  5. Enforce consistent adherence to resale and exemption certificate requirements prior to submission to GBS,  including proper application of detail and notation for documents into resale certificate management tool.  6. Review processes and revise procedure to enhance efficiency and quality.  7. Provide single point of contact resolution assistance for complex customer tax discrepancies currently  facilitated externally.  8. Perform internal reviews of resale certificates and supporting documentation to ensure transaction validity  and traceability during audits.  9. Work with Corporate Treasury on various tax issues.  10. Develop training materials to be used with ongoing education of our customers.  To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential  duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability  required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.     *EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE:*  o Bachelor’s Degree in Tax, Accounting, or Business Management is required  o Functional responsibilities in shared service environment preferred  o 3+ years experience required  o Big 4 professional experience a plus   Any equivalent combination of related education and/or experience may be considered.   *KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, & ABILITIES:*  o Knowledge of US Tax terminology, concepts, practices and procedures  o Knowledge of international tax requirements  o Strong organizational skills in terms of project management and meeting facilitation as  demonstrated in previous work experience  o Experience in leading small to large projects  o Outstanding problem-solving skills  o Strong communication (verbal and written) skills (ability to articulate business solutions  and at the same time have the ability to communicate with technical teams to develop  and configure solutions)  o Ability to understand and succeed in a performance based metric driven environment   This position requires the ability to demonstrate the following competencies:  o Benchmarking  o Excellent judgment and conflict management skills  o Accountability and execution  o Excellent analytical, facilitation and negotiation skills  o Ability to communicate effectively with all levels in the organization  o Intellectual flexibility & technical acumen






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed