POSITION SUMMARY:   Manages and controls the activities of the facility, machines, equipment, processes and co-workers engaged in the fabrication and assembly of corrugated cartons and inner-packaging.  Ensure that goods and services are produced efficiently and that the correct amount is produced at the right cost and level of quality.       PRIMARY DUTIES AND/OR RESPONSIBILITIES:   •Safety and Health of self, co-workers and visitors; perform required management activities.    •Support and maintain ISO 9001 activities required within the scope of the position responsibility.    •Ensuring that the production is cost effective; recommends measures to improve production methods, equipment and performance efficiencies.    •Managing and overseeing the production, shipping  and maintenance process,    •Estimating costs and setting the quality standards Making sure that products are produced on time and are of good quality;    •Attain approval and execute on human and material resources needed;    •Drafting a timescale and schedules manufacturing and project activities.    •Monitoring the production processes and making adjustments as needed;    •Responsible for the selection and maintenance of equipment;    •Monitoring product standards and implementing quality-control programs.    •Has the authority to initiate action to prevent the occurrence of any non-conformities relating to product, process and quality system; identify and record any problems relating to the product, process and quality system.    •Liaising among different departments, e.g.  customers, suppliers, managers;    •Reviews errors and complaints and assists in any corrective or preventative action.    •Interfaces with local, state and federal agencies as needed for reporting purposes.    •Support and maintain environmental compliance.    •Working with managers to implement the company's policies and goals;    •Managing and motivating a team of workers;    •Identification of Training Needs    •Works to develop and improve direct reports by pursuing opportunities for continuous learning/feedback; constructive coaching; this includes performance management.    •Administrative duties such as attendance, vacation, etc…    •Ensuring that all direct report(s) co-workers meet his or her deadlines in all activities and organizational requests.    •Directly manages and coordinates the activities of the Production Converting and Printing Supervisors,  General Supervisor, etc…This position manages responsibilities in accordance with the organization’s policies, applicable laws and the union agreement between the Teamsters and the company.    •Other responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, and developing co-workers; planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance; disciplining employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems. Safety of co-workers, customers and visitors    •Performs other duties and/or responsibilities as requested.






supervising-job