*Miner Underground*   *Overview of Property* The Greens Creek Mine, located on Admiralty Island, 18 miles south of Juneau, is an underground polymetallic mine employing approximately 320 people. The mine is owned and operated by Hecla Mining Company, headquartered in Coeur D’Alene, Idaho.  Established in 1891, Hecla has a rich history as a  distinguished and respected precious metals producer.  Winner of numerous safety and environmental awards, Greens Creek is seeking new team members committed to professional growth and success.  *Health & Welfare Benefits* Greens Creek is pleased to offer competitive compensation and a comprehensive and flexible benefit plan to provide Health and Welfare, and income protection coverage for employees and their eligible dependents. Employees can customize their benefit plans to the level of coverage desired as well as to the needs of their dependents. In addition to the flexible coverage options, the company makes a significant contribution towards the cost of the benefits.  *Community* Juneau, Alaska's capital is the third largest city in the state. Like Alaska, Juneau is full of contrasts, a sophisticated cosmopolitan city in the heart of the Tongass National Forest. Nestled at the base of mountains overlooking the Gastineau Channel, Juneau is surrounded by intercoastal waterways, lush rain forests, rugged mountainsides and awe-inspiring glaciers. This small city has it all, the adventure of the \"last frontier\" as well as good education system, year round cultural and sports activities, a wide variety of entertainment, world class fishing and wildlife viewing, temperate weather and a strong sense of community. Juneau is also rich in mining history and Greens Creek is proud to contribute to that heritage by operating in a safe and environmentally responsible manner.  *Position Summary:* Performs all aspects of mechanized underground hard-rock mining, including work place inspection, prepping, drilling, loading, blasting, muck removal and ground control (rock bolting).  *Essential Functions and Responsibilities of the Position:* Operates and performs routine operator and preventative maintenance on the following:   Electro hydraulic jumbos and Bolters (single and double boom)  Underground haul trucks (40T and 20T)  LHD/scoop  Other mine operations equipment as needed   Works with and provides direction to support help and others to complete underground development and production mining.  Can follow basic survey directions, including maps, prints, grade lines, etc; interfaces and interprets data with engineers and geologists.    Other duties may be assigned.  Employees must comply with attendance, safety, environmental and HR policies. Successful candidate must demonstrate the following behavioral skills: productive communication, cooperation, productivity, initiative, creativity, dependability.  While performing the duties of this job, employees may be frequently required to stand, walk or sit for extended periods of time; use hand and fingers to handle or feel; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl; regularly required to talk and hear.  The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 50 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 75 pounds.  Specific vision requirements f or this job include close vision, distance vision, and the ability to adjust focus.  Employees may be frequently exposed to underground work environments; outside weather conditions, wet and/or humid conditions; extreme cold, extreme heat, potentially hazardous wildlife; moving mechanical parts; high precarious places; fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals; risk of electrical shock; explosives and vibration.  The noise level in most work environments is usually very loud. This position may require work on nights, weekends and rotating shifts; shift schedules may require residency in on-island camp during work rotations.    *Experience* Four years experience operating directly related mining equipment in an underground mining environment.   *Applications & Resumes* Pay is based on experience and includes a competitive benefits program. Applicants must possess current authorization to work in the United States. Resumes are welcome but must be attached to an official application form.  Application  forms can be obtained from Juneau Job Center or at www.example.com    Recruitment open until filled. Hecla Greens Creek is an Equal Opportunity Employer.






2-4-years-experience-needed