POSITION DETAILS We are seeking a Financial Analyst to carry out the administrative and support functions of a sales department. While the frontline sales executives and managers take care of the sales function of the organization, a sales administrator provides the much needed support to ease pressure. When many tasks are taken care of by sales administrators, sales executives can concentrate on their main job and achieve better results. Though they are not involved in selling directly, their contribution is no less in achieving sales targets.  POSITION DUTIES  • Financial Modeling • Financial Underwriting • System Design • Schedule Appointments/ Customer Relations • Assist in the development of the sale cycle • Assist in project presentation packaging • Assist in developing marketing packages • Manage SalesForce updates as well as assist in the creation/management of SalesForce reporting & metrics • Additional duties as required   POSTING QUALIFICATIONS    • Should be thorough with all administrative tasks • Strong knowledge of Excel & SalesForce • Computer programs including Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point, and Salesforce • Ability to deal with sales teams and customers • Some knowledge of accounting or strong numerical skills. Ability to calculate well • Should possess good business acumen • Exhibit professionalism while dealing with tough internal and external customers  • Able to manage heavy data entry, emails and faxing   ONFORCE SOLAR PROVIDES THE FOLLOWING • Great initial training • Access to the most up-to-date technology to create an efficient and professional sales process • Performance based advancement opportunities • Medical & Dental Insurance   ABOUT ONFORCE SOLAR Headquartered in Bronx, NY, OnForce Solar provides design, engineering, installation, maintenance and financing of solar energy systems for residential and commercial customers in NY, NJ, CT & MA. Inc. Magazine recently ranked OnForce Solar as the 42nd fastest growing company in the nation and the 5th fastest in NYC.    HOW TO APPLY:  Interested candidates should email their resume and brief cover letter.   NO PHONE CALLS!!!  OnForce provides equal employment opportunity without unlawful discrimination as to race, creed, color, national origin, gender, age, disability, religion, genetic information, amnesty, marital status, sexual orientation, citizenship status, status as a covered veteran or all protected groups by law  in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. OnForce complies with applicable state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which we have facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfers, leave of absence, compensation and training.






