Position Summary:  The Accountant position is responsible for maintenance of general ledgers, account reconciliations, involvement in systems development and various company financial reports.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following:  • Claims allocation - calculations and journal entries • Analyze monthly variances and prepare explanation for management • Calculate and record monthly depreciation entries • Prepare bank cash change report • Develop workflows and document new processes • Assist in design of reporting capabilities • Interface with development team on implementation of new system • User Acceptance Testing (UAT) of Accounting functions • Improving the utilization of the current general ledger system (Great Plains) • Other duties as assigned  Qualifications:  To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  In addition to those listed below, candidates must also possess strong organization skills; consistency; dependability; strong verbal and written communication skills; strong computer systems knowledge and experience; research, analytical and investigative skills; desire to meet regulations; assertiveness; patience and persistence.   • Bachelor's degree in Accounting • Two (2) to 4 (four) years General Ledger reconciliation and reporting experience • Two (2) years of Microsoft Dynamics Great Plains or similar general ledger system experience • Proficient with Microsoft Excel software • Demonstrated strong analytical and organization skills • Excellent communication skills; ability to effectively communicate with others in a professional manner • Ability to function in a professional office environment and utilize standard office equipment   Preference will be given to individuals with new systems implementation experience.  Additionally, this individual should have an ability to lead and motivate groups and individuals; to overcome obstacles to cooperation and to foster harmonious relations; to balance competing priorities, complex situations, and tight deadlines.  He/she should possess strong project management skills; proven leadership and consensus building skills and excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communications skills.  In addition, this individual must be able to work in harmony with others. Compensation:  Compensation is negotiated individually and is based upon the position, experience and qualifications and performance of the individual.  Apply by going to: www.example.com






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed