Job Title: Field Sales Representative (8-16 hours per week)   Leading natural pet food company is seeking a reliable, outgoing, enthusiastic, and self-motivated pet lover to promote and sell our line of natural pet products at retail stores. Nutrition and product training, work uniform pieces and supplies are provided.  Location:  Metro West Boston Area  Primary responsibility: Educating customers on the benefits of feeding their pets a natural food, identifying their pet’s nutrition needs and providing them feeding solutions with our products. This sales position with our company is considered “Continuous Part-Time” working 8-16 hours per week on a regular schedule of weekend based shifts (some week day shifts) in multiple pet specialty stores within a 30 mile city radius.  This position offers long term part time opportunity with a large natural pet food company with nutritional training and growth opportunities with the company.  Specific Responsibilities: • Product and Pet Nutrition Knowledge • Sales and customers service focused • Ability to work with minimal supervision • Be outgoing and demonstrate a willingness to connect with pet parents in a retail setting. • Punctuality following a schedule, training and corporate emails • Attend team conference calls, meetings and events as scheduled • Maintain a professional appearance and attitude toward customers and store associates  Requirements:  • Must be a minimum of 18 years old • Must be comfortable engaging customers in conversation while demonstrating the ability to be persuasive and caring. • Must have outstanding customer service and communication skills and understands the value in developing strong relationships with customers • Must have a desire to develop strong working knowledge of all product features and benefits including food/nutrition and health/wellness • Ability to stand for 4 hours consecutive hours • Reliable transportation with a valid driver’s license and insurance  • Must be willing to drive to multiple pet specialty locations as scheduled within a 30 mile city radius. • Basic computer skills and daily internet access • Ability to lift up to 40 lbs. • Must be open to regular coaching while demonstrating continual growth professionally. • Sales experience and a desire to educate others and influence the sale of natural pet nutrition are required.  Previous Vet, Vet student, current knowledge of pet food industry, Brand Ambassador or Demonstrator experience is preferred but not required.   Bi-lingual helpful but not required.  Please respond to this ad with your resume, work experience and why this part time position would be ideal for you.






part-time-job