Job Description:  The Manager, Federal Systems Integrators (FSI’s) is responsible for developing and managing strategic relationships with integrator companies selling and/or providing cloud services or solutions primarily in the Federal System sector. This position requires a detailed knowledge and understanding of both the Federal customer base and System Integrator segment, including: organization, decision making processes, and procurement intricacies. This individual will also be responsible for working with the Ostrato staff to help drive the strategies that connect the system Integrator to the Federal Government contracts. Knowledge of the intricacies of the enterprise cloud sector space is required. Experience selling IT and/or professional services into the System Integrator sector is also required.  This person will be responsible for sales through and influenced by the Federal System Integrators with full account management responsibility with each assigned agency or integrator, building relationships, opening new strategic accounts and developing strong partner and customer relationships. Sales opportunities will be driven through both telephone and face-to-face meetings, and responsibility will also include new lead generation. Other duties will include building business cases for bidding of RFPs, helping to pull together teaming / partnering for large programs, and aiding in the development of win strategies.  The successful candidate will be proficient and experienced at producing consistent, timely and accurate pipeline/ forecast reports to management, and functional working documents for account reviews. This person will also have experience calling at C-level offices, will possess strong communication and presentation skills, and will have proficient computer skills. Experience working with common online research tools such as Deltek, Gov Win and Salesforce.com strongly preferred.  Position Qualifications:  • Strong Federal System Integrator background and experience in building and leveraging channel partners. Can influence and drive a channel-focused business. • 6-10+ years technology vendor experience (preferably in enterprise cloud systems, systems management, security, or storage software) selling into the channel space. • Track record of building and executing strategies to build best in class FSI partner programs based on quantitative and qualitative market opportunity assessments. • Ability to build relationships and influence cross functionally; experience negotiating licensing contracts, coordinating and leading executive level sales meetings and implementing quarterly business plans. • Great relationship skills, tenacity, resilience and inter-personal/presentation skills. • Strong organizational skills with the ability to multi-task and set priorities. • Bachelor's degree or equivalent preferred, MBA and certifications are a plus.   Position Responsibilities:  • Manage all partner activities within the region and align with the Sales Directors to drive partner strategy and execute a mutually agreed upon plan. This requires strong team-work and leadership qualities. • Achieve key business goals and revenue quotas: manage partner contract and quota negotiations. Ensure minimum certification and performance levels are met. • Prospect, identify, recruit, negotiate, enable and manage new FSI partners. This requires a complete understanding of the enterprise and mobility channel space to determine fit and enable predictable success at an account level. • Recruit new channel partners: This means owning the selection profiling process as well as the on-boarding processes such as contract negotiation and administration. • Enable FSI partners: Create and drive enablement activities based on automated and repeatable processes. Responsible for all development and enablement activities within the channel partner (sales, order placement, renewals, and services). • Manage partners: Work with existing partners to develop the business to be a highly profitable and strategic part of their overall business. Responsible for ensuring a strong relationship exists with partner senior management. Work closely with the channel & federal marketing team to drive successful demand generation programs through channel partners. • Create, implement and maintain a business plan with the channel partners that will establish and maintain high awareness of Ostrato’ss value proposition and market position across the channel partner organization including executive relationships. • Travel 50% (mostly local)






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job