Position:     Full time  Status:      Exempt  *Agency:* Hudson Valley Mental Health is a private, voluntary, not-for-profit community organization. Its mission is to provide comprehensive and integrated services to meet the mental health needs of the community. HVMH operates five New York State licensed outpatient mental health clinics in Dutchess County and beginning in 2014, will be operating three clinics in Ulster County.   The clinics provide a full array of therapeutic services to adults, seniors, and families. Services are available to everyone in need, regardless of insurance or income. These services include individual or group therapy, medication, and medication management. HVMH is an equal opportunity employer.   HVMH is an affiliate of Family Services, Inc.  *Location:* Ulster County Clinics are located in Kingston, New Paltz and Ellenville, NY.   Primary work location will be the Kingston clinic, but candidate might be asked to cover other Ulster County HVMH clinics due to scheduling needs (see Compensation/Benefits area for details).  *DISTINGUISHING FEATURES OF THE CLASS:*  This is an administrative position responsible for the supervision of the billing operation.  This person coordinates all insurance billing functions, Medicaid and Medicare functions and data processing functions concerning billing for the Agency’s Ulster County clients.  Work is performed under the general supervision of the HVMH President.  Supervision is exercised over the work of support staff.    *FUNCTION:*  The primary function of this position is for the supervision of the billing department staff and operation in Ulster County.    *RESPONSIBILITIES:*  • Supervises and coordinates the entire billing operation across units in Ulster County • Develops and implements systems for credit collections and cash collections • Supervises accounts receivable in Electronic Medical Record system • Coordinates and develops computer billing schedules within Electronic Medical Record system • Implements necessary changes in billing system, making sure changes conform to established time-lines • Supervises the insurance process of treatment reviews, etc. • Coordinates with clinical staff in resolving issues of non-paying clients • Sets patient fees in accordance with established fee schedule • Recommends policy and procedure changes when necessary • Informs Unit Director of relevant clinical and administrative issues • Other duties as deemed necessary and assigned by supervisor  *REQUIRED SKILLS:*  • Knowledge of billing and collection procedures • Knowledge of accounting principles and practices • Knowledge of Medicaid and Medicare rules and regulations • Knowledge of business English and arithmetic; ability to understand and interpret a variety of health insurance plans and coverage provided by insurance companies • Experience working with Electronic Medical Records systems • Ability to supervise the work of others and to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing • Ability to develop and maintain collaborative and supportive working relationships with all members of the clinical and clerical staff • Willingness to travel between Ulster County Clinics, if necessary • Ability to learn and work within agency procedures and guidelines • Ability to exercise sound judgment in tracking sources of errors and in using established guidelines to determine the necessary corrective action  *MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:*  EITHER:   (A) Graduation from a regionally accredited or New York State registered college or university with a Bachelor's degree in Business Administration, Accounting or a closely related field AND four (4) years of clerical or technical work experience, including two (2) years of experience supervising others.  Work experience should include the maintenance of financial records which shall have involved billing and/or collection work;  OR:    (B) Graduation from a regionally accredited or New York State registered college or university with an Associate's degree in Business Administration.  Accounting or a closely related field AND six (6) years of clerical or technical work, including two (2) years of experience supervising others.  Work experience should include the maintenance of financial records which shall have involved billing and/or collection work  *HOURS:  * This is a full-time (35 hours/week), exempt position.  Clinic hours are:  Kingston Office: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday:  9 am – 5 pm Thursday:  10 am – 6 pm  New Paltz Office: Tuesday and Thursday:  10 am to 6 pm  Ellenville Office: Wednesday:  10 am to 6 pm  This position’s primary location will be Kingston with the understanding that at times travel to the other clinics might be required.  *COMPENSATION/BENEFITS: * Salary:  $42,000/year   Benefits:  HVMH offers competitive benefits packages including: • Medical, dental, and vision coverage  • Pension plan and 403(b) retirement plan • Group term life and long-term disability insurance • Supplemental life insurance & accidental death and dismemberment (AD&D) • Paid vacation, holiday, sick, and personal time • Supplemental insurance through AFLAC • Employee assistance program (EAP)  Hudson Valley Mental Health, Inc., is an equal opportunity employer.






supervising-job full-time-job bs-degree-needed salary 2-4-years-experience-needed