Amazing opportunity to Join Teleflex in our Anesthesia and Respiratory premier management team.   Key Responsibilities: • Interface with field sales specialist by training, planning, counseling, and directing their efforts in selling and properly following up on accounts to achieve personal, regional, and corporate goals; formulate sales objectives and assess progress on a routine basis for each representative. • Interface with Marketing to collect and analyze market data and trends and provide input into the competitive environment and emerging threats and opportunities that affect the business • Ensure that all staff working in the area are trained and fit for function and that available company programs to this end are offered and participated in, including courses related to sales competency, technical and clinical knowledge and skills, systems and device operation and basic financial management tools. Ensure that continuous education and skills cultivation is part of the communicated management culture and ambition. • Conduct performance management and feedback to ensure professional and timely review of set objectives with each member of the team. • Prepare, review, and analyze various reports to monitor sales representatives' activities and offer direction and motivation when needed • Maximize new product evaluations. • Identify contract expirations and formulate strategic next steps. • Interact with home office personnel and serve as liaison between home office, field sales representatives and customers. • Analyze and approve/disapprove requests from sales representatives to exhibit designated products at medical meetings. • Plan and conduct regional sales meetings with an emphasis on assessing individual sales performance and to confirm territory’s strategic plan for growth  • Understand product portfolio and be able to make impactful sales presentations when necessary. • Develop talent and successor, Interview and qualify potential new sales representatives. • Review sales representatives expense reports to assure compliance with company policies and the proper use of company resources. • Adhering to and ensuring the compliance of the Company’s Code of Ethics, all Company policies which include but are not limited to the North America Contract Administration Policy and Procedures, North America Sales and Marketing Compliance Policy, the Health Care Provider Payment Tracking Policy and the North America Discount and Pricing Policy.   Basic Requirements: • 10 years of sales experience, within the medical device area  • 5 years of managerial experience within a medical device company • BA/BS Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience. • Ability to travel 50%+  Preferred Skills: • Demonstrated knowledge of basic P&L principles  • Proven historical success in managing a team and exceeding objectives • Proven leadership and communication skills • Proven and successful experience relative to driving the sales process throughout an entire hospital system • Proven experience of selling to Hospital Administration to include the “C Suite” • Proven experience in maximizing GPO/IDN related opportunities • Complete computer systems and business software competency, including all current office tools such as Outlook, Excel, PowerPoint and equivalent   Teleflex is an affirmative action & equal opportunity employer. D/V/M/F






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed