SMOOTHIE KING  First and Original Smoothie King is a forty-years-young brand, having been a pioneer in the creation of the first nutritional smoothie. It is the unique ability to create a fresh and healthy alternative to fast food, while never compromising the delicious taste and superior quality that sets us apart.   Join our team today! Having been purchased in 2012 by its largest franchise owner, Smoothie King is growing rapidly. We are currently looking for enthusiastic, motivated, and qualified individuals who are interested in joining us in our mission:   Inspire People to Live a Healthy and Active Lifestyle!  Summary:   The General Manager is responsible for overall operations of the restaurant. They will be involved in all areas of restaurant management, which includes leadership and development of their team, ensuring a superior customer experience, maximizing sales performance, and driving profitability while maintaining a fun and welcoming atmosphere.   Essential Functions:  -The General Manager is responsible for the day-to-day operations of the restaurant.   -They will meet Smoothie King’s financial objectives by forecasting requirements, preparing an annual budget, scheduling expenses, analyzing variances, interpreting basic profit/loss concepts, and applying sound logic in implementing corrective actions.   -The ideal candidate would perform the store’s talent management functions, including identifying talent, hiring, team member training and development, and coaching.   -Brand loyalty: Communicate and execute positive brand impression to the overall customer experience.  -Must ensure consistency and high quality preparation of smoothies and guest service.  -Enforce sanitary practices for food handling, general cleanliness, and maintenance of kitchen and dining areas. Ensure compliance with operational standards, company policies, federal/state/local laws and ordinances.   Requirements:  -Minimum 3 years in restaurant management  -Education: High School Diploma or equivalent -Expected to stand approximately 8 hours per day, lift products of < 55lbs in weight, stoop and bend . -Full time, 40 hour/ week -Microsoft Office knowledge required -Knowledgeable of general POS functionality  -Excellent Communication Skills, ability to give and receive feedback -Experience with OSHA, EEOC, and other federal and state laws and local statutes. -ServSafe Certification  We are an Equal Opportunity Employer.






2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job