The V7 Project Corp. is seeking a Business Development/Proposal Manager that will function as lead coordinator of business development projects including proposals, qualification documents, RFP's, Solicitations, presentations and other marketing materials.  Will work independently and as part of a team.  The BD/Proposal Manager reports to and receives assignments from the CRM Division Director & the CEO. The position supports business development departments across North America and internationally as part of a virtual proposal center in such diverse markets as environmental, energy, manufacturing/industrial, IT, engineering, retail, aviation, and other markets.  This position is based in Charlotte, NC.  Relocation expenses are not paid.      V7 Project Corp. Business Development Proposal Manager Responsibilities:  Creates, gathers, researches and organizes information from many sources to generate business development documents including proposals, qualifications and presentations.  Must synthesize disparate data from multiple sources into coherent BD documents.   Understands and supports V7 Project Corps' business development and proposal development policies, procedures and protocols.  Proposal development elements may include but are not limited to qualification document development, Marketing Team Reviews, proposal development and delivery and pre-selection presentations with the CEO.   Reviews RFP and bid/qualifications request documents so that client requirements are clearly understood.  Works with BD Manager/Proposal Manager to prepare the Responsibility and Compliance Matrix.    Works with other BD Managers/Proposal Managers to prepare a proposal schedule that includes ample time for document development, all reviews, production and delivery.   Organizes all technical written materials supplied by support groups including organization of sections, tables, exhibits, and attachments.  Monitors proposal for accurate content and branding/format consistency and compliance.     Schedules marketing support services with the appropriate support groups such as graphics, copy editors, quality assurance and production, to ensure proposal deadlines are completely understood and met.     Identifies and edits existing materials and/or writes copy to effectively communicate Parsons services, core capabilities and discriminators to develop responses.  Researches and gathers information to include corporate information, past experience examples, proposed project team resumes and other standard materials.  Captures any new language written for addition to the marketing content database.     Interfaces with support departments such as Safety, Contracts, Finance, Project Controls, Human Resources and CRM Division to meet document requirements.      Tracks and reports status of all proposal elements to proposal team and CRM Director.  Anticipates potential problem areas and works to provide practical solutions to problems as they arise.    Schedules and participates in meetings relating to proposals, business development and marketing.  Maintains files in soft copy repository medium (SharePoint)  Supports special projects and completes other responsibilities associated with the position as may be appropriate.   May be required to work evenings and weekends to meet proposal deadlines.  Travel requirements are limited to: 0% to 20% of time.  Position Qualifications:    Flexibility to adapt to changing priorities and direction in a very dynamic work environment.  Proven ability to meet strict deadlines 100% of the time, without fail.  Excellent organization/time management skills.  Ability to interface and work with all levels of personnel (and occasionally teaming partners and/or subcontractors) in a team environment.  Ability to work effectively with diverse and strong personalities at a Corporate level  Excellent use of the English language, strong writing skills, and an ability to solve problems quickly in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment are required.  Above average skill with Microsoft Office software required to produce final proposals in a demanding time frame.  Prior experience in RFP response and/or proposal development needed.  Experience in the project management industry a plus.     BA/BS in areas such as: Marketing, English, Communications, Liberal Arts, or a technical discipline, or equivalent knowledge of 2+ years of applicable experience is preferred.   This Position Reports to the CRM Division Director and the CEO & CIO.






supervising-job bs-degree-needed