Position Description Provide Applied Behavior Analysis (ABA) Services to children diagnosed with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD). Our ABA Therapist-Behavioral Coach serves as a vital team member providing in-home services for children with the diagnosis of Autism. The Behavioral Coach provides direct services for the child including discrete trial learning, errorless learning, and other Applied Behavioral Analysis techniques. The Behavioral Coach gathers and graphs quantifiable behavioral data necessary for the analysis of treatment efficacy. Behavioral Coaches assist in assessment using Functional Behavioral Analysis. Behavioral Coaches contribute to treatment planning and problem-solving around program changes deemed necessary. All Behavioral Coaches operate under the supervision of a Licensed Certified Behavior Analyst.  Position Duties Creates weekly schedule for each client maximizing hours available for service, Establishes rapport with child and family, Works with team members and family to develop child’s formalized Individual Service Plan, Implements programming and strategies in accordance with the Individual Service Plan, Provides modeling of ABA techniques for parents on their implementation of techniques, Documents each session through description of treatment process and through data collection, Provides sessions both in the home as well as community outings as delineated in the ISP, Participates in clinical supervision provided for each child on the caseload,  Eligibility Eligibility for this position requires a minimum of a Bachelors degree in the human services field such as psychology, sociology, counseling, special education, or human services. Applicant's must also have a minimum of 12 months experience providing services directly to children who have been diagnosed with a mental illness or developmental disability.  Compensation Compensation is competitive and is based on education and experience in the field. YFSVA provides competitive compensation, health benefits and annual vacation time. Please forward your resume to our human resources department. Our website is \"asset.yfsva.com\".






1-year-experience-needed bs-degree-needed