We believe in customer satisfaction through fully understanding customer needs and providing a uniquely tailored solution.  Our Mission is a key strength of ours and we have a commitment to total customer satisfaction. Within our company we contain highly qualified Experts, a multinational resource pool, availability, flexibility, reliability and fast turnaround times. We value the trust company's put in us, and we safeguard that trust by going beyond what is expected; delivering that little bit extra that makes all the difference.   Compensation Details: Commission Based Position that pays 15% of each sale closed, some packages come with residual income for the time period the client is signed up for the monthly subscription. Our usual sale price is $550.00. In addition 20 sales per week is the average for our sales people due to the demand for our services.    Job Description: -Establish new accounts by planning and organizing daily work schedule to call existing and potential sales contacts. -Track and record results of phone calls daily for follow up in excel sheet. -Leave voice messages. -Gain Product knowledge to help clients get a better understanding of our offerings when calling. -Work will be done from your home on a 9am- 5pm schedule 5 days per week with weekly scheduled meetings. -Must have quiet location in your home to work from -Read Sales Script -Personal Laptop/CPU Required   If you are self motivated, and like working independently Tailored InfoTech is looking for you!  Earn commission on selling services to companies.  Skills/Qualifications: Customer Service Skills,Attention To Detail, Computer savvy, Coachable and a fast learner, Able to establish rapport in the first few moments on the phone, Meeting Sales Goals, Closing Skills, Prospecting Skills, Negotiation, Self-Confidence, Product Knowledge, Presentation Skills, Motivation for Sales, Reliable and Committed to working with Integrity  Education/Experience: High School graduate or Higher.   Campaign Manager Andrew Morgan www.example.com






