Please email resume and/or cover letter first. Email as text or email body, please. Please avoid using attachment if possible. Leaving resume content in email body will get better notice. Format is not as important as substance.   You must have authorization to work in the US in order to apply for this position.  We are an E-commerce business that sells on the web and ship orders from multiple locations. We also have a retail store in Cambridge. We are looking for a retail store manager with experiences running a retail store who understands how to set up retail and showroom displays and manage inventory. Prior experiences in a gifts or apparel store or kiosks, embroidery and screen printing or a sign business are highly desirable. If you are not yet equipped to run a retail store on your own but have proven experiences in setting up displays and manage inventory you will be considered for an associate position.   The primary location for the retail store manager position is in Cambridge next to the Cambridgeside Galleries Mall. Walking distance to Kendall Square (red line) and Lechmere (green line) T Station, MIT campus, and memorial drive. Occasionally you may need to work in our Needham/Newton location. It helps if you have a car and can drive. For the associate position, you may work in either Cambridge or Needham/Newton location on different schedules.   Stable position with long term commitment of at least 1 year or longer. Part time or full time. Short term or temporary worker needs not apply. Outstanding performance could potentially lead to full time employment or promotion. Prefer someone likely to stay around the greater Boston area for at least a few years. For an extraordinary candidate of the store manager position who is entrepreneurial and dreams of running his own retail business in the future this may be an opportunity to get started. Profit sharing or earned ownership equity buyout opportunity exist.  Entry level is OK for the associate position. Will train. Must have commitment. Will consider college students willing to work part time.    Main duties:  For store manager:  - set up retail and showroom display - be responsible for store sales and customer services - organize and manage inventory and samples -  ship and receive UPS/DHL/FedEx/USPS packages  - scan invoices, other mails or documents, and transfer electronically to main offices in other locations - communicating with vendors or clients on business development  For associates:  Similar to above with less experience.   Minimum requirements:  You are required to use PC and web as the primary tool at work. If you don't like computer or web, type slowly, or cannot use it productively, this position in not the right fit for you.  - Professional phone handling skills - Basic understanding of E-commerce  - Working knowledge of MS Office including Excel, Word, and Outlook - Ability to work in a team environment - Must be able to type fast and accurately  Personal Characteristics: - Customer oriented personality - Attention to detail - Ability to meet demanding deadlines - Flexibility with a \"can do\" attitude  Additional skills or educations desired:  - Fluency in Mandarin Chinese. Because the position involves some communications with overseas suppliers and other resources, conversational skills as well as some ability in reading and writing of Mandarin Chinese are desirable.  - BS degree (or students in pursuit of BS degree with good GPA) preferred.   Previous retail store, warehouse, or sales experience is valued.  • Location: Cambridge, Needham/Newton • Compensation: $10-$18 hourly depending on experience and position. Performance based bonus included.  • Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster. • Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.






supervising-job