Client operates a suite of rich gas and natural gas liquids transportation and processing assets in South Texas.  Its management has decades of experience operating midstream assets between 2004 and 2006, has owned and operated over 1,500 miles of pipeline and two large gas processing plants.  Client has demonstrated a strong track record of growth, having previously expanded a pipeline system from 40 miles to 1,500 miles in 14 months, increasing throughput from 15,000 Mcf/d to 160,000 Mcf/d.   Position Summary:  Multi-Skilled position that is responsible for the operations and maintenance of Texstar’s Processing Plant.  Duties and responsibilities include but are not limited to items shown below:  Duties and Responsibilities: • Efficiently and safely operate and maintain various equipment/systems including amine/gas/liquid CO2 treating, mole sieve gas/liquid dehydration, cryogenic gas processing unit, residue gas compression and all utility support systems. • Work within the guidelines and parameters established by the Company for safety and operations.  Be knowledgeable of company, state and federal regulatory requirements. • Respond to alarms and problems within the plant and take appropriate action. • Document items associated with plant facilities (operational, environmental and regulatory). • Monitor equipment, processes and be able to perform minor equipment repair. Desirable Criteria and Qualifications: • High school diploma or GED required.  Vo-Tech certification or Associate’s Degree in technical field preferred. • MINIMUM OF 1 YEAR PLANT OPERATIONS EXPERIENCE IS PREFERRED. • Have good computer skills. • The ability to assume responsibility, be flexible, perform duties and handle multiple tasks under potentially stressful and/or hazardous conditions. • Ability to effectively manage priorities while working with various types of people.  Must be accountable and self-driven to learn and to develop and improve the skills.   • Candidate will be a self-motivated and self-directed individual with good communications skills. • Must be willing to work outdoors in all weather conditions and be available for callouts.  SPECIFIC EMPHASIS IS ON EXPERIENCE WITH CRYOGENIC NATURAL GAS PROCESSING. IF YOU DO NOT POSSESS THE EXPERIENCE OR SOMETHING SIMILAR PLEASE DO NOT APPLY.  Primary Location: Pettus, TX, US Position Type: Full Time/Regular Work Authority: Candidates must be authorized to work in United States without Restrictions. Compensation: Commensurate with Experience, Skills, and Education. www.example.com






full-time-job 1-year-experience-needed