Position Title: Receiving & Shipping Coordinator Location: Salt Lake City, UT Schedule: Full-time (40 hours weekly) Shift: 9:00 am – 6:00 pm Compensation: GreenSmartLiving, inc. offers successful applicants a competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package. Start Date: ASAP  Company Information:  GreenSmartLiving is a global, lifestyle brand committed to improving lives and protecting the environment through a unique suite of products available worldwide. Founded in 2010 and headquartered in Salt Lake City, GreenSmartLiving has experienced 300% growth year-over-year since its inception and is partnered with more than 4,000 retail locations across the country. Committed to being the best in brand and in practice, GreenSmartLiving creates destination products that provide consumers with smart alternatives for a better life. Commit to creating positive change and join our team!  The Shipping Coordinator is responsible for:   • Receiving, packaging and product shipping preparation.  • Arranging product stock on shelves. • Tracking received and outgoing product in various systems. • Tracking and processing shipping orders generated in SAP. • Verifying processed shipping orders against packing slips. • Communicating about shipment orders, requests for tracking information and handling product return requests.  • Updating and maintaining product return database and sending replacement product. • Tracing shipments as required and report product delivery timelines and delays. • Preparing information such as name of shipper, weight, destination, and charges. • Obtaining quotes from freight carriers on prepaid shipments and forwarding pricing proposals to the warehouse manager for approval. • Interacting with shipping vendors and truck drivers providing load information, paperwork and providing physical support to carry product cases or boxes if needed. • Completing other tasks as assigned.       Successful candidates will possess the following qualities and skills:   • Great organizational and multitasking skills and ability to work in a fast paced environment. • Good oral and written communication skills; • Excellent data entry skills with high accuracy and detail oriented. • Must be able to lift up to 60 lbs. Other physical requirements include standing for at least 6 hours a day and overhead lifting of boxes up to 50 lbs. • Proactive and driven mindset; • Adaptability to learn and operate within new computer programs; • Dependability;  • Ability to work autonomously; and • Commitment to working in a team and results-driven environment.   The Ideal Candidate Will Have:  • Must possess a high school diploma (higher education is preferred but not required). • Two (2) years of experience in an office or warehouse environment (preferred but not required). • Proficient in Microsoft Office programs including Outlook and Excel;  • A baseline understanding of mathematics. • Working knowledge of USPS/Fedex/UPS software. • Experience with SAP a plus.  To Apply:   Please submit a resume and cover letter explaining why you are interested in this position and why working for GreenSmartLiving appeals to you, as well as an explanation of how this position fits in with your long term professional goals.






full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed