Skechers USA, Inc., a global leader in Lifestyle and Performance Footwear has exciting opportunities in Albertville, Minnesota. We are currently hiring a Retail Store Manager at our Alberville Premium Outlets.  We are looking for dynamic, energetic, sales driven and career minded individuals that have a passion for our Performance Footwear. In order to qualify for a Store Manager Position you must have 1-2 years of continuous management experience, footwear experience is preferred. At Skechers we are fashion forward and business casual environment and require a clean polished and updated image. We do not allow exposed tattoos or facial piercings. We look forward to hearing from you.  Job Responsibilities for Retail Store Managers include:  Responsible for managing the day-to-day operations and personnel of Skechers retail store. Drive top line sales by training employees how to sell off the wall, product knowledge and customer service. Responsibilities include recruiting, staffing, developing, training, coaching and supervising employees as well as managing each assigned store's daily operations within budgeted goals and expectations. It is a condition of employment that you are flexible with regard to hours and days worked and we may need to increase your hours or to decrease your hours based on the needs of our business.  ESSENTIAL DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES FOR A RETAIL STORE MANAGER  1. Sell product, product knowledge and customer service.  2. Manages day-to-day store operations by ensuring all company policies/procedures are followed and that store wage and sales goals as well as operational expenses are controlled or met, as applicable.  3. Maintain proper inventory controls, facilitate inventory transaction.  4. Fills open-to-hire positions by recruiting and hiring new employees.  5. Ensures adequate staffing at all times, by appropriately scheduling staff based on business trend and making any necessary seasonal adjustments, within wage goal/budget.  6. Develops all employees by training them in the following: Product Knowledge, Brand Recognition, Selling Off the Wall, Customer Service standards, Sales Standards/Conversions, Merchandising standards and all company policies/procedures.  7. Responsible for assigned Store exceeding Comp Sales (where applicable) and Sales Plan by training and coaching employees to focus on increased multiple pair selling in each multiple location.  8. Supervises employees by enforcing policies/procedures by documenting disciplinary actions, performance evaluations, and reporting incidents to Human Resources and Management regarding any violations of company policies/procedures and preparing related documentation.  9. Ensure store's visual standards are met at all times by ensuring the proper mix and proper depth in key SKU's and by identifying store's needs by using and analyzing vendor sales reports and/or altering sales floor layouts (displays) and making recommendations to DM.  10. Finds new and exciting ways to attract customers by reviewing promo sign packages and making recommendations to DM.  SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITY: •Mentor and develop key performers to be ready for promotion within one year. •Present a professional image in appearance, words and action. •Train staff on professional image in appearance and conduct. •Build a positive team relationship, demonstrate ethical behavior. •Maintain all safety guidelines. •Manage all Supervisory functions.  QUALIFICATIONS: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  EXPERIENCE and/or EDUCATION: •A high school education or greater. •3 years minimum retail management experience -- footwear background preferred. •Hands on working knowledge of retail systems, human resources best practices and operations. •Must have customer service experience, professionalism and personable manner.  •Proficiency in computers.  PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to stand; use hands to finger, handle, or feel, and talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to walk; reach with hands and arms, and stoop, kneel, crouch, climb, balance or crawl. The employee is occasionally required to sit. The employee must regularly lift and or move at least 10 pounds.






2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job