Graphic Artist, Photographer, Videographer...  these are just some of the hats that our Media Director wears. At Linentablecloth.com, we don't expect team members to follow a job description that is set in stone. We're constantly evolving, growing, taking on new challenges, and we will expect you to do the same.   JOB SUMMARY Our Media Director is responsible for the creative visuals used in all aspects of our marketing campaigns: our website (both desktop and mobile platforms), print catalogs, advertising, social media communications, etc.   KEY RESPONSIBILITIES Works closely with the marketing department head to plan \"fluid\" marketing campaigns: images, graphics and videos that give a homogenous presentation of our company across all of our communications channels.   TOP SKILL REQUIREMENTS Proficient in product photography (we have an in-house photo studio). Proficient in the use of Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, etc. Experience with video production. Know how to write, shoot and edit a product video. Ability to understand business and marketing goals and how to translate those into compelling graphics. Possesses a positive and collaborative personality, has strong attention to detail.   DESIRED SKILLS & EXPERIENCES: Experience with iMovie, Final Cut Pro, Adobe Premier, or similar video editing software. Experience in advertising and graphics.  Applicants who meet the top skill requirements will be the only ones who will be considered for the role. We have a training program. If you don’t have the experience but you’re looking to expand your career in an environment that has room for professional growth and upward mobility, you’re welcome to apply. As long as you meet the main requirements, have the right attitude for the job and have room for learning (and un-learning).  ABOUT LINENTABLECLOTH: LinenTablecloth has been the leading online linen retailer since 2005, serving both the United States and Canadian markets. For years now, we have been helping brides and grooms, families, wedding planners, event coordinators, catering companies, small businesses, venue owners and every type of company find the perfect yet affordable tablecloth, chair cover, table runner and other wedding decor for weddings, birthday parties, religious celebrations and corporate events. The recent addition of home linens to our product line has made LinenTablecloth the quintessential source for quality, low-cost table linens and other related products. www.example.com   PORTLAND, OREGON CANDIDATES ONLY PLEASE! - We are not willing to relocate you. Hours: 40 per week - M-F Benefits: Health Insurance, bi-yearly bonuses based upon individual and department results. Compensation: DOE Please Do Not Call Please contact us by email.






full-time-job