Ricker's Oil Company is a family owned business that operates 50 Convenience Store's throughout the state of Indiana. We are currently hiring for Manager's and Assistant Manager's for our Anderson Market.  Summary: The store manager is responsible for the day to day store operation, as well as the employees. Duties include product orders, tracking damaged/waste products, all store inventories, daily banking, daily, weekly, and monthly paperwork, personnel management including hiring, coaching and discipline, training, scheduling and terminating employment. The manager is on call and must have a working telephone.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities •Provides superior and quality customer service through consistent interaction. Serves as a role model to store personnel.  •Assists customers and responds to customer's complaints or inquiries •The manager is responsible for accurately completing daily reports and reviewing daily close reports.  •Is responsible for accuracy and integrity of inventory •Responsible for daily bank deposits, ordering and picking up change orders and ATM funds, loading safe, ATM, etc. •Determines and places weekly product order based on established company guidelines. Responsible for scanning in orders/vendors •Responsible for the hiring, training, coaching and discipline of all store personnel including the completion of documentation •Plans, prepares, and posts store personnel work schedules. Responsible for daily timecard edits and verifying the accuracy of hours worked and entering vacation hours for store personnel. •Responsible for (direct) supervision of all shift, by assigning and verifying completion of activity board duties. •Responsible for covering shifts when employees call in or don't show up •Ensures compliance of store personnel with policies and procedures, including established security, sales, and record keeping procedures and practices •Responsible for merchandising the store according to company guidelines •Responsible for timely execution of marketing promotions and price changes •Responsible for execution of company standards for mystery shop programs •Manage labor according to company guidelines •Responsible for maintaining fuel pricing compliance standards to ensure competitive street pricing. Duties include changing fuel price sign and register. •Responsible for performing CSR duties and responsibilities as outlined in the CSR Job Description  Department Expectations •Acts as a role model within and outside of the store •Demonstrates and models strong interpersonal skills to handle sensitive and confidential situations and documentation •Maintains a positive and respective attitude •Adheres to company policies and procedures •Excellent organizational skills and initiative to improve processes •Communicates regularly with district manager about store matters and issues •Demonstrates flexible and efficient time management and ability to work independently and prioritize work •Demonstrates a working knowledge of store operations  Supervisory Responsibilities The store manager is responsible to oversees and manage all stores personnel. Stores are comprised of two to three shifts.   Qualifications: *MUST HAVE AT LEAST 1 YEAR OF RETAIL MANAGEMENT EXPERIENCE To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Store manager must hold a valid driver's license and be insurable. Must meet company standards for the criminal background check, credit check, and assessment. Store manager must meet age requirement (21 or older) for alcohol sites. Management must be geographically flexible as the company assigns sites based on business need.  Education and Experience Employee must possess a high school diploma or equivalent. Prior related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience, preferred.  Language Skills Ability to read, analyze, and interpret general business information, and documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions, and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to effectively speak and/or respond to questions from employees, customers, vendors, and the general public.  Mathematical Skills Ability to add, subtract, multiply, and divide in all unites of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions, and decimals. Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, proportions, and percentages.  Reasoning Ability Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagram form. Ability to solve practical problems and deal with an increased variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists.   Physical Demands The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. The employee must regularly lift and/or move up to 50 pounds. The employee must regularly be able to stand for up to 8 hour shifts, while bending, kneeling, stooping, and reaching.  Work Environment  The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly exposed to wet and/or humid conditions. The employee is frequently exposed to heights/use of ladders or step stools; fumes; outside weather conditions; extreme cold; and heat. The noise level in the work environment is usually loud   Please call our Recruiter after you have applied at  XXX x244






1-year-experience-needed supervising-job