We have a  DB2 DBA fulltime opportunity in Houston, TX,  Job desc is as follows. ---------------- Interview type : Telephone, followed by Skype / in-person.  You will be  responsible for administration of the database management subsystems that reside on the mainframe and midrange platforms.These data base management systems include IMS and all variations of DB2.  ·Assist in the analysis and design of logical and physical data base structures including conceptual design, data modeling, and physical implementation  ·Consult with Application Development and Computing Division personnel on data base application performance, tuning, and debugging  ·Assist with the design and implementation of procedures to ensure recoverability of corporate data resources  ·Assist with the installation, maintenance, and administration of data base related software utilities and tools  ·Maintain multi-tier data base environments including object migrations between those tiers  ·Perform data base maintenance/tuning and monitor performance to ensure that response meets or exceeds expectations  ·Create and maintain documentation as it relates to the data base environment  ·Participates in Rotating on-call after hours support  ·Must be self-motivated, team-oriented and ableto operate with minimal supervision  ·Strong analytical and problem solving skills  ·Ability to multitask effectively in a fast paced environment  ·Good written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills  ·Ability to conduct research and teach yourself  ·Creativity in proactively developing approaches to problems, recommending actions and implementing those recommendations.  ·A minimum of 3 years of experience in application programming, with two of those being directly related to the development of data base application  ·Working understanding of data analysis,modeling, and data base design methods and techniques.  ·Competent in basic data base administration tasks including the definition/alteration of data base objects, utility processing, security, backup/recovery, and performance and tuning.  ·Experience with DB2 for z/OS  ·Proficient in both written and oral communications skills.  ----------------  Do reply with  updated resume specific to this requirement, residency status, contact #, start date and expected salary per annum.  Look forward to hear from you, have a great day.  regards,  Vishe Muni. Goodtracks.






supervising-job full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed