Bay Bridge Decision Technologies® was named #1,345 out of the INC Magazine's Top 5,000 Fastest Growing Privately Owned Companies in the Nation for 2010!      What We Do:    Bay Bridge Decision Technologies® (www.example.com) is the number one supplier of customer contact channel strategic and capacity planning solutions. In the decade since bringing to market the industry’s first contact center capacity planning system, Bay Bridge has been driving innovation in contact channel forecasting, capacity planning, staff planning, and strategic analysis for the world’s top brands.     Our CenterBridge® family of products supports the analytic and strategic performance needs of customer contact centers, branch locations, and processing organizations. CenterBridge drives more efficient staffing strategies, improved capital investment allocation, comprehensive performance planning, and improved risk management for the world’s largest contact center organizations.    Join a highly skilled Development team, creating cutting edge decision support software for call centers.  We produce contact center software for some of the World’s top brands.   Our products provide contact center organizations the technology platform they need to create long-term strategic plans quickly and accurately.       There are certain benefits that come along with working in a smaller-sized, highly-integrated company.  For instance, your work will not go unnoticed.  Each member of our team is instrumental to achieving success for our customers.  Employees have the added benefit of playing a broader role within Bay Bridge. Our products are constantly evolving and we rely on everyone from entry-level to senior-level to drive the evolution.    If you like working on a team, exploring innovative opportunities, and understand that interconnectivity drives outstanding results – then Bay Bridge is the place for you.  This role is Accountable for providing development, enhancement, troubleshooting and maintenance of Bay Bridge Decision Technologies software applications.    We realize that our strength and competitive advantage lie with our people. We offer competitive pay, benefits (Medical, 401K, Tuition Reimbursement, Health & Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA), Health Spending Accounts (HSA), Paid Holidays & Vacation, Group and Voluntary Term Life Insurance, Short-Term & Long-Term Disability) and more!      ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE, BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO:    Plans, designs, and develops new feature functionality for BBDT software applications.     Writes software applications that contain logical and mathematical solutions to business problems or questions.     Identifies, troubleshoots and debugs defects in designated application code.    Works with the Development Team to design, develop, and document data integration methods.     Accountable for meeting delivery dates on assigned projects and tasks.      EDUCATION, TRAINING AND EXPERIENCE    B.S. in Computer Science or related technical field    1 year of experience working with commercial application software     Experience working within the call center industry preferred    Experience migrating applications from VB6 to .NET frameworks preferred      KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES    Strong Microsoft programming skills including C#, SQL Server, C++     Hands on knowledge of database design, application, and documentation    Knowledge of Operations Research techniques including Linear Programming a plus    Ability to work independently and as a team member     Outstanding verbal and written communications skills, including the ability to communicate with all levels of management, staff and vendors    Must be able to follow instructions, complete required tasks on time, and get along with others.    Bay Bridge Decision Technologies, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer






1-year-experience-needed bs-degree-needed