Client Service Specialist Elements Massage: 200 Bon Air Center, Greenbrae, CA 94904  We are seeking several bright, outgoing, friendly and hands-on Client Service Specialists to join our new 6-room studio in the heart of Marin County.  Elements Massage is a locally owned studio with a focus on creating wellness and providing valuable service to our community.  Why Elements Massage?  Teamwork & Winning Culture!  Our proprietary customer service process has achieved higher satisfaction scores and customer loyalty than our competitors across the U.S. Everyone plays a vital role in the attraction, service, and ongoing satisfaction of our clients!  Client Service Specialists are our front line face to our clients, and as such, are some of the most important members of our team.   YOUR ROLE:  Client Satisfaction:  Client Service Specialists are responsible for operating the studio’s front desk activities. You will coordinate the front desk sales, scheduling & relationship activities that are our primary interface with clients. You will identify client needs, communicate them to therapists, and work with clients to follow up on therapist recommended treatment plans.  Marketing, Sales & Customer Relationship Management  • You will create a flawless experience by greeting clients warmly and answering the phone professionally and politely.  You will make recommendations for the appropriate therapeutic massage services and memberships, schedule appointments, and follow up with clients.  • You will assist the owners & manager in executing customer attraction/retention activities.  • You will help initiate relationship development & create sales or cross-marketing opportunities with community businesses, corporate clients & community event coordinators.  • You will help create programs that increase productivity and reach sales/frequency targets. • You will be active in achieving sales & frequency goals set by owner (and you will receive bonuses for success!)  Daily Operations: You will create a warm, inviting environment for staff and clients. We will train you on different types of massage techniques, and you will use this knowledge to match clients and therapists correctly based on our leveling system and the client’s problem areas.  Starting Pay:  Competitive hourly pay commensurate with experience plus incentive bonus based upon your contribution to achievement of studio growth targets & operational excellence.  Schedule:  Elements Massage is open seven days a week, therefore candidates must be available to work weekends.  This is a part time position (under 35 hours per week).  Required Background: Qualified candidates will have sales and customer service experience in a customer facing environment, be a team-oriented thinker and possess the ability and aptitude to learn new proprietary computer software.  Due to the nature of the role, the ideal candidate will possess exceptional communication skills as well as the ability to interact successfully with a wide range of clients, colleagues, partners and vendors both in person and over the phone.  A positive, can-do attitude is also essential to success in the role.  Computer proficiency (both online and offline) is necessary. Attention to detail and ability to follow instructions (written and verbal) is essential.  Ability to remain flexible in a constantly changing environment. Must have the ability to remain confident and calm under stress.  If this sounds like you, then please come be part of a team that is focused on the wellness of others!






part-time-job hourly-wage