Job Description  *Seeking multiple candidates for this position.* This is a full-time position for a candidate with experience in sales and business development for engineering software. Candidate will use Microsoft Office and Microsoft CRM Dynamics, along with various other tools, to sell software and perform the following tasks: 1. Research potential client groups and make contact with Structural Engineers, Steel Fabricators, and Steel Detailers 2. Develop and nurture leads all the way through to sale, then process sale 3. Help the company grow into new markets. 4. Potentially participate in up to 2 exhibitions throughout North America 5. Work with marketing personnel to ensure the most effective outreach to clients and potential clients  Job is on site in West Chicago, IL. Within 2 months, job will move to northern Naperville location - USA applicants only. The start date is immediate. There may be occasional travel associated with this position, but it is primarily phone calling and emailing leads.  Desired Skills & Experience 1. Microsoft Office 2. Engineering Software Sales - structural engineering software sales preferred 3. Structural Engineering Experience (desired, but not required)  Company Description Descon is the industry standard for Structural Steel Connection Design Software. With over 27 years of market dominance, Descon keeps moving forward.  Omnitech Associates developed and supported Descon software for over 25 years. They made their software the industry standard for steel connection design as they revolutionized the market. Omnitech has decided to pass their software along to a new team who will continue with moving Descon forward.  DesconPlus was founded late in 2012 and took over DesconWin and DesconBrace. We want to focus on renewing customer interest and involvement in this software so that we can develop it in the direction that our customers desire. Since Descon has a very loyal and large customer base, we have no doubt that you will give valuable input.  Salary Range: Base salary with commission is dependent on applicant experience.






full-time-job hourly-wage