Sprint by California Wireless Solutions Inc. is looking for experienced Wireless Service and Repair Technicians to assist with our company’s growth. We are currently seeking friendly, professional, and highly motivated full-time Technicians with a desire to earn an unlimited amount of capital; as well as to grow and move up within the company.  We at California Wireless Solutions Inc, are taking the initiative with this _New Revolutionary Plan_ in the wireless industry and are excited to open new job opportunities in our Service and Repair Department.  Our top Wireless Service and Repair Technician associates earn well over $60k per year and there is great advancement opportunities.  In addition to competitive compensation (hourly base pay plus commissions and bonuses), we also offer other work benefits such as: * Paid time off * Commuter benefits * Employee phone programs and discounts * Medical and Dental Insurance Benefits * Opportunities for advancement In addition to all these benefits, we offer top-notch training to increase your confidence and sales skills. You will be thoroughly trained and polished by our top of the line Sales Trainers and Sales Coaches to maximize your earnings potential.  We are seeking hard working professional cellular phone repair technicians to keep up with the amazing demand that we have generated by offering professional, competitive and plain and simple good top notch customer service.  Wireless Service and Repair Technicians Job Position Summary: * Technical and troubleshooting skills (Must be comfortable handling, disassembly / reassembly of all cell phones) * Must have great computer and communication skills and be able to work with others in a fast pace environment. * Knowledge of wireless communication preferred * Basic computer skills  \\*Bilingual in Spanish and English a plus We repair all manufacturers’ cellphones, including Samsung, LG, Kyocera, Blackberry, HTC and many more. Employees must be available to work a retail schedule that includes evenings, weekends, and holidays.  If you would like to work for a company that offers a professional corporate as well as a family culture, with excellent earnings potential and long-term growth opportunities, we encourage you to explore your opportunities here at California Wireless Solution Inc!  Apply today to learn more about this great career opportunity!  Do not miss your opportunity to join us! Interviews are being conducted *NOW!*






hourly-wage