PTC Therapeutics, Inc., located in South Plainfield, NJ s a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of orally administered, proprietary small-molecule drugs that target post-transcriptional control processes. While our discovery programs are directed at targets in multiple therapeutic areas, we are focusing particularly on the development and commercialization of treatments for orphan and ultra-orphan disorders.   Our lead product candidate is ataluren for the treatment of patients with genetic disorders that arise from a type of genetic mutation known as a nonsense mutation. Ataluren is in late stage clinical development for the treatment of Duchenne muscular dystrophy caused by nonsense mutations (nmDMD) and cystic fibrosis caused by nonsense mutations (nmCF).    CLINICAL RESEARCH SCIENTIST   POSITION OVERVIEW   Responsible for the development, implementation and management of clinical trials, including protocol writing, CRF design, investigator/site selection, managing the site (and possibly a CRO) through the complete cycle of the trial. Provides scientific and operational expertise throughout the implementation and conduct of clinical studies. Writes / manages clinical trial protocols, protocol amendments, and develops clinical study project timelines. Interacts with various project team members in order to assist in clinical strategy, the development of study plans, and project deliverables.   Major Duties and Responsibilities  • Work in an integrated team environment as a member of the Clinical team in building, executing, and managing clinical trials.  • Participate in the development of clinical strategy and trial design by conducting meetings with the appropriate departments and individuals to obtain feedback/direction.  • Write study protocols, protocol amendments, and informed consents  • Evaluate scientific literature and publications, and learn about current clinical practice in the various indications in order to write protocols.  • Prepare investigational site lists and participate in reviewing and approving investigational sites.  • Negotiate contracts and budgets with sites and vendors and present to the project team for approval.  • Plan, coordinate, and conduct investigator meetings including presentations at the meetings.  • Propose/recommend monitoring, safety, eligibility, enrollment, and data consistency strategies.  • Manage clinical study timelines, budget by utilizing the appropriate project management tools, selecting providers, managing vendor contracts, and ensuring expenditures are within budgetary guidelines.  • Facilitate regulatory submissions and communications by working with appropriate team members during the submission process.  • Interpret clinical study results in preparation for clinical study reports and regulatory submissions.  • Present scientific data by communicating accurate, succinct summaries of clinical study work at internal team meetings and investigators meetings.  • Provides accurate progress reports on clinical projects by writing assigned clinical portions of reports for submission to regulatory agencies, Institutional Review Boards, Medical Ethics Committees, etc.   REQUIREMENTS  • BS/BA in Sciences/Pharmacy/Nursing (Master’s is a plus).  • Post Graduate training in a health related field and/or equivalent experience is desirable  • 7+ years of US and International experience in the clinical research working for a Pharmaceutical company or Clinical Research Organization.  • In depth knowledge of clinical trial design, monitoring skills, GCP and ICH guidelines/impact.  • Working knowledge and experience with IND and NDA submissions desirable  • Previous experience as a field monitor a plus.






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed