Summit Polymers, Inc. is an automotive supplier of injection molded interior trim, which specializes in the engineering, manufacturing, and assembly of feature based registers, consoles and trim panels. High performance, lean manufacturing, and full service product development assure Summit’s continued growth and success. We currently have a great opportunity to join our team.  Summit offers a very competitive compensation and benefit package including medical, dental, vision, prescription, life and disability insurance; generous 401(k), flexible spending options, relocation consideration, tuition reimbursement, and flexible schedules; plus progressive career advancement for high performers. Applicants must include salary requirements and/or history to be considered. Summit is unable to sponsor any additional F1, TN or H1B Visas at this time. This position requires you to be able to meet our pre-employment testing standards and complete all post-hire training expectations.  The Maintenance Tech position is skilled maintenance work on equipment, buildings, and grounds.  Under general supervision, this position is responsible for the following major tasks:  • Performs routine preventive maintenance on machines and equipment as required.  • Troubleshoots, disassembles, and reassembles equipment, machinery, and components as directed.  • Performs building maintenance tasks, including interior and exterior building and ground maintenance involving electrical, mechanical, heating, cooling, plumbing, carpentry work as necessary.  • Troubleshoots pneumatic, hydraulic, electrical mechanical equipment as directed.  • Tests equipment, components, and machinery to assure proper operation.  • Welds, cuts, brazes metal for repair and fabrication purposes.  • Inspects equipment, machinery, tools, and facilities and reports needed repairs to Maintenance Manager for scheduling.  • Performs necessary repairs to interior and exterior of building as directed.  • Trains less experienced personnel as directed.  • Completes forms, work orders, charts, and other miscellaneous paperwork to assure proper documentation of work needed or performed.  • Other duties as assigned.   Requirements  Must possess the ability to train others for routine positions and gather information; agree to complete all post-hire required training; meet minimum testing requirements; and pass pre-employment drug screen.






salary supervising-job