All Around Sports, a successful 11 year Akron, Ohio based high school sports schedule poster company is expanding and is looking to immediately hire a Director of Business Development to our team.  This is an outside sales position. We will provide you with a salary plus bonuses. You will be on the road most of the day visiting schools. We will also have quota's for you to reach, but excellent rewards when quota's have been achieved.  At All Around Sports our primary goal is to partner with schools to help them fund their athletic program while providing inexpensive advertising solutions for local merchants who support those schools. As a result, our program helps build strong relationships between schools and their local communities. There is no cost to the school and no effort on their end. You will visit schools and meet with athletic directors and sign them up for our program. Northeast Ohio is a high school sports gold mine. We work with the schools for all three of their sports season (Fall, Winter and Spring)  Become a part of an established company that has expanded to the Midwest. Our corporate office is located in Akron,Ohio.  Responsibilities will include recruiting local high school athletic departments to our program so that our inside and outside sales team members can sell advertisements for the schedule posters to raise money for the local athletic departments.  An ideal candidate will have extensive sales experience. We are looking for someone with proven success in sales. We call referrals, do background checks and require proof of your experience and income in sales.  Estimated first year income for this position will be between and $65,000-$80,000, depending on your commissions and bonuses. Second year income should exceed $100,000.  We are looking for someone with high energy and that is extremely motivated. The right candidate will be promoted to our Regional Sales Director position overseeing other Directors of Business Development. We are looking for a long term employee who wants to make a consistent six figure income and that is not afraid to work hard to achieve it.  Face to face interviews and our one day training will be held in our corporate office in Akron, Ohio.  If interested, please respond with a detailed cover letter and resume to this ad only. We will contact you by phone if qualified.  * Location: Toledo * Compensation: Salary plus commission plus bonuses * Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster. * Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.






2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job salary supervising-job