Prevention Grant Coordinator – This is a grant funded position responsible for assisting in the  coordination and implementation of the Strategic Prevention Framework-Partners for Success  grant initiatives to prevent underage drinking among persons 12-20 years of age, as well as  prevent the misuse and abuse of prescription drugs among persons 12-25 years of age. The  grant coordination and implementation includes, but is not limited to, research, development,  and improvement of prevention programs and strategies in Mohave, Navajo and Yavapai  counties. The grant will target community prevention coalitions, Tribal Nations, and Veterans  and their families.   Responsibilities:  • Researches, develops, and implements, prevention projects, strategies and programs to reduce youth 30-day use of alcohol. • Researches, develops, implement and oversee prevention projects, strategies and programs to reduce prescription drug abuse in youth 30-day use. • Monitors prevention programs in target area(s); and evaluates prevention program outcomes, conducts site visits; develops and communicates evidence-based strategies to increase prevention efforts. • Increases community prevention coalition understanding of the Strategic Prevention Framework; technical assistance and training on prevention theory. • Analyzes data and information for prevention projects; completes written project and progress reports to NARBHA, its stakeholders and the Department of Behavioral Health Services, as required. • Provides technical assistance to prevention providers and coalitions on data reporting; reviews project data to ensure impact of programming in reducing  disparities; Conducts annual needs and capacity assessments; technical assistance on grant reporting.  • Coordinates prevention related events and/or methods of outreach to underserved populations through community forums, focus groups, and/or by participating in health fairs, as appropriate. • Coordinates prevention outreach with prevention providers including social marketing campaigns, public relations and marketing within areas of interest. • Serve as primary liaison for designated counties and/or prevention providers, community coalitions and collaborating partners to NARBHA Prevention Manager. • Performs other duties of a similar nature and level as assigned.  Requirements:  • A Bachelor’s degree in the behavioral health or related field and two years’ experience in prevention and community development, or program development and public relations; or an equivalent combination of education and experience sufficient to successfully perform he essential duties of this position. • Knowledge of the Behavioral Health Systems including policies, procedures and contract compliance; grant writing experience. • Knowledge of the State of Arizona AHCCCS and ADHS policies and procedures; related to prevention programs is a plus.  • Proficiency with the use of Microsoft Office applications. • Ability to effectively prioritize and handle multiple projects • Ability to research and analyze various types of data • Excellent verbal and written communication skills. • Ability to work collaboratively as a team or independently   To learn more or to apply for this position, please visit NARBHA’s website at www.example.com for more information or click on this link to apply: www.example.com






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed