This is a fantastic opportunity for you to have an outstanding sales career. This is an outside sales position selling ADT Pulse home technologies, video surveillance and ADT security monitoring service. ADT Pulse is the leading product and service in the security and home technology industry and has significant growth potential.   You will work for California Security Pro an ADT Authorized Dealer in California. California Security Pro has been in business since 1999 and has one of the strongest online reputations and high quality customer scores in the industry. When you join our team, your mission will be to help us become the number one security company in California and give the highest level of customer service possible. In sales today, it is vitally important to work for a company that has a very strong online reputation and exceptional customer reviews. 90% of customers go to the internet to research before they decide which company is best for them.  Google Search >>> California Security Pro. Our online reputation speaks for itself and will help you maximize your earning potential as a Sales Representative.  What We Offer You:  Career Advancement Opportunities Positive Team Environment Great Commissions: Average Sales Rep $60,000 (potential for $100,000+) Extensive Sales Training   You Need to Have:  Disciplined Work Ethic Passion for Customer Service Outgoing Personality with a Professional Image Competitive Attitude and Money Motivated Ability to Quickly Learn and Duplicate Successful Sales Techniques  To learn more about the opportunity to join our sales team click the link:   For more information about California Security Pro visit our website: www.example.com  Call Alisha Blunk, Sales Support Manager at  XXX  to apply for this position. We look forward to having you be part of our successful sales team.     Contra Costa County Cities We Serve:  Alamo, Antioch, Bay Point, Bethel Island, Blackhawk, Brentwood, Byron, Camino Tassajara, Clayton, Concord, Crocket, Danville, Diablo, Discovery Bay, East Richmond Heights, El Cerrito, El Sobrante, Hercules, Kensington, Lafayette, Marsh Creek Springs, Martinez, Moraga, North Richmond, Oakley, Orinda, Pacheco, Pinole, Pittsburg, Pleasant Hill, Point Richmond, Port Costa, Richmond, Rodeo, San Pablo, San Ramon, and Walnut Creek.   Alameda County Cites We Serve:  Alameda, Albany, Berkeley, Castro Valley, Dublin, Emeryville, Fremont, Hayward, Livermore, Lorenzo Station, Newark, Oakland, Piedmont, Pleasanton, San Leandro, San Lorenzo, Sunol and Union City.  See more at: www.example.com






