About Dash Financial Dash Financial, a division of Electronic Brokerage Systems, is one of the largest electronic trading firms by market share and provides trading solutions for several of the world’s largest banks, brokers, mutual funds and hedge funds.  With offices in Chicago, New York, San Francisco and Kiev, Dash provides both buy- and sell-side clients with bespoke, low latency algorithmic, trade execution and DMA connectivity in US equity and options markets. Dash is rapidly expanding the size of its Chicago office to meet growth. This is a \"ground-floor\" opportunity to obtain experience in electronic equity and options trading, and to work in a thrilling, fast-paced environment.   About the Role Executive Office Coordinator We are seeking a highly motivated individual to join our Executive Office Administrative Team to assist with the daily management of our Executive Team. This role will involve working closely with the existing team to maintain a highly organized and efficient office. The successful candidate will exhibit a high level of professionalism and will thrive in a fast-paced, high-pressure environment. This position will require well structured organizational skills as well as a desire to learn the business. This is an opportunity to be involved with the management of a rapidly growing, young firm and will require the utmost dedication to producing high-quality work.    Responsibilities will include:   • Maintaining Dash's internal organizational methods while developing new techniques to improve efficiency. • Organizing and prioritizing daily tasks of the Executive Office team which include the CEO and CFO. • Coordinating meetings with business partners, clients and employees. • Completing various projects and assignments pertaining to a variety of business purposes • Handling external correspondence on behalf of the Executive Office, including email, letters, and memos. • Managing the rigorous travel schedules of the Executive Team. • Learning and internalizing the business model of a high-tech algorithmic trading firm   Qualified candidates will possess:   •       A high degree of focus, time management and foresight •       Must have 1-2 years experience in an executive support capacity. • The drive to excel and build new methodology to supplement current practices • The ability to perform in a high-pressure work environment while maintaining high standards of professional conduct. • A rigorous work-ethic with ambition to grow role. • Strong verbal and written communication skills. • Ability to follow complex oral and written instructions. • Strong executive presence. • Experience working with MS Office   Must send a cover letter along with a resume or CV






2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job full-time-job