Description  The position is responsible for performing routine maintenance and a variety of repairs on WCA vehicles.  The position is crucial to the safe and productive operation of the fleet.   Essential Duties and Responsibilities (but not limited to)  Performs repairs and maintenance on front-end loader, roll-off, and other site vehicles to maximize safe and productive operations.  Typical repairs include, but are not limited to, routine maintenance and repairing engines, chassis and body components, hydraulic cylinders, brake systems, suspension systems, wheels, and tires. Road tests vehicles to troubleshoot problems and/or test repairs to ensure proper and safe completion. Reads and interprets VCR's (vehicle condition reports) and/or repair orders, communicates with supervisor and/or driver for clarification of problems.  May discuss preventive techniques with drivers to minimize future repairs. Makes emergency road calls to make repairs on trucks that break down while driving a collection route.   Skills/Abilities and Knowledge (but not limited to)  Class A or B CDL. Must be knowledgeable of and capable of performing repairs in an efficient, effective, and timely manner.  Must be able to communicate effectively, read, estimate, calculate, interpret, measure and document in writing.  Able to sustain a steady work pace over an entire work day.  Able to tolerate confined spaces for extended periods of time. Able to safely drive the service truck to perform repairs.   Physical Requirements (but not limited to)  Reading Writing Communicating Visually inspect vehicles and parts, around and under the truck and its components Adequate hearing Dexterity for handling small parts and tools in tight spaces Sufficient strength for handling / lifting larger parts and tools Pushing/Pulling Gripping/Grasping Reaching Standing Walking Bending Crawling/Climbing Crouching/kneeling Driving Able to lift up to one hundred (100) pounds as needed daily Stamina and flexibility to maintain a steady work pace. Valid DOT medical card Able to work utilizing personal protective equipment (PPE) such as safety glasses, steel-toed work shoes, uniform, hearing protection.   Output/Productivity Expected (but not limited to)  Daily for all tasks mentioned. Working Conditions Indoors and outdoors in all weather conditions May be on a day, evening, or night shift






licence-needed