OTR Dispatcher/ Warehouse employee needed for a professional family owned Trucking Company that's been in business for over 28 years based in Riverside . Work consists of: working in a office and out in the warehouse. This is a great opportunity for someone who likes challenging work, enjoys a clean environment, and wants to make the most of all of their skills. We are looking for someone with a great attitude, a sense of urgency, good work ethic, ability to learn , team player and good time management. If interested, please contact us today! Please email resume or job qualifications and work history.  Position Summary:   A Landjet OTR Dispatcher/ Warehouse employee will help answer phone calls and assist with another team member in dispatching and scheduling. They will also be responsible but not limited to all other aspects of unloading and loading freight.  Major Responsibilities:  - Assisting with driver dispatching and scheduling - Making and modifying appointment based on scheduling - Communicating with customers and venders - Processing driver envelopes and data entry  - Provide after-hours phone support for drivers  - Other projects and tasks as assigned by superiors  This person should be able to work with minimal supervision and be comfortable working in an industrial environment as the office is located on the same premise with our warehouse headquarters. Knowledge of the transportation industry will be considered a huge plus. Professionals that are comfortable working with strong personalities in a fast paced environment would do well.  Requirements:  - Bachelor's Degree or a minimum of 5 years experience - Moderate computer skills required - Experience in the transportation industry preferred  Preferred skills to qualify for higher starting pay:  - Experience working in transportation   - Experience with dispatching drivers - Experience loading freight to balance out weight - Bilingual (Spanish and English)  Benefits: (After 90 days)  Blue Shield Medical PPO  Dental plan   Vision plan   401K - Plan   Vacation  Compensation : Salary $34,000 - 45,000K based on skills and experience  Were looking for a well round individual that can grow. That person needs to be self sufficient and have the ability to learn quickly and be The go to Guy.  Typical hours would be Monday thru Friday 8-5PM.  If your interested please email you resume.






full-time-job bs-degree-needed salary 5-plus-years-experience-needed