Relocation offered!  Position Purpose: Transport non-ambulatory and acute stretcher patients to and from patient’s residences and health care facilities. To provide exceptional medical care to all patients they encounter without judgment of their situation.  To be patient’s greatest advocate, to ensure the preservation of their rights, privacy and dignity.  Essential Functions and Basic Duties: oPositive and supportive team member to staff members and the hospital. oParticipates in all new equipment and policy orientation. oActs as an internal consultant and educator to hospital staff in areas of expertise, as needed. oInteraction with other departments in solving problems and working as a team. oDemonstrates a professional and caring attitude. oAttends and completes annual skill assessment and feedback session. oActs as a coach and mentor to new staff members to ensure a smooth transition into the department. oStrives to ensure continual compliance with departmental and Hospital policy and State & Federal Regulation. oParticipates in mandatory in-services. oFollows P & P for infection control, safety and risk management to ensure a safe environment for patients, public and staff. oCan identify and assess system to report abuse of employee and/or patients. oStrives to be in compliant with department specific safety policies.  Attends department specific safety training. oIs competent in age specific treatment protocols including treatment of pediatric as well as geriatric patients. oParticipate in covering community events and in-services. oMust posses the ability to communicate verbally via telephone, radio equipment and in person.   oMust be able to interpret written, oral and diagnostic form instructions.   oMust possess the ability to read and understand English language manuals and road maps and accurately discern street signs and address numbers.  oMust possess the ability to converse in English with all persons involved in the patient’s care. oMust possess good manual dexterity with the ability to perform all tasks related to the highest quality patient care. oMust possess the ability to use good judgment and remain calm in high-stress situations and work effectively in an environment with loud noises and flashing lights.   oMust possess the ability to work in low light, confined spaces and other dangerous environments. oMust possess the ability to calculate weight and volume ratios and read small print, both under threatening time constraints. oMust possess the ability to interview patients, family members and bystanders. oMust possess the ability to document in writing any relevant information in the prescribed format in light of legal ramifications. oMust be able to lift, carry and balance up to 100 pounds using acceptable techniques.  oMay be assigned cleaning, clerical or other duties related to the operation of the department. oStaff members must adhere to hospital and departmental policies and procedures. oStaff members may be assigned cleaning, clerical, or other duties related to the operation of the department. oFull-time staff members are required to ensure that adequate supplies and oxygen are available. oEnsures that their ambulance is fully stocked and clean at the beginning and end of their shift and ensures that the ambulance is stocked and cleaned between calls. oPerforms other duties as assigned.  Additional In-House Duties:  May be requested and be stationed in the Emergency Department (ED) to assist with patient care and assessments as assigned.  The following list of duties applies at all times:  EMS staff will provide care within his/her scope of certification at the direction of the ED RN or physician and according to the orders of the ED physician. The EMS staff will respond to CODES to provide assistance within the hospital. When EMS is paged for ambulance runs, the EMS staff will notify the ED Clinical Technician or Nurse by any communication available that he/she is leaving. The primary responsibility of EMS providers remains to provide pre-hospital care.






