Print-O-Stat, Inc.'s Geospatial Division has earned a reputation among survey and construction companies for offering the most comprehensive list of survey products and services available.  As an authorized distributor of Leica, Sokkia and Carlson surveying and measurement instruments, we go beyond selling a product, we offer a complete customized solution, ensuring maximum return on your equipment investment and ultimate business success.  Print-O-Stat, Inc. is looking for an experienced sales professional who wants to build a career around selling state-of-the-art surveying technology including laser, optical, and positioning equipment and accessories.   *Minimum Requirements:*  * Industry experience in field survey and or construction * Experience in an outside sales position within the AEC market * Aptitude for driving measurable sales results through demonstrating strong sales skills * Aptitude for learning new technology * Strong presentation, organizational and time management skills * Outstanding verbal and written communication skill * Exceptional interpersonal, relationship building skills * Associate’s Degree or high school diploma with industry relevant work experience * Valid driver’s license. * Self motivated and positive attitude * Detail oriented, reliable, creative*  *Responsibilities:*  *Creating and pursuing sales leads through interaction with survey, construction and GIS industry professionals. Identifying client needs and opportunities where Print-O-Stat equipment and services will improve client productivity. Developing important and effective relationships with current and potential customers  Delivering stellar presentations and proposals and closing deals. Effectively position Print-O-Stat’s products in a competitive sales situation. Achieving expected activity goals and gross profit targets. Increasing Print-O-Stat’s visibility in the marketplace and staying up-to-date on industry information and our competition.*  Benefits:  When you join the Print-O-Stat, Inc. team you can expect growth opportunities and professional development through on-going training. We offer a competitive salary, commission and excellent benefits. Our benefits include: * 401(k) Plan with a Company Match * Tuition Reimbursement * Medical, Dental, Vision Insurance * Life Insurance * Flexible Spending Accounts * Paid Holidays, Sick and Vacation Time






salary associate-needed