Nissan is currently seeking a dynamic individual to fill an opening for a Senior Fixed Operations Manager located in our Buffalo, NY District in our Nissan Regional Northeast office.  *Job Summary* Supports assigned dealerships’ Parts & Service Operations to achieve district’s sales objectives for parts, service and wholesale sales targets. Assesses parts and service operations through routine contact and site visits. Identifies areas of improvement and convinces dealership P&S management to make improvements. Helps identify best in class dealerships’ practices and recommends incorporation into programs and policies. Supports AGM with local logistical support for market representation decisions and related dealership implications. Works with Dealer Operations Manager counterpart to synergize operations. Cooperates with other districts to maximize regional and national P&S sales efforts.  Districts may consist of 11 to 13 Dealerships.  *Job Functions* • Conducts routine dealership visits to review operations and meet with vehicle sales staff, management and Dealer Principal to assess all aspects of sales operations.  • Routinely reviews P&S sales reports and financial statements with P&S management to monitor financial strength of P&S operations and compliance with company standards and agreements.  • Reviews and monitors marketing and advertising plans for dealerships and assesses current effectiveness of their efforts.  • Understands other external consultant’s services currently utilized or considered by dealership.  • Educates and enlightens dealership personal on current incentive programs for customers, sales associates and dealership. Assists management with implementation and proper applications of programs.  • Monitors parts inventories and understands dealership tracking systems.  • Coordinates with Rgl Customer Experience Mgr on analysis of quality of customer interface and service practices in dealerships’ P&S operations.  • Supports dealership, district, region and national efforts by presence and assistance at auto shows and special events promoting brands and sales.  • Assists AGM with Market Representation related issues and actions within assigned dealerships as requested.  • Maintains awareness of competing dealerships in assigned market. Assists with analysis of market information and incorporates market expansion opportunities into assigned dealerships to maximize P&S sales.  • Understands dealer agreements and required performance and policy compliance for dealerships.  • Assists AGM and dealerships with logistics relating to opening and closing of dealership operations.  *Minimum Qualifications Skills & Abilities*  • Bachelor’s Degree in Business or related field required.  • A total of 6 years of progressive Marketing and Sales experience for the senior level including:  • A minimum 3 years of analytical experience in various specialties of the automotive industry including: Sales Operations, Dealer Agreements, Marketing, Parts and Service. Prior work may be a combination within a dealership, region, headquarters, or manufacturing facility and may be at the Analyst or Regional Manager level or similar type of position. At least 2 or more additional years of experience within a previous dealer contact support role such as FSM, FOM or DOM role is required for some district assignments and advancement to the senior level.  • Computer Skills: MS Office  • Dedication to meeting the expectations and requirements of internal and external customers.  • Attentive to others opinions and perspectives.  • Ability to influence the actions of others by building credibility through dealership knowledge, effective recommendations, clear communications, honesty, and demonstrated follow-up on promises.  • Ability to understand the complexities of situations and solicit assistance from others as needed.  • Travel: More than 75% day and overnight domestic travel.  Welcome to an open lane of possibility. Apply Now.






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job