Top Shelf Design,a boutique graphic design and web development firm in Arlington, VA is seeking the right individual for a full-time sales position.  1-2 years of B2B sales experience is required.  The success of our firm has been a result of our outstanding relationships with our clients and partners.  Therefore, the ideal candidate will be personable, ambitious, conscientious, detail-oriented, and familiar with relationship-based marketing and MUST have B2B experience. Cold and warm calling experience is a plus.  The successful candidate must be comfortable prospecting and selling to Marketing and Communication executives in the private and non-profit sector, and must be able to manage the full sales cycle of contracts up to $50,000.  Top Shelf Design offers the chance to be part of a rapidly growing company.  Base salary will range from $35,000 to $45,000.  Commissions are not capped.  Within one year, the outstanding candidate could enjoy a total compensation package of $100,000.00 per year or more.  Please visit our website at www.example.com to learn more about our firm.  If you are interested, please send your resume.  EOE.  Overall Responsibilities:  -Provide expertise when discussing graphic design options with current or potential clients. -Generate qualified leads and referrals to transition them to meetings and sales opportunities.  -Generate sales opportunities by identifying appropriate business targets, secure high-level appointments, execute a strategic sales process and manage the prospect to a close and contract negotiation. -Generate a sales pipeline; qualify opportunities, and accurately forecast pipeline by using Highrise CRM. -Develop and execute strategic plans for business development ensuring goals and objectives support the corporate strategy and business plan. -Understand and anticipate the needs of potential/current clients -Research organizations within a defined target market to understand their business and identify their need for design services. -Determine requirements and expectations of potential customers in order to recommend specific and suitable products and solutions -Present our services and solutions to prospects in accordance with procedures standard to our sales processes. -Negotiate terms of business with clients to achieve win/win results that provide the basis for strong ongoing relationships and increased revenue. -Manage time productively, meet set goals, and work effectively with other team members. -Attend networking events and other local business organization meetings to establish yourself as a leader in the graphic design industry. -Present professional image to all clients and co-workers at all times  Desired Qualifications & Experience:   -BA or BS Degree -Excited about business development, lead generation activities, formulating and executing sales -plans, business plans, and strategies with minimal supervision.  -Competitive, self-starter, go-and-get approach and the will to win. -Excellent verbal and presentation skills, strong presence, sales, negotiation and influencing skills; fluent English and local language skills. -Graphic design sales experience or printing sales experience is a plus. -Must be an excellent at networking and willing to attend most networking functions.






1-year-experience-needed salary bs-degree-needed full-time-job