Community Research Foundation (CRF) is the leader in providing behavioral health care in San Diego, helping thousands of individuals each year recover from mental illness.  We are a fast moving, dedicated member of the public sector safety net, with 28 programs and approximately 700 employees throughout San Diego County.  With more than 30 years of dedication, hard work, and commitment, CRF has earned an enviable reputation among our clients and the community for cutting edge programs and services. We are deeply proud of this reputation and the employees who work very hard to preserve and nurture it. You will find a progressive and collaborative work environment with friendly, committed and fun employees. In addition, CRF has been recognized by the American Heart Association for meeting the criteria for employee wellness as a Fit Friendly workplace.  Our health and pension benefits are top notch and our organization provides many opportunities to learn and contribute. CRF is committed to supporting its employees in their educational and professional development. We offer a rich variety of training opportunities including the annual Barbara Black Scholarship Award Program. As a public service organization, CRF employees are also eligible to participate in the Public Service Loan Forgiveness (PSLF) Program.   We currently have an opening for regular full time job opportunity for an Assistant Program Director at our South Bay Guidance Wellness Recovery Center Team.  Our facility is a outpatient program for the severely mentally ill and provides services for the south Bay area.  General Description   The Assistant Program Director supports the Program Director with the responsibilities of managing all aspects of program operations.  This may include, but is not limited to, service  delivery, contract compliance, personnel management, program development, budgetary and fiscal responsibilities, quality assurance and improvement, facility maintenance, clinical oversight, and implementation and compliance with CRF’s policies and procedures.    Qualifications/Skills Requirement  The ideal candidate possesses a Master’s Degree or higher in a mental health-related field and is licensed or license eligible. Experience working with persistent mentally ill population and formal supervisory/management experience preferred. Bilingual proficiency in English and Spanish is required. Microsoft Office Software experience is also required in this position.  To be considered as a candidate for the above position, please forward an updated resume/CV and salary requirements taddressed o Adrienne Anderson, PhD, IMF Program Director.  Please visit us at www.example.com for more information.  Be a part of our vibrant organization and make a difference in the lives of the people we serve. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer






full-time-job ms-or-phd-needed