Peninsula Family Service has been serving communities on the Peninsula for over 60 years and has been offering child development programs for 40 of those years. We empower children, families, and older adults to achieve and maintain self-sufficiency, building a strong and caring community. We offer employment opportunities and career growth. As the needs of our diverse community and clientele change, so do the services we offer. If you are just starting out in your career or a seasoned veteran looking to make a difference, Peninsula Family Service can be the perfect step for you. Our organization values its diverse workforce and the importance of teamwork. We provide opportunities for creative thinkers and problem-solvers alike.  Peninsula Family Service is actively seeking an Early Head Start Infant/Toddler Teacher for its Child Development program.  GENERAL DESCRIPTION: This position is the primary caregiver for an assigned group of children and provides a warm and nurturing environment that helps children grow intellectually, physically, emotionally and socially. This position is responsible for the design, planning, and implementation of a quality childcare classroom for children generally between the ages of 6 weeks and 3 years. The position is the role model for staff in all aspects of the program and participates in all activities in the classroom. This position is part of the overall Child Development & Education team and is responsible for the implementation of the Early Head Start Program requirements.  REPORTS TO: Site Director  JOB CLASSIFICATION: Non-Exempt  QUALIFICATIONS: Required: 1. Child Development Teacher permit or qualified to apply for permit 2. 24 ECE units and 16 General Education units 3. Six infant/toddler units in Early Childhood Education 4. BA (or AA Degree with an education plan to achieve a BA degree) 5. Minimum of 18 years of age, and have a high school diploma or equivalent 6. One year experience working with this age group 7. Ability to conduct home visits (must have a valid driver's license, a car and ability to meet with families in their homes) 8. Ability to accept and work with children and adults from diverse backgrounds  Staff must model proper language for the children. Staff must be able to comprehend English; communicate (verbally and written) in English to parents and other adults; use grammatically correct language; and when possible, speak in the child's home language.  Preferred: 1. Master's degree in related field 2. Social work background or education 3. Two years of experience working with infants and toddlers 4. Knowledge and skills in RIE and PITC 5. Experience in staff supervision 6. Experience with conducting screenings and assessments for infants and toddlers 7. Three semester units of Early Childhood Education Administration 8. Bilingual in English/Spanish  DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: EHS: 1. Adheres to and ensures all Early Head Start and California Department of Education mandates and requirements (i.e. Performance Standards, federal mandates, guidelines, regulations, etc.) activity timelines and due dates are met and in compliance which includes but not limited to the following:  1. Child files are reviewed and monitored monthly, or more frequently as needed. 2. Group size and ratio meet EHS requirements. 3. Continue to meet staff qualifications for EHS. 4. Complete and conduct 2 home visits and 2 parent teacher conferences per child per year 5. Work closely with ERSEA, Mental Health Interventionists, Public Health Nurse, case managers, GGRC, etc. as needed and/or required 6. Ensure all disabilities screening, referrals and services are completed in a timely manner and/or on the due date. 7. Complete health and other developmental screenings for each child as requested and/or assigned 8. See that assessments and quarterly service reports are kept for each child 9. Complete the developmental screenings within 45-days of enrollment for each child 10. Communicate to appropriate personnel (i.e. Site Director, Service Area Manager, Family Advocate, MHI, etc.) and make referrals as needed for services for children or parents 11. Implement the IFSP (Individual Family Service Plan) 12. Complete and conduct on-going assessments for each child at least 3 times per year as required by the California Department of Education and/or Early Head Start whichever is the more stringent of the two. 13. Create and maintain the following for each child: children's portfolios, Individual Learning Plan, anecdotal records, and write on-going observations, etc. 14. Conduct/complete parent/teacher conferences at least two times per year per child 15. Prepare and implement the lesson plans 16. Ensure lesson plans meet and ILP's reflect program philosophy and standards (i.e. Creative Curriculum, Anti-bias curriculum, etc.), are developmentally and age appropriate (i.e. PITC, RIE, DAP, Desired Results, Performance Standards, etc.). 17. May be requested to perform some of the roles and responsibilities of the Family Advocate, such as maintaining bulletin boards, assisting with enrollment, providing information to families, making referrals, home visits, etc.  Staff: 1. Make sure that there is always adequate staff and supervision and notify site director if not. 2. Assist site director in planning monthly all-staff meetings. 3. Act in place of the site director when assigned. 4. When requested facilitate regular classroom staff meetings that include discussions of individual children, health and safety practices, activity plans, and general training. 5. Work cooperatively with the site director in achieving the goals and objectives of the classroom and center. 6. See that all staff practice universal health precautions.  Children: 1. Visually supervise the classroom and outdoor area. Anticipate and move quickly to prevent potentially injurious situations that arise during play. 2. Ensure that the classroom environment is developmentally appropriate, including but not limited to music, manipulative supplies, soft blocks, dramatic play opportunities, art, sensory exploration, and physical movement. 3. Ensure that the outdoor environment is developmentally appropriate and including but is not limited to sand, climbing, water play, wheel toys, dramatic play, and sensory experiences. 4. Help with the physical set up including moving outdoor equipment to appropriate areas. 5. Develop and carry out written activity plans that relate to the physical, social, linguistic and cognitive levels of the children enrolled as determined by assessments and child observations. 6. Take part in caring for the physical needs of the assigned children and be aware of the needs of the entire classroom to see that children are cared for. These needs include diapering, feeding, and helping put children down for naps. 7. Interact, initiate, and encourage the children in the activities during the day. 8. Supervise and take part in cleanup activities. 9. Model a positive, consistent approach to helping children develop inner behavior controls and good social skills.  Parents: 1. Maintain good relationships with parents through daily verbal contact and/or written notes and document any concerns. 2. See that conferences are held and that the service plan for each child is completed quarterly with parent. 3. Contact parents when their child is ill. 4. Submit written items for the parent newsletter. 5. Attend parent meetings 6. Involve parents by recognizing their talents and soliciting their participation. 7. Model appropriate adult/child interactions while encouraging and supporting parent and infant attachment.  Administrative Duties: 1. Open the classroom or close at the end of the day. 2. See that food counts, sign-in/sign-out, and attendance reports are kept accurately. 3. See that meals (breakfast, lunch and PM snacks are prepared and recorded in compliance with CCFP. 4. Be knowledgeable about licensing and safety regulations and see that the classroom is in compliance. 5. Know emergency procedures and be prepared to take responsibility for carrying them out (Fire drills, earthquake, CPR, first aid). 6. Adhere to and participate in evaluation of the center using the Desired Results, ITERS or NAEYC standards. 7. Attend all staff meetings, including evening meetings if applicable. 8. See that the Site Director is informed when supplies are needed to carry out activities 9. Conduct and complete monthly Safety Checklist when requested 10. Follow all policies and procedures for handling confidential documentation and information. 11. Timely and accurate submission of all reimbursements for expenses to Supervisor. 12. Timely and accurate submission of time records to Supervisor. 13. Other duties as assigned by supervisor.  LIMITS OF AUTHORITY: This position works under the direction of the Site Director and must consult with the Site Director to change classroom daily schedule; discuss a serious problem with a parent; change in work schedule (i.e. assigned hours, lunch, breaks, etc.); changes to the Program Curriculum, prior to leaving the building, any accidents or concerns about the children, parents or other staff members.  PERSONAL: 1. Prior to employment obtain a medical health clearance and maintain clearance as required. 2. Prior to first day of employment, verification of a negative TB test and maintain verification as required. 3. Hold, obtain and maintain CPR and First Aid Certification. Initial certification must be obtained within first 30 days of employment. 4. Prior to first day of employment, submit transcripts. 5. Prior to first day of employment must have fingerprint clearance and maintain clearance. 6. Driving the organization's car on Family Service business requires an appropriate level of personal insurance and must be cleared to drive through Peninsula Family Service's insurance carrier. (HR will identify appropriate level of insurance and will clear driver through Peninsula Family Service insurance carrier.) 7. If required to do home visits, must possess and maintain a California Driver's License. 8. If required, must be to conduct home visits in the parent's home 9. Continue to acquire knowledge about EHS and early childhood development by attending classes, workshops, or reading. Trainings may be conducted throughout the State and Nationally. 10. Be physically, mentally and occupationally capable of performing the following actions without endangering one's own health: Reach a child 25 feet away within 10 seconds or less Hear a child call for help from at least 50 feet away Comprehend and react to dangerous situations involving children without hesitation Crouch to a child's height and maintain eye contact Reach children on the highest piece of play equipment Lift a minimum of 40 pounds Sit on the floor and/or low chair and interact with children for an extended period.  APPLICATION PROCESS: If you meet the qualifications, please submit a resume and cover letter of interest, and include this job number in your cover letter or email subject line/body: SMO.CDE-081.  Peninsula Family Service is an Equal Opportunity Employer. For more information about us, please visit our website at: www.example.com.






1-year-experience-needed bs-degree-needed