Planned Parenthood is the nation’s oldest and largest provider of family planning services. Our mission is to provide voluntary family planning services and education that enhance personal and social understanding of human sexuality. We advocate public policies that guarantee reproductive rights and access to health care. And, we support and encourage advances in reproductive technology.    Our mission is to ensure that every child is a wanted child and to protect reproductive health by providing comprehensive, medically-accurate sex education and quality health care, while advocating for the reproductive rights of women, men and families.    The Clinic Associate is a member of the healthcare team and assists the clinicians in providing the highest level of care and service to clients. The Clinic Associate performs a wide array of duties related to patient intake, cashiering, checking patients out, backroom support, clinic operations and customer service dependent on the type of location they are assigned to, staffing levels, and what is deemed by permissible by regulatory agencies. Additionally, the full scope of duties will depend on the clinics service offerings. She/he is responsible for delivering clinical, educational and administrative services under the direction of the Manager in accordance with PPSE Medical Standards and Guidelines as well as State and Federal Regulations. General Duties Ensures compliance with front office procedures; Assists in setting up and * closing down the reception area; Assures lobby is neat and orderly throughout the day; Assures all areas are secure and locked at closing. Patient Intake Greets/welcomes all clients with a smile. Keeps clients apprised of delays * or extended wait times. Patient check-in/ registration, income and insurance verification, data * entry via eMEDSY, chart preparation with appropriate forms and service codes, client flow and advising patients on how to complete forms. Cashiering and/or /Patient Check out Enters client charges and payments into eMedsys system and generate * customer receipts.Processes payment via cash, check, or credit/debit card. Validates debit/credit cards. Ensures client account is Runs daily cashier reports and balance sheets from clinic computer system, * counts the cash drawer contents, balances daysheets, and prepares bank deposits daily. Checks-out clients in a professional and pleasant * manner. Counseling Provides client counseling for pregnancy test and * options, HIV (pre and post test), birth control methods education and first pelvic exam education in compliance with counseling guidelines. Explains * medical tests and procedures and obtain informed consent as needed. Allows client to explore feelings and ask questions regarding findings and decisions while demonstrating empathy and being non-judgmental. Completes necessary * forms and counseling notes. Provides referral information as needed.   •Client Prep Prepares exam rooms including setting up the rooms up properly before * clinic begins and proper breaking down and cleaning of exam rooms at the end of clinic. Reviews medical history forms with client and assists with obtaining * patient history, exam related information and education. Completes required forms (pap and lab consent, exam, supply and route ticket). Prepares client for exam to include instructing client to undress according * to the type of visit, putting chart in pocket outside of door, and assists in the exam room as needed. Lab Obtains patient vitals (height, weight and blood pressure). Prepares and * performs lab tests & requisitions for clinician. Lab testing may include urine for pregnancy and/or leukocytes, nitrites, protein and glucose; blood for hemoglobin; HIV quick tests. Documents lab results in charts and lab log. * Keeps lab clean and stocked. * Perform other duties as assigned. Position Requirements Education:  •Associates Degree, preferably in health care, social services or related field or equivalency (Certification from an accredited Medical Assistant or Surgical Technician program and 3+ years of relevant experience) Experience:  •2+ years health care experience preferably family planning, women’s health, reproductive health or a surgical center. Experience with insurance, , medical coding and a solid combination of front and back office work. Skills:  •Excellent communication, interpersonal, and counseling skills.  •Good computer skills, including practice management software, MS office and internet/email.  •Ability to handle stress in a calm and professional manner, gracefully manage multiple projects and to meet multiple deadlines and work independently and as part of a team.  •Attention to details and follow through on assigned projects essential. Physical demands: Ability to lift 50 pounds. Languages spoken: English required, some Spanish speaking skills is a desired. PPSE does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age sexual orientation, disability, income, marital status, or any other dimension of diversity  No phone calls please. Qualified candidates submit your resume, cover letter and salary requirements     PPSE is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, region, sex, national origin, age, sexual orientation, disability, income, marital status, or any other dimension of diversity  






associate-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed