*Description* As one of the largest privately held firms in America, Yale Enforcement Services is dedicated to providing our clients with the leading physical security, life safety and remote video intrusion detection solutions. Our security, technology and managed services capabilities afford immediate solutions for today's fast-paced business environment. Our goal is to provide reliable managed services that propel customer success thus allowing you to do what you do best - concentrate on your primary core business.   *Security Officer Basic Qualifications*   · Must be at least 18 years of age or older as required by applicable law or contractual requirements.  · Must have a high school diploma or GED, or at least 10 years of verifiable employment history.  · At least one verifiable employer.  · No criminal convictions as specified under Yale Enforcement guidelines.  · Ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing for the purpose of public interaction and report writing.  · Authorized to work in the United States.  · Ability to perform essential functions of the position with or without reasonable accommodation.  · Negative result on pre-employment drug screen.  · Ability to maintain satisfactory attendance and punctuality standard.  · Neat and professional appearance.  · Friendly and professional demeanor.  · Ability to providing quality customer service.  · Ability to handle typical and crisis situations efficiently and effectively at client site.  *JOB REQUIREMENTS*  *A Yale Enforcement Security Officer must have:* · Valid driver’s license and a clean driving record are a must . State Security Licensure ( Unarmed/Armed – if applicable to the State Security Licensure Requirements ) · Comes to work; is on time and completes shift assignments (including overtime, if assigned).  · Has a neat, professional appearance and comes to work in complete and clean assigned uniform.  · Has a friendly and professional demeanor and provides quality customer service.  · Is a good communicator (both verbal and written) and is capable of handling typical and crisis situations both efficiently and effectively.  · Understands and successfully executes his/her post orders including enforcement of client and company policies, rules and regulations.   *Benefits:*  Yale Enforcement Services, Inc. is committed to being the employer of choice in the security industry. We offer a vast array of industry-best benefits so we can attract and retain the finest people. Our benefits include:  • Supplemental Health Insurance  • Supplemental Dental Insurance  • Monthly Bonus Incentives  • Paid Vacations  • Paid Holidays  • Equipment and Uniforms Provided  • Direct Deposit  *Job Requirements and Information* 8 and 12 hours shift which may involve standing , Perc card a must but will process you for it if necessary ,   must pass drug and background checks. Entry level positions available for Chicago , Elwood ,Joliet, Carol stream and Des Plaines locations. Dental and medical insurance available . Great pay.






