$135K - $165K + bonus   Must Have: CPA, GOOD TECH SKILLS, STRONG EXCEL, WORK With MARGINAL SYSTEMS  Position Summary: This position reports directly to the Vice President of Finance and will be responsible for managing and overseeing all facets of our accounting operations, including establishing financial policies, procedures, controls, and reporting systems. Position Responsibilities: • Manage a team of 20+ accounting professionals with two direct reports, Assistant Controller and Credit & Collections Manager. • Analyze monthly, quarterly and annual financial reporting. o Review changes in monthly balances and report on variance analysis. o Analyze monthly projections. o Prepare and analyze key performance indicators and Executive Team dashboard reporting. o Analyze monthly departmental financial statements and address inquiries made by department heads. o Manage the annual budget process. • Work with Assistant Controller to manage the month end close and ensure that all monthly, quarterly and annual deadlines are met. • Identify process issues that lead to improper transactions in the general ledger.  Work with department heads as necessary to improve key internal controls and ensure that we are following best practices. • Provide GAAP guidance to accounting staff and department heads as necessary. • Review and analyze general ledger account reconciliations. • Utilize BI Tool to streamline financial reporting and build new financial reporting (i.e. cashflow forecast, cashflow statement, summary of major expenses, etc.) • Provide support to both AR and AP departments as needed and ensure that staff are at operational efficiency. • Liaise with the bank and CPA firm on all major bank and accounting issues. • Work with IT department to automate various manual processes required as a result of current ERP system. • Manage the cash flows of the operations. • Assist in the year end Review and prepare supporting schedules as needed. • Ensure that all government and tax compliance are met.  • Assist VP of Finance with various special accounting projects as needed.  Position Requirements: • Bachelor's degree from a four-year accredited college or university in a major related to accounting. • At least 7 years work experience as a Controller at a company with minimum revenues of $200M.   • Experience in manufacturing and/or distribution industries preferred.  • At least 3 years work experience in public accounting at a national firm. • Experience in manufacturing and/or distribution industries preferred.  • Excellent GAAP knowledge and ability to teach accounting concepts to non-accountants. • CPA license.  If inactive, must convert to active within 2 years of employment. • Excellent GAAP knowledge. • Able to teach accounting concepts to non-accountants.






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed salary