We are looking for Data warehouse Engineer in Newark, NJ for our client.   Designation- Data warehouse Engineer Location: Newark, NJ  Duration- 12+ Months MOI- Telephonic followed by Skype or In person   Job Description- Lead, participate in gathering business requirements, analysis of source systems, define underlying data sources and transformation requirements, design suitable data model, and develop metadata for the Data Warehouse/Analytical Reporting. Architect and design elegant OBIEE solutions for business needs. This is a highly technical role requiring critical thinking, hands on development, and attention to detail from analysis through implementation and post-production QA/oncall. Provide technical/user documentation and training; perform peer reviews of work items produced at various stages of the project. Effectively communicate with various teams and stakeholders, escalate technical and managerial issues at the right time and resolve conflicts. Demonstrate passion for quality and productivity by use of efficient development techniques, standards and guidelines. Analyze and determine the impact of technology capabilities and limitations, translate high level design to detailed design specifications, develop, test and deploy code/application in various environments. Perform effort estimation for various Data Warehouse activities; meet project deliverables as per requirements, on time within budgets.  Basic Qualifications- Strong Computer science background required. A Bachelor’s degree or higher in computer science is required with a minimum of 5+ years of industry experience. 4+ years in working with large data sets and analyzing data to identify patterns. 5+ years in data warehousing projects with at least 4 years of full life cycle experience in implementation and support of DW Solutions on Oracle Platform. Experience of multiple end-to-end OBI projects in solution design and development roles.? Experience of designing dashboards, reports, scorecards in OBIEE 11g as per user requirements. Must have extensive knowledge in ETL, Oracle 9i/10g/11g and SQL & PL/SQL. Must have extensive knowledge in Data warehouse designing techniques like Star Schema/Snowflake. Extensive design and coding skills in Perl, shell script, XML on Unix Platforms. Knowledge of tuning and scaling in a Data warehouse environment is highly desired.  Preferred Qualifications- Should have very good technical expertise and strong business skills, as he/she will lead the team in delivering Business Intelligence solutions. Must be aware of testing process and DW implementation methodologies. Knowledge of Hyperion, Tableau, Qlikview, etc will be an added advantage. Strong customer focus, ownership, urgency and drive. Excellent communication skills and the ability to work well in a team. Effective analytical, troubleshooting and problem-solving skills. Experience in Erwin Data modeling and Data Quality tool.






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed