General Purpose:   The Front Office Supervisor is primarily responsible for ensuring that all guest interactions by Front Desk, PBX and Service Express staffs are carried out in a professional, courteous, and accurate manner.  The candidate will be responsible for the efficient and effective communication of essential information to Front Desk, Valet/Transportation, Concierge and Service Express staff, as well as other duties as assigned by Front Office Manager and/or General Manager. Candidate must be able to perform all duties of guest service agent, PBX, and service express to brand standards and beyond.  Essential Duties/Responsibilities • Effectively supervise all Front Office personnel in a professional manner. • Resolve customer complaints, lead recovery of guest service shortfalls, and take any steps necessary to ensure guest satisfaction  • Be a positive role model and Westin Brand Champion for Front Office staff. • Effectively communicate essential Front Office information to Front Office Staff, Front Office Manager, General Manager and other departments as necessary. • Train, and re-train as necessary, members of the Front Office staff to consistently perform to both property and brand standards • Perform duties of Front Desk Agent to standard, including: o Efficient and friendly check in and out of guests of the Westin Poinsett while maintaining AAA Four-Diamond and Starwood brand standards  o Act as the hotel’s central source of information, providing it to inquiring guests.  This knowledge must extend from hotel statistics to local attractions and directions.  One must have a general knowledge of the City of Greenville and surrounding areas. o Perform duties in accordance with hotel credit and cash handling procedures  Other Duties/Responsibilities • Supporting all of the guest services team, and maintaining a working relationship with all departments on the hotel. • Report all safety hazards and suspicious person or activities to Engineering/Security • Know all safety and emergency procedures and your role in assisting during these times • Adhere to strict department and hotel attendance policies  Job Qualifications: To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.  The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  Knowledge/Experience: • Supervisory experience at a full-service hotel property is preferred.   • Experience at Starwood property, and knowledge of GEI, LRA, SPG Benefits preferred. • Knowledge of Galaxy and Lightspeed property management systems is preferred, and technical proficiency in Microsoft applications is required.   • Previous customer service experience in a high volume setting is also preferred, with the ability to problem solve, and provide exceptional service. • Knowledge of hotel front office accounting procedures required. Night Audit experience preferred.  Skills: • Strong hospitality skills required; an ability to make a lasting, positive impact on guests. • Excellent Communication skills- both verbal and written required • Must possess courage and confidence to manage difficult situations effectively. • Excellent organization and time management skills • Advanced coaching and mentoring skills required • Basic mathematical skills required • Must have a perceptive attention to detail  Abilities: • Ability to provide a well-groomed, well-dressed presentation required. • Ability to perform duties in an ethical, honest and trustworthy manner required. • The ability to work well as a team as well as individually at times • Ability to multi-task in a high-paced environment • Ability to read, speak, write, and understand English • Must be adaptable and flexible to change • Ability to work a flexible schedule and be able to work weekends and holidays • Ability o remain calm and professional at all times • Be able to make quick decisions and possess good judgment. • Ability to lift over 50 pounds. • Ability to stand for up to eight hours at a time required. • Must have valid driver’s license and good driving record.  Education or Formal Training: • High school diploma, GED, or the equivalent previous work experience required. College degree preferred.






supervising-job