Terms of engagement: Contract basis initially, with opportunity for long-term employment.  Duties and Responsibilities: We are looking for a person who understands how distributors price their products to their customers. Your job will be to be to learn our pricing system, set up training regimens, then educate our users in how to use all aspects of the system.  Office Location: North Dallas area, near Frankford and the Tollway  We are an enterprise software manufacturer in the field of Gross Profit Optimization. Users of our system are primarily distributors in any industry.  Our system consists of a full suite of products managing all aspects of product data that have any impact on product costs or sell prices.  We are looking for a very talented, creative individual with several years’ experience in the pricing department of a distribution company, or who is a graduate of a program similar to Texas A & M’s School of Industrial Distribution (even with limited job experience).  If you are that person, you: •Have an extensive understanding of manufacturers’ pricing and incentive programs with their distributors •Have an extensive understanding of how distributors set prices for their products on a product, customer,  or grouping basis •Don’t have to be explained how SPA’s or MCB’s work •Are an excellent communicator •Are a good teacher •Enjoy working with people and teaching them how to perform more efficiently and effectively •Are a self-motivated, goal-driven problem-solver. •as well as a team collaborator and contributor. •Are comfortable working in small company mode with strong desires and resources for fast growth •Enjoy working with software systems and generally find them intuitive to use •Know how to take concepts and put them into a software platform to build your training resources. •Feel very comfortable using Microsoft Word, Access, and Powerpoint, as well as other tools that can be used in training •Open to travel when necessary. However, most training is done on line with the customer, and travel is not required very often.






licence-needed