Our Company DrFuhrman.com provides vital scientific information, engaging events and premium nutritional products to educate and support our customers in reversing and preventing disease through nutrition and natural methods. Our founder and president, Joel Fuhrman M.D., is a board certified family physician who specializes in nutritional medicine and a #1 New York Times best-selling author. He has devoted his life to understanding the effects of nutrition on the health of the body and mind and has helped thousands of people to overcome disease (i.e. lupus, diabetes, heart disease, rheumatoid arthritis, etc), lose weight, feel healthier overall and live longer.    Our Opportunity We are seeking a creative and technical graphic designer to work on a variety of web and print projects. Candidate must be able to communicate effectively and creatively (visually, verbally, and in writing) and demonstrate a strong knowledge of print production, as well as current web design trends and techniques. Powerpoint presentation design and video editing skills a plus.    Our Requirements • A minimum of 3 years design work experience • An Associates or Bachelor’s degree in Graphic Design or related field • Able to handle multiple projects under tight deadlines and to work in a fast-paced environment with high productivity standards. • Proficient in all major desktop publishing software (Macintosh) including: Quark, In-Design, Photoshop, Illustrator, Adobe Acrobat, and Dreamweaver.  • Exhibit strong visual and technical problem-solving skills • Work effectively in a small team environment • Possess strong conceptual and aesthetic abilities  This is a full-time, in-house position located in Flemington, NJ.  We offer no relocation assistance.  For consideration, please submit a design portfolio or link to portfolio along with resume and cover letter with salary requirements.  Third party vendors and freelancers need not apply.






2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job associate-needed