At Welcome Wagon we appreciate top sales professionals who possess talent, integrity and a strong work ethic.    Welcome Wagon has spent the last 85 years welcoming families into their new homes and partnering with local businesses to help them reach their goals.  Because of the phenomenal growth we're experiencing, we have immediate openings for sales representatives.  If you are interested in working for a sales driven industry leader, with the opportunity to work a flexible schedule, a sales position with Welcome Wagon may be just what you're looking for!  Our Community Marketing Executives enjoy: • Commission Driven Compensation Designed to Reward Sales • Comprehensive Training • Local, Protected and Defined Territory • Your Own Home Based Office • Mileage And Expense Reimbursement • Medical, Dental & Vision Benefit Packages • 401(k) Retirement Plan • Corporate Support • W-2 Employee Benefits  What do we ask in return? Commitment. Our ideal candidate combines strong sales skills with a self motivated drive to excel. In particular, they have outstanding time management skills, along with a genuine desire to develop strong, successful business relationships.  Our standards are high, but the rewards are great! If you have the motivation and skills we're looking for, we'd like the chance to tell you more.   Qualifications: • Experience in the advertising and/or marketing industries is a plus. • Outside sales experience preferred, but is not required. • Strong relationship building skills and entrepreneurial drive is a must! • The successful candidate must have exceptional presentation and communication skills, the ability to organize, plan, report effectively, and master all aspects of our solutions and products. • Must be computer literate; for Sales Training, email correspondence and marketing needs. • All employment offers are contingent upon receipt of satisfactory references, motor vehicle reports (as determined by Welcome Wagon’s Human Resources Department), and demonstration of your legal right to work in the United States.    An Ideal Candidate May Have Previously Been: • Account Executive • Outside Sales Representative • Stay at Home Mom / PTA / Board Member • Advertising Sales Rep • Commission Based Sales Rep






