If you’ve been looking for a great work-from-home opportunity that combines excellent earning potential with the Full-Time schedule flexibility you need, look no further! Welcome Wagon has openings for enthusiastic and eager Sales Representatives! We are a national marketing company that welcomes families to their new homes by providing them with introductions to local businesses, professionals and services that we know will benefit them as they settle into their new home. As a Sales Representative, you will sell consultative advertising and marketing programs for our flagship product, the Welcome Wagon Gift Book and other related products.  Our comprehensive training will show you how to gain new business; all while working out of your own home. This allows you to set your own schedule for the telephone and in-person client meetings you will need to hold in order to meet your sales goals. If you are ready to earn a great income through our uncapped commission plan, we want to talk with you!  Here’s some of what we have to offer:  • Unlimited income potential! • Ability to work from your home office • Draw/generous uncapped commissions • All commissions paid up front • Bonus incentives • Medical and dental insurance • 401(k) • A defined protected territory • Travel reimbursement (mileage, tolls, parking) • Comprehensive training • Full sales support provided • Training and Marketing materials provided  Job Responsibilities You will be responsible for introducing local business owners to Welcome Wagon’s time tested marketing products, including personalized Welcome Wagon Gift Books, pinpoint postcards and online advertising programs, all within a protected territory.  Your specific duties will include:  • Developing and operating a profitable territory through telephone contact, email correspondence, and in-person meetings. • Using a professional sales approach to gain business  • Meeting and exceeding established performance goals You must be motivated and outgoing with an entrepreneurial outlook and the ability to build strong relationships with a wide range of clients. You must also be highly organized and eager to learn about all aspects of our line of products and solutions.  Specific qualifications for the role include:  • Exceptional presentation and communication skills • Outside Sales Experience preferred, but not required • Experience in the advertising and/or marketing industries a plus • Strong documentation, reporting and planning skills • Computer proficiency • Home office that includes a reliable computer, email access, printer, fax/ scanner and telephone • Satisfactory references and background check  Ideal candidates for this position come from a variety of backgrounds, particularly:  • Account Executive  • Outside Sales Representative  • Stay at Home Mom / PTA / Board Member  • Advertising Sales Rep  • Commission-Based Sales Rep  Physical Requirements • Extended periods of standing or sitting • Ability to transport a briefcase with marketing materials less than 10 lbs   • Constant movement required to visit several clients for appointments at various locations during a full-time work day  • Frequent operation of computer related equipment, including but not limited to: keyboards, printers, and/or scanners  • Ability to recognize and safely avoid hazardous situations on the road while operating a motor vehicle     This job description reflects management’s assignment of essential functions; subject to change at any time.  Welcome Wagon is an Equal Opportunity Employer and we are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. EEO/M/F/D/V






full-time-job