New Home Star, one of the country's fastest growing sales and marketing companies is looking for the best and most talented new home sales individuals to represent one of our communities.  We are a cutting-edge sales and marketing company whose average new home sales associate is everything other than \"average\". Our average sales associate loves their job, loves their work, loves their manager, and earns significantly in excess of \"average\".  We partner with builders who place a high value on your sales talent and get you paid for it. Our full-time sales associates are our company's greatest asset and we reward accordingly. Along with excellent compensation and benefits, we offer industry-leading sales training and provide personal development plans that lead to career advancement opportunities.  We have on-site builder sales positions available right now!  Whether you are a seasoned new home sales professional, or you are right out of college and not satisfied with the path you've chosen, this may the opportunity you have been searching for. Compensation, Culture, and Career Advancement - You *can* have it all! Requirements:  * We are seeking driven, polished professionals. * Each employee must be willing to obtain a Real Estate License within a reasonable specified time. * A 4-year college degree is desired but not required. * Demonstrate your attention to detail by including the word \"Star\" in the subject of your email. * We are looking for the best and that doesn't always show on paper, so we are willing to listen. * Basic computer skills and proficiency with the Internet is a must.  If this sounds like you, then please submit a cover letter and resume. Only candidate that include a cover letter describing why they would make an awesome Sales Associate will be considered.   This could be the new start you have been looking for!   Location: Ormond Beach, Florida Compensation: Draw/Salary + Commission (Average 2012 income was $85K)






licence-needed salary