Welcome Our company is looking to put together an atmosphere where you can bring together a group of coach's/consultants to help our clients excel in certain phases of their lives in order to move forward to be a more productive and responsible individual in society.  The person we are looking to hire in each area will have the ability to work together with us in a format to achieve the best possible results in an open environment between the coaches and management. We are entrepreneurs at heart with the ability to work with people to inspire us to service our clients in a positive atmosphere which will benefit everyone.   I believe that the environment in a business should be one to enjoy where we can make it fun helping people, yourself included. Our company has a place where we have affordable classes where individuals have specialized attention and  learn and study from our coaches or professional's in their fields.  We strive to service our clients in the best instruction under the most positive atmosphere. My personal philosophy is to make sure all parties enjoy the experience including the instructors/coaches.  Together we can organize and grow to make something very special!!!.\\ My past experience has given me the ability to understand what it takes to commit to this adventure, when I did this in the past it was 6 retail stores for men's apparel.  We created a distribution center and organized it with $500.00 and within a short period turned it into $5,000,000 in sales. You will be a person who has a class of up to 20 individuals working in your expertise in this particular area, I understand you would like to help in all area's of life, still I am looking for specific person who loves what they do in that part of there lives.  recently we have people who would like to teach individuals about diabetes to prevent as well as maintain health choices in regards to solutions in that field, she is passionate about it, with that passion she will excel in her field.  I appreciate also people who tell me about themselves in a cover page on why they would like to help in that particular field.    In addition if there is a specific field you believe that you have an expertise, and you would like a place where you can educate our company would love to hear your idea, and why you would like to do it.  Our facility has a training room with 20 seats so we can open up different solutions for ideas which are not listed below.  Our company is fully opening up in regards to solutions for everyone.  These are the areas that our Company will be hiring people from: 1.Fitness Coach/Consultant- Your responsibility will be to get our clients thinking about solutions to commit to and  finally getting the results they are looking for in their personal lives.  When you join a gym you never hear from anyone after you join, it's our job to be different. 2.Health Coach/Consultant-Your responsibility will be in regards to diet and nutrition. Helping people  making the right choices with regard to eating the right foods .   3.Career Coach/Consultant-Your responsibility is to coach individuals into making the right career choices and plans for the future concerning employment or starting/maintaining a business 4.Wealth Advisor/Financial Coach/Consultant-Your responsibility will be to  find solutions on either creating wealth or managing it for our individuals.  We want our clients to have the ability to live with their head up and give  them  the ability to balance  fitness, health and living. 5.Relationship Coach/Consultant/--Your responsibility is to help individuals with a proper attitude to help them in their personal relationships.  With each individual  we can resolve issues with communication. It takes all parties who would like to have an understanding that things can change if we identify and resolve the issues.  We need individuals who have  the patience & energy to accomplish  these results.  6.Relationship coach/consultant-within ourselves building up our spirits.  7.spiritual Coach/consultant-appreciation/faith with this everything is possible   8.business coach-list options for success, I can do this but my job will be to inspire everyone   here is what's going to happen we are going to create a great team who can work together for people who need help & encouragement, we can monitor our results see what's working, see what's not then improve with this formula everyone wins.  Sounds good?  Well apply let’s get busy for this wonderful  coming year Revenue will be split 50/50 from clients who attend class, our company will be responsible for advertisement, location, other miscellaneous items that occur in business. Thank you Robert






