Hi  I am about to do something in regards to business management that can make a difference in helping small, medium, also large company's, and or corporation's. This is a task I believe can be accomplish with team work, starting from the top. I at this present time do not have the experience of being in the corporate world, but the person who decides to be part of a team will.  My experience was the school of hard knocks, which has made me the person I am today.  This also inspires me to make a difference in many businesses, which we will accomplish.  The CEO will be involved because he will be working as a part owner, as a business partner.  As for now we can find solutions which fit what our company will need by discussing it. I have a clear idea what I would like, still open to learn. Remember open for an option, of course it must make sense.  here is the qualifications that I am looking for: Works with clients to increase business productivity, while we also work with our customers to give them strong customer satisfaction, also working with  our staff to show they are important during this process.  we have an open communication which helps us improve.  everyone is important. corporate management experience would be a requirement, experience in strategic management, planning, operations management, sales, marketing, and product development. great communication skills. here is my take on your job, if you cannot do something as long as you communicate that with the person who can, then we acknowledge them, we appreciate them.  together we come up with a plan for the additional staff we would need, I will gladly show you what we can do, we can then decide on compensation.   This is a new start up, so be patient I will share what I would like then if we can work together with similar thoughts then we should be a great match.  that does not mean we not have different opinions , we just enjoy the process of resolving them. Here is my thought in regards to your position you have an opportunity to ownership if you care to invest in our company, though this is never a requirement. You can have ownership if you bring us some clients, which will start our company moving forward in the right direction, once you understand my position in regards to how our clients will be treated I will make sure we service our clients with professionalism. have a great day Robert






