Part time RN, LPN or Social Workers needed to do Care Management work as a Care Manager (CM) for long term clients at their place of residence.   *Job Description*  The work consists of weekly in-person Care Management visits with the client, coordination with PCP and telephonic contact to ensure adherence to treatment plan. Also must be available to answer questions that the client may have between visits. During the visit CM will gather information and educate the patient on his or her disease management, medication administration, and home safety in order to the client remain safely at home. CM will assist patient and/or family member to connect with other needed resources such as meals, transportation to PCP, and insuring that all prescribed medications are in the home. At all times the Director of Clinical Operations (DCO) is available as a resource to CM.  *Requirements*  * Must have at least 1 year verifiable experience as a RN, LPN or Social Worker * Must have an active professional license in your state.  * Must have a good driving record, auto insurance, a reliable vehicle * Must have internet access for visit and assessment logging * Must be a dependable person * The applicant must not have Disciplinary Actions, or actions pending, against their professional license, past or present, or in any state, or be listed in the List of Excluded Individuals/Entities Search.   *Responsibilities*  The RN, LPN or Social Worker will also be required to enter all assessment and visit information into the online system within 24 hours of the visit. Upon hire and prior to the first visit, a short online training session and webinar will need to be completed. You will be required to visit the client once a week, 4 times a month on going. The visit schedules are up to the Care Manager and client to work out. This can be any time and any day.  *Benefits* * The RN, LPN or Social Worker will be paid a competitive flat rate per visit * We offer deeply discounted and pre-taxed health insurance plans that are employee paid * We have clients all over the state, so if the employee wants to travel outside their assigned area they can take on as many clients as they can comfortably handle on a weekly basis.






licence-needed 1-year-experience-needed part-time-job