FWD.us, the advocacy group founded by Mark Zuckerberg, Bill Gates, Reid Hoffman and others in the tech and entrepreneurial community, is looking for a Social Media Coordinator to develop and implement FWD.us' social media content on Facebook, Twitter, and other networks.  The ideal applicant will have a passion for digital advocacy, the technology community, and immigration policy. Applicants should have professional social media managing experience.  Responsibilities include:  * Develop social media strategies for established and emerging platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Tumblr, Instagram, and more. * Research, pitch and produce shareable content for a social media audience. Tailor and package content for different platforms. * Write and edit blog, email, and website copy. * Track and measure data to optimize social media strategies and drive advocacy. * Coach organization stakeholders on social media best practices. * Help prepare various digital rapid response elements. * Attend and amplify local FWD.us events.  What we're looking for:  * Professional with an unrelenting passion for social media, technology and politics. * Previous experience working with social media in a professional setting. * Metrics-driven, numbers-oriented, and enjoy quantitative results. * Active presence on multiple social media platforms, and portfolio of previous social media work (please send links) * Excellent writing skills and impeccable attention to detail * Comfortable working in a fast-paced environment and able to multi-task without sacrificing quality of work. * Creative and strategic thinker not afraid to share ideas! * Experience with graphic design, Microsoft Excel, and social analytics tools required. * Personable, positive, and committed to working for an amazing cause.  ------  FWD.us prohibits discrimination of employment, promotion, compensation, terms, conditions, or privileges of employment on the basis of gender, disability, race, age, national origin, color, creed, sexual orientation, sex (including marital and parental status), gender identity and expression, religion, economic status, ethnic identity, veteran's status, or any other basis prohibited by applicable law. This policy covers all programs, services, policies, and procedures of FWD.us, including opportunity for employment and treatment as a FWD.us employee, as well as opportunities for Consultants to contract with FWD.us. FWD.us is an equal opportunity employer and will comply with all applicable laws prohibiting discrimination in employment. FWD.us will not tolerate any unlawful discrimination and any such conduct is strictly prohibited.  FWD.us is committed to diversity among its staff, and recognizes that its continued success requires the highest commitment to obtaining and retaining a diverse staff that provides the best quality services to supporters and constituents.






