Select Communications is seeking qualified technicians for installation and service of commercial electronics. A Field Service Technician is needed to support operations in and around Chattanooga, Tennessee.  Commercial electronics include facility wide audio systems, flat screen televisions, digital signage, intercom systems, CCTV, Drive Thru Systems and more. Technicians will be responsible for installation and service in retail outlets, restaurants and other similar businesses.  The ideal candidate will have a working knowledge of professional audio equipment as well as experience working with audio/video components, installation and wiring of twisted pair, coax and CAT-5 cabling.  Acceptable experience that will be considered include installation of pro audio equipment, car audio, home theater, CCTV, telecommunications systems, fire alarms, residential cable and/or satellite systems. Additional experience will be considered on a case by case basis.  Technicians must be able to represent the company in a professional manner and possess great problem solving skills.  Example of normal service requirements: Troubleshooting equipment onsite. This requires the ability to problem solve by identifying what equipment is working properly in order to determine the actual problem; this is what many technicians call “reverse engineering.” Service tickets will include everything from a client losing all audio or video feed, speakers not working properly, equipment not turning on etc.  Example of normal installation requirements: Running and pulling all cable according to building plans. Properly securing cables in a neat and orderly manner. Installation and wiring of any speakers, volume controls, amplifiers or other audio components. Installation of video screens or digital signage as well as installation of other video components.  Technicians will occasionally be required to work from a ladder or scissor lift.  We are looking for individuals who will pay attention to detail and work efficiently under minimal supervision.  This position will start at $15 an hour with a guaranteed pay increase after 90 days however employees with high levels of experience will be compensated accordingly.  During the first 90 days and due to the nature of this position the Company will not be able to guarantee 40 hours or more each week. Schedules will be determined based on the installation, service and repair needs of our customers however the Company strives to provide all trained Field Technicians with a full-time schedule. Current Field Technicians are consistently working over 40 hours each week.  Potential candidates must have a valid driver’s license and dependable transportation suitable for carrying a small tool bag and 4 foot ladder to be provided by the company. Most vehicles, including smaller cars, will accommodate. Vehicle reimbursement will be provided.  If this position interests you and you are qualified please send us your updated resume. We will contact you directly if we would like to schedule a follow-up phone interview.






hourly-wage