*Staff Interpreter, Bilingual Professionals with Medical Terminology!*   Language World Services, Inc. Are you looking for a rewarding, purpose-filled opportunity to serve your community? Do you enjoy a flexible schedule? If so, Language World Services Inc. may be the right fit for you!   *Brief Summary of Position:* Hmong speaking professionals with Medical Terminology. As a valued member of our professional team of interpreters you will have the opportunity to render on-site interpreting services for California’s leading healthcare providers along with social services agencies and other organizations in a variety of situations. Along with the rewards of serving Non-English Speaking Communities you will have professional development opportunities as you participate in our industry-leading training programs.  *Summary of duties include, but are not limited to:* * Under the supervision of an assigned Interpreter Supervisor, the Interpreter will provide accurate, clear, and speedy in-person interpreting services with complete fidelity to the spirit of the original communication in a variety of settings, Assist clients in completing necessary forms, histories, and other documents, provide sight translation of complex documentation into the target language if required by our clients. * Exhibit and maintain professional and ethical behavior at all times * Provide stellar customer service to customers * Work effectively with minimal supervision * Operate a computer and peripherals with minimal assistance * Complete required paperwork and data entry in a timely fashion  *Requirements/Qualifications:* * Excellent communication skills and fluency in English and the target language. * Willingness to work part time flexible/on-call hours during regular business hours (Monday-Friday, 8:00 am to 5:00 pm) * Ability to travel to various work on-site at locations throughout the Bay Area, CA Region. * Medical Interpreter Certification desired via CCHI or the National Board. * Reliable personal transportation and valid CA driver’s license, along with proof of vehicle liability insurance/clean driving record or the ability to utilize an alternative method of transportation when needed to carry out job-related essential functions * Smart phone with Internet access, have an email address, ability to be reached on short notice. * Possess, or have the ability to obtain a current healthcare provider medical clearance. * Knowledge of anatomy, major body systems, and medical terminology in at least two languages preferred.  Applicants must successfully pass pre-employment drug and background screening.   *Compensation:* $32.00/hour. (1 Hour Minimum)  Additional Benefits: Mileage reimbursement of .54 cents per mile, travel compensation of $10.00 per hour, and cell phone, parking and toll reimbursement. We provide bi-weekly direct deposit plus and expense reimbursement within 30 days. Also, Staff Interpreters enjoy a health benefit discount program and entertainment perks! Language World Services, Inc. is Northern California’s largest foreign language service company offering professional interpreting and translation services in over 60 languages. Our talented team of professionally trained interpreters provides the vital linguistic and cultural link that public and private sector organizations need to communicate with their limited English proficient consumers.  Language World Services, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer.






hourly-wage