Job Purpose: Perform preventive maintenance and corrective maintenance work orders for clubs in an effort to minimize repair/replacement costs, decrease repair lead time, and deliver a superior club experience to our members through an innovative, standardized and financially disciplined approach to Facilities Management.  Job Requirements: 1. Perform Facilities Management walk through daily to proactively identify and resolve issues in a timely manner.  2. Communicate and update Facilities Management and Club leadership. Attend meetings and conference calls to share business priorities.  3. Partner with local Club Leadership to decrease impact to assets through education and influence of club team.  4. Ensure the interior and exterior of the club are clean and neat.  5. Review needs of club and make financial decisions based on needs related to repairs.  6. Prioritize and complete all assigned work following Standard Operating Procedures, including assigned projects; use District Facilities Manager to help prioritize and escalate, as necessary. 7. Achieve goals as outlined in KPI Performance Plans through Facility Technicians performance 8. Utilize Facilities Standards Reference Guide to ensure all assets and conditions meet standards.  9. Use all resources available, internal and external to proactively identify, follow up, escalate and resolve maintenance and repair opportunities.  10. Support all new and remodel Club activities.  11. Collaborate with vendors to drive results and resolve issues. Monitor vendor work to ensure quality and efficient service is provided.  12. Follow Facilities Management standard operating procedures for materials and tools purchasing.  13. Retain accurate records of all maintenance activities.  14. Assure that all company rules and processes for time recording and overtime are followed.  15. Respond to emergency events and support disaster recovery, when needed.  16. Ensure equipment standard operating procedures are followed.   Typical Day: Complete preventative and corrective work orders at clubs not limited to, lighting, electrical, plumbing, painting, carpentry, pool repairs, etc. Review with your District Facilities Manager the specific needs of clubs to assure critical tasks are prioritized based on needs. Travel to various clubs to complete tasks in a timely manner. Update Club Managers as to the status of repairs. Requirements: 1. HS diploma/GED 2. 1-2 years of experience of mechanical and building maintenance or education in electrical, mechanical, carpentry, HVAC, or plumbing. Position includes but not limited to performing maintenance or repairs in the following areas: Electrical maintenance, plumbing, pools, building interior and exterior.  3. Specialty experience in any of the following areas is a plus: Plumbing and pool maintenance/ repairs, HVAC filter changing, carpentry, power equipment/mechanical repair and basic equipment trouble-shooting.  4. Experience in working with and resolving issues with vendors and contractors.  5. Willing to travel to clubs to complete assignment or provide coverage to clubs. 6. Flexibility in scheduling to meet facility needs. 7. Ability to manage work load and prioritize tasks independently through time management skills. 8. Effective written and verbal commutation skills, able to communicate clearly and effectively in all situations. 9. Achieve Key Performance Indicators (KPI) based on needs, tasks completed, and collaboration with the District Facilities Manager. 10. Current CPR certification or ability to pass CPR certification within 60 days of hire date. 11. Proficient in MS Office and Internet  12. Ability to interact with Club members and staff in a friendly and professional manner.  13. Bilingual skills a plus 14. Ability to work, climb and descend from ladders, operate power equipment safely, and to lift equipment or items weighing 50 pounds or more.   Travel Requirements: Candidates selected for interviews will need to provide proof a current driver’s license, car registration, insurance, and current DMV printout. Personal vehicle is require, and travel reimbursement provided.  Candidates selected will undergo a background check to include drug testing






1-year-experience-needed