Are you looking to have an impact and make a lasting difference in your career and the environment?  Do you want a commission plan with unlimited earnings potential? Do you have the desire for growth, career advancement, and opportunity?  At Quench, it's only limited by your drive to succeed!  For over twenty years, Quench water coolers have had the environmental impact of planting almost 5 million trees and prevented millions of plastic jugs from entering landfills. And in just one year, Quench water coolers save enough fuel to drive a bottled water delivery truck around the globe 52 times. Quench is the greener solution!  Here’s a chance to be part of a dynamic Sales Team within a rapidly growing company.  Quench is the largest bottleless water cooler company in North America, serving approximately one-third of the Fortune 500.   We have grown by going the extra mile for our customers and offering cost-effective alternatives to the office bottled water cooler. Quench systems are designed to specifically purify your region's water, creating the best-filtered water dispenser on the market.   Quench is looking for energetic, hard working, and driven B2B Account Executive to join the team!  You have the opportunity to be a key contributor at our corporate office as an Inside Sales Account Executive.  The Account Executive will play a key role in driving Quench’s continued growth. This is a critically important role within our company, as the Account Executive is typically the first Sales contact with prospective customers.  The Account Executive will handle inbound phone and web leads, as well as outbound prospecting activities, to learn about a prospective customers needs, educate on Quench’s superior products, and propose the best solution.   The potential for growth, career advancement, and opportunity at Quench is only limited by your drive to succeed.  Responsibilities:  * Generate sales from inbound phone and web leads. * Proactively identifying prospective customers through outbound prospecting activities. * Work within a team-selling structure to close business and set appointments with your field-based sales partners. * Increase market penetration in assigned territory through new customer acquisition and creating relationships with existing customers. * Display a professional demeanor and deliver outstanding client support to contribute to the core values of Quench. * Achieve and exceeded all sales activity and revenue goals. * Forecast accurate sales each month.   Qualifications:  * Dynamic, high energy sales professional with successful experience * Strong drive to work hard, win, succeed, and go above and beyond expectations * Strong selling and negotiating skills; ability to overcome customer objections * Highly detail oriented with exceptional communications and follow-up skills * Solid team player with outstanding integrity * Ability to establish relationships with internal/external partners and customers * Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite; experience with Salesforce.com is a plus   Quench is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer






