South Bend IN. [North Indiana] Stones River Electric is a recognized industry leader in providing electrical, lighting and energy services across the United States.  We are a privately held company headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee with a mission to deliver quality installation and service to our clients by self-performing work at a local level.  More than just an electrical contractor, Stones River Electric is an innovator providing cutting edge lighting and electrical solutions.    We know this success comes from our culture which is built on a team of highly qualified electricians and lighting technicians.  Our employees are treated with the same respect and courtesy that we offer our customers.  At Stones River Electric, we are a team of professionals that people want to be a part of and work with.  Our employees are equipped with the knowledge, training and tools to be well skilled and deliver outstanding customer service.  They are cross-functional, multi-skilled and a self-directed group.  As a growing company, Stones River Electric is searching for permanent employees to be part of this team.  Contact us today, if you have these talents and are interested in knowing more about our open positions.    Service Technician   Job Description:  Responsible for the installation of lamps, ballasts, controls and other lighting components in various types of fixtures both interior and exterior. The ideal candidate will also be able to troubleshoot and repair electrical problems for retail and commercial customers. This person will be required to work indoors on ladders, or lifts as well as outdoors on a bucket truck to a height up to 45’. Applicant must be able to work under general supervision and complete assignments in a responsible and timely manner. Individual must also document work and related activities in a timely and accurate fashion. This position requires a person who can effectively manage his own time and communicate with our customers in an effective manner. Overnight travel may be required on a regular basis.  Please e-mail resume and contact information.  Requirements Qualifications & Physical Requirements:  • Must have a High School Diploma or equivalent • Minimum 2-3 years previous lighting/electrical experience required • Electrical licensing beneficial • Previous experience on a bucket truck is preferred, but not required • Should possess good organizational and communication skills   Vision: must meet motor vehicle license and DOT medical certification requirements Hearing: must be able to pass DOT medical certification requirements Weight: maximum weight of 275 (equipment safety limit)






full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed