We are looking for an experienced SAP Treasury and Risk Management RM consultant for one of our clients.  Location: Oregon   SUMMARY of Lien Accounting system Lien accounting process is to manage the recording and documenting of financial obligations imposed for various reasons on properties.  The special assessment program helps finance local improvement projects like street improvements, code enforcement efforts, demolition and civil penalty assessments. There are specific funds maintained for these programs. Main requirements: 1. Lien docket to be electronically maintained with access to public (through an external website currently) providing relevant details as required by law. 2. Account creation based on legal information of assessed property (belonging not to the public sector unit but to  private citizens and entities) – ability to configure based on property rather than individual customers 3. Multiple notifications to be sent to the property owners regarding the assessment (details of hearing, cost estimate, initial assessment and final assessment) 4. Lien recording to create the legal record for the property owner’s obligation to pay and also activates interest accruals.  5. Accounts receivable – ability to manage billings, collection, distribution of funds to various funding sources  6. Lien finance process – to create specific repayment schedules based on type of lien and agreements with the property owners 7. Project accounting – to manage the local improvements division and the transactions associated with liens related to each local improvement (accounted as a project) 8. Customer service – to engage with the customers regarding details of the lien and manage the customer interaction  9. Collection/Foreclosure – required to secure payments on delinquent accounts 10. System administration – security, system maintenance 11. Reporting – used in different functions – assessment, finance, reconciliation, bonds, collections and foreclosure  If this position interests you please send your resume in word format , your availability and expected rate






