Rim Hospitality  Job Description    Job Title:      Front Office/Guest Services Supervisor    Department: Rooms   Reports To:  Front Office Manager/General Manager      SUMMARY: Supervises the Front Desk to ensure efficient and profitable operation by performing the following duties personally or through delegating of tasks. The following reflects management’s definition of essential functions for this job but does not restrict the tasks that may be assigned. Management may assign or reassign duties and responsibilities to this job at any time die to reasonable accommodation or other reasons.    SPECIAL NOTE: Preferred Hospitality experience in a comparable position.    ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following.   • Oversee general operation of the hotel when the General Manager or Front Desk Manager is not present.  • Set the tone and example of guest service and guest satisfaction for all colleagues.  • Has specific responsibility for overseeing specific shifts of the Front Desk. Checks the Bell/Door, Turndown and Night House Person lists.  • Participates in the hiring, managing, overseeing and training the Front desk personnel.  • Acts as a liaison with the Front Desk Manager and/or General Manager concerning Front Desk colleagues.  • Does daily check of the previous day’s work, i.e. posting, deposits, cash reports and petty cash reports.  • Handles guest incidents in reporting via Home Office and contacting the Risk Manager for guidance on claims reporting to carrier. Ensures that processing of all incidents is done timely.   • Works with GM and Safety Team Leader on all safety related issues.  • Oversees the Door/Bell staff in the absence of a Valet Supervisor (if applicable) and/or Front Desk Manager or GM.  • Meets weekly with the Front Desk Manager, if applicable, or GM to discuss projects, progress and items that need resolution.    SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES  Manages all Front Desk, Door/Bell and Night House Person. Is responsible for the overall direction, coordination and supervision of these areas. Carries out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization’s policies and applicable laws. Responsibilities include interviewing, hiring, training colleagues; planning, assigning and directing work; appraising performance with the GM, rewarding and addressing performance/conduct issues with GM and resolving problems.    OUALIFICATIONS  Ability to read and interpret documents such as safety rules, operating and maintenance instructions and procedure manuals. Ability to write routine reports and correspondence. Ability to speak effectively before groups of guests or colleagues of organization.  To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.    EDUCATION   Associate’s degree (A.A.) or equivalent from a two-year colleague or technical school; or one year related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.    LANGUAGE SKILLS  Ability to read analyzes, and interprets general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, guests and the general public.    MATHEMATICAL SKILLS  Ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical inference, and fundamentals of plane and solid geometry. Ability to apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical solutions.    REASONING ABILITY  Ability to define problems collects data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables.    PHYSICAL DEMANDS  The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by a colleague to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  While performing the duties of this job, the colleague is regularly required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel and talk and hear. The colleague frequently is required to stand, walk, and sit. The colleague is occasionally required to reach with hands and arms. The colleague must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.    WORK ENVIRONMENT  The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those a colleague encounters while performing the essential functions o this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.    The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate.






associate-needed