Looking for a GREAT place to work? Do you want to enjoy your job everyday? Do you want to work for a GREAT company? If so, then this is the place for you!  Our company was built from the ground up, from the owner's kitchen table to worldwide sales as well as a nomination for Entrepreneur of the Year. This did not happen by accident. We have been successful by building an incredible team that any company would be envious to have! We only want people who play at the top of their game and want to be surrounded by excellence. Our brand is our reputation and we will except nothing less than the best. The best part of the job is the environment and the people with which you work!  If you're ambitious, enthusiastic, motivated, have a passion for excellent customer service, thrive in a team environment, want to have fun at work, love sales and have a track record of results and success, love working with people, then a position at Crazy Scrubs might be just what you are looking for.  FULL TIME STORE MANAGER:  As a store manager, you are the key part in the store's success. You MUST HAVE MANAGEMENT EXPERIENCE TO BE CONSIDERED. You must be excited about meeting your sales goals, building store traffic, converting visitors, interacting with the products, and promoting campaigns and contests. You must have proven leadership skills and have the ability to motivate and turn goals into reality. You must display \"grace under pressure\". Your duties will be sales, ordering, merchandising, training and building a team that will make you successful beyond words. Your motto must be having the willingness to go above and beyond.  Your role: - Act as an stellar representative for the company and the brands. - Produce sales results for the company. - Treat customers and co-workers with respect. - Train team on store visuals and displays. - Open availability and flexibility to work. - Thrive on building long-lasting customer relationships. - Coach team members on the ethics, philosophies and best practices of Crazy Scrubs. - Maintain and build contagious energy throughout your entire shift. - Build your team's confidence and work as a group on every shift. - Sales, sales and sales. - Treat customers like gold. - Upkeep the store's visuals and displays with pride. - Naturally approach customers and fluidly determining their needs.  If this describes you, we definitely want to meet you! Our company is the fastest growing health care apparel company in the Rocky Mountain Region. We have been in business for over 20 years.  We are extremely picky about whom we hire and we know the secret to building an incredible team.  We offer to you:  A very fun company environment Medical benefits No nights No holidays Competitive pay Clothing and shoes provided Monthly bonus Happy, positive work environment Monthly sales contests Employee discounts Paid vacation We are closed all major holidays  $20.00 hr plus monthly bonus Please submit a cover letter and a resume. If you are chosen, we will call you for a phone interview.






supervising-job hourly-wage full-time-job