Horn Stash Music Store and Fix This! Musical Instrument Repair in Palatine, IL is looking to fill a Full-time / Permanent position for a Retail Manager.  We are a rapidly growing business that offers new and used woodwind and brass instruments and accessories for sale, rentals, repairs, lessons, special events and much, much more!    The ideal candidate would be creative with high attention to detail, have a great sense of humor with the ability to multi-task, and enjoy working in a fast-paced environment with a high performance team that is passionate about music.  This position is full-time, with evening and Saturday hours.  The right person will experience a fun and engaging environment, long-term opportunities, and room for growth and advancement.  If you are the right person you MUST have… • Music familiarity and proficiency in a brass or woodwind instrument • Retail experience, including inventory management and tracking • Strong technology skills and be open to learning even more  Your contribution to the team will include: • Customer service, providing a flawless experience to our customers in sales and rentals, as well as, during in store special events • Merchandising, maintaining displays and merchandising our products both in store and online • Inventory management, ordering, receiving and product placement • Retail management and marketing, processing online sales, promoting events, products and repairs through our website and social media sites  Compensation for this position starts at $12-15/hour depending on experience and qualifications.    If you are interested and have the experience we are looking for, please email your resume and answers to the following 3 questions:  1. What makes you the right person for this position? 2. What are two things about you we need to know that aren't on your resume? 3. What is your favorite cartoon character and why?  Thank you for your interest, and have a terrific rest of the day!






hourly-wage supervising-job