*Position is Located in Southfield, MI*  Moncur Associates is a Detroit-area branding & digital agency. We are currently looking to add to several people to our Social Media team - people who understand how to listen to the marketplace, reach the right audiences with the right messages, positively influence our client's business goals with effective communication – and have a little fun while they're at it!   Our Digital PR / Social Media Managers work on multiple client accounts at a time.   *Responsibilities include:*  - Coordinating with internal teams and clients to know everything there is to know about the brand, and effectively represent it. - Defining topics, creating content (long form and short form), and publishing it throughout various social channels and blogs. - Monitoring and managing dialogue throughout various social channels. - Identifying and creating engagement opportunities that will help grow your audience and increase brand awareness. - Analyzing and reporting on key metrics and relevant data.   *Job requirements include:*   *3+ years experience.* You've managed multiple social channels for multiple clients in the public relations, advertising, communications or digital marketing world.  *Tactical understanding of all primary social media platforms.* You fully understand and can effectively use Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and LinkedIn.  *Thirst for social knowledge.* You stay up to date on all the most current social trends and developments, and are continually looking for ways to use that knowledge to the benefit of your clients.  *Technical and creative writing capabilities.* You can define a topic, gather information, develop well-written blog, PR and brand appropriate content, AND come up with creative ways to get your audience interested in it.   *Engagement.* You are both knowledgeable about and comfortable with the process of reaching out to new audiences, pitching a story, and turning that connection into measurable increased awareness and business results.  *Strategic and analytical thinking.* You're able to gather metrics and data from multiple sources, help make sense of them for a client, and put that information to work to help achieve the client's business goals.  *Press Release Writing.* You are talented at writing properly formed and intriguing press releases. Working knowledge of Photoshop. You may not be an expert, but you at least know the basics.  *Organization and time management skills.* You're a pro at keeping track of and organizing all the details and deadlines associated with social media community management and PR activities, ensuring that both client and budget requirements are consistently met.  *Bonus points for:* - Graphic design and/or photography experience - Journalism and/or extensive blog writing experience - Familiarity with social management platforms like Hootsuite, Sprout and WordPress.   To apply, please send your resume and examples of your blog and social community work. Resumes received without example URLs and/or portfolios will not be accepted. No phone calls or agencies, please.  visit www.example.com for more info.






2-4-years-experience-needed