JOB SUMMARY:  Builds and maintains a profitable growing portfolio by selling insurance products and providing related services to members of the community in which the agency is located.  RELATIONSHIP:  Reports to Titan Agency Sales Manager or Supervisor.  JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: 1. Prepares and presents accurate quotes and recommends coverage based on customer needs. 2. Determines and enters rating information into system; provides quote to customer and binds coverage.  3. Completes necessary application information, obtains necessary documentation and receives payment and applies money to policy in order to close the sale. 4. Responsible for achieving sales targets and market share objectives within the target market, including new business and the retention of present business. 5. Develops relationship with community served in order to promote assigned products. 6. Monitors customer preferences and trends and reports useful data back to the sales management. 7. Trains the agency staff on all aspects of the business. Motivates staff to attain individual and agency objectives. 8. Provides customer service to policyholders by communicating with internal/external personnel regarding problem situations. 9. Ensures that all applicable licensing and fiduciary requirements are in compliance according to applicable regulations. 10. Performs other related duties as assigned.  JOB REQUIREMENTS:  Licenses/Designations:  Associates must obtain the required Federal and/or state licenses/registrations within the time period designated by the business unit.  Additional licenses/registrations may be required when new products and services are implemented.  If an associate fails or is unable to obtain required licenses/registrations within the time period designated by the business unit, the associate will be ineligible to continue in the position.  Knowledge:   Requires strong knowledge of property casualty insurance products, business management concepts, sales/marketing approaches, and trends.  Skills: Possesses strong verbal and interpersonal skills to communicate information to customers and potential customers and advise them of areas where financial protection may be needed or enhanced.  Values:  Regularly and consistently demonstrates the Nationwide Values and Guiding Behaviors.  Overtime Eligibility:  Eligible (Nonexempt). . Credit Check: Due to the fiduciary accountabilities within this job, a valid credit check and/or background check will be required as part of the selection process.






licence-needed