Seeking professional and qualified personnel with wireless construction backgrounds in telecom that have climbed cell towers and led crews. Wireless telecommunications experience required. Candidates must have installation experience with all types of lines, antennas, and corresponding RF components. Proof of certifications for any listed is required. Current work is in various markets- we will look at candidates from any market, we fly you in.  Tower crews also needed at various levels, but a minimum of 6 mo current telecom experience climbing needed. Must be willing and able to climb every day and be comfortable at heights.   Overland Contracting Inc. offers the stability and benefits of a career, and not just another job. We are hiring colleagues with a 'can-do' mindset. If you thrive in a high energy environment and on professional challenges, let's get you started on the path to a better and brighter future. We offer some of the best benefits in the industry from day 1 of employment- no more waiting 90 days. We welcome anyone who is willing to work hard and interested in career growth to call OCI home.   The Tower Crews will perform installation, inspection and maintenance services for wireless radio and antenna systems on towers, rooftops and other elevated structures. Current projects are for AT&T LTE work. LTE knowledge will be tested. May perform light civil scopes in support of radio systems cabling & grounding, interconnects or DC power distribution or other civil labor as needed. Required on site daily at construction site(s).  *Primary purpose:*  Ensure strict adherence to Safety, Quality, and schedule;  Provides constant direction & supervision to crew members on tower top.  *Responsibilities:* _Crew Safety_ • Works with Foreman to ensure daily STA is completed and reviewed in detail by all crew members. • Ensures all crew members have and using the proper PPE for the assigned task. • Assists site foreman in conducting & reviewing all safety / PPE inspections. • Assist foreman with ordering replacement equipment when needed. • Removes all out of service PPE from job site _Daily reporting_  • Assist foreman in compiling a detailed report of the day’s activities and forecast the work to be completed the next work day. • Report any out of scope work or activities that occur to the Foreman immediately upon identification.  _Quality_ • Inspects all completed tower top work prior to leaving site. • Reviews deficiencies found with the crew to show what needs corrected and ensures corrections are made prior to demobilizing from the site. _Performance_ • Ability to perform all tower top related activities, provide constant direction to other crew members to achieve maximum efficiency.  • Ensure each crew member has adequate supplies & direction to complete all assigned task. _Training_ • Provides continued training and assist with the continued development of the crew members assigned.   *Requirements:* • 3 years minimum experience as a climber & Installer.  • Proficient at Rigging & Hoisting, Antennas, Coax, Fiber & DC cables, Jumpers & RF Components.  • Intermediate understanding & ability to read and understand CD’s, structural analysis and RF Data Sheets. Perform Sweep, PIM & Fiber Testing.  • Ability to climb and inspect work.  *WORKING CONDITIONS AND PHYSICAL DEMANDS:*  • Must be willing to travel as needed and come prepared to work. (Dressed appropriately) • Must be willing to work nights and weekends when required.  • Must be in good physical condition with the ability to bend, twist, squat and lift 50 lbs. and pull his/her own body weight plus equipment weight up a vertical tower repeatedly for long periods of time. (A fit for duty test may be applied)  • Must be comfortable climbing & working at heights on towers, rooftops, water towers and other elevated structures.   OCI offers an ethical, challenging, diverse, rewarding and fun work experience where enthusiastic, responsible people use their energy, talent and dedication to make a difference in the world. OCI is an equal opportunity, drug-free employer committed to diversity in the workplace. Overland Contracting Inc. (OCI) offers: Competitive Salary Package, Benefits, and 401K Plan. Alcohol/Drug-free workplace. Travel required






supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed