PRIMARY FUNCTIONS:   Responsible for coordination of the client, SCC Soft Computer and third party staff in the implementation of specific SCC Soft Computer products within one or more functional areas.  The Project Manager will work directly with the Client Project Manager to manage the overall implementation efforts and ensure a predictable and profitable project delivery.   QUALIFICATIONS/REQUIREMENTS:  ACADEMIC:  Minimum BA/BS degree in related healthcare field, Information Technology or related field.  PMP eligible/certified is not required but is valued.  EXPERIENCE:  4+ years of implementing multi-solution Clinical Information Systems Installation/Migration projects, preferably SCC Soft Computer System. Clinical background preferred but not required.  PMP Certified is a plus.  PHYSICAL:  Must be able to perform all essential functions of the job, with reasonable accommodation if necessary. Travel required.   WORKING CONDITIONS:  Responsible for following a strict schedule and meeting established deadlines; subject to frequent time constraints; has high visibility with end users.  TRAVEL:  50% - 75% required.  Ability to travel outside the US if requested.   MAJOR RESPONSIBILITIES: • Leads project implementation planning • Organizes the Project Team and helps establish decision-making bodies • Assist with defining project standards and metrics for measurement • Monitors and communicates overall project progress and milestones on a weekly basis • Responsible for documenting and reporting project progress and issues to Client Project Manager &/or executives • Monitors project budget from a cost and time perspective • Coordinates all project resources and resolves resource conflicts as necessary • Maintains S&P assigned project budget and timeliness of billing • Responsible for maintaining/monitoring S&P staff accountability • Facilitates S&P inter-team communications • Monitors and adjusts S&P staff workload and productivity on a weekly basis • Attends decision board meetings as necessary • Develops and maintains global work plan and schedules, developing or working with others to develop and monitor solution implementation work plans as appropriate – works with Client to insure that plans are synchronized on a regular basis as necessary • Support Client Project Manager in the identification and management of risk and quality assurance issues which arise during the project • Reports on and conducts reviews of the project progress with Client and SCC Soft Computer management • Assist with setting and managing both Client and SCC Soft Computer expectations regarding the project • Works directly with the Project Team Leads to coordinate day –to-day project activities • Maintain regular contact with Client Project Team through on-site visits, conference calls, email, fax and routine telephone calls. • Working closely with Project Team members to develop site-specific system testing and conversion plans; assisting central testing group/coordinator in developing integration test plans as needed.  SKILLS:  • Demonstrated ability to lead and managed a project team. • In-depth domain knowledge related to processes to be designed. • Ability to see system implications of functional/process requirements. • Demonstrated ability to follow-through on commitments and meet deadlines. • Self-motivated individual with an ability to communicate effectively both orally and in writing.  • Good attention to detail.   • Has the ability to multitask.   • Has the ability to interact positively with a large variety of people/personalities   ABOUT US:  S&P is a leading independent provider of healthcare information technology consulting services. Our clinical and technical experienced team delivers a unique senior level perspective to contribute to the success of each project. With an emphasis on clinical systems we offer consulting services ranging from executive advisory to system implementation, optimization and support.    WHY JOIN S&P?  We are a small consulting company that prides ourselves in hiring only the most talented individuals.






supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed