Description  This role is supporting the new Digital Life Services organization. This group will be launching   AT&T's connected digital home services including Home Security, Home Monitoring, Home   Automation & Control, Home Healthcare, Personal Energy Management and other applications.  As Market Operations Manager, the incumbent will lead the field production efforts for the   organization within the assigned market/s. The Market Operations Manager is responsible for   leading the productivity efforts of field installation and repair services, while promoting the best   in class service to our customers and service partners. To effectively ensure a success in the role,   the incumbent must demonstrate technical leadership with the ability to monitor field operations   and financial objectives to drive organizational goal achievement.  Responsibilities:  • Manage Field Operations infrastructure implementation and performance for Carter   Brothers Digital Life Operations.   • Coordination of market launch plans with AT&T to meet volumes with proper headcount   support in order to meet schedules.   • Makes recommendations on staffing needs and participates in interview and selection   process.  • Input and control technician on-boarding and scheduling on the AT&T provided   scheduling system.   • Monitor technician productivity within the assigned market to ensure compliance with all   policies and procedures.  • Monitor customer satisfaction and experience, on-time percentage, deadlines, service   event duration by install type, completion rate, job load exceptions, and repeat services   calls, multiple rescheduled appointments, open service events, technician up-sell rate   and overall quality. Monitor daily technician productivity data and utilize to schedule   employees, and manage resources.  • Conduct Quality Audits with field technicians in order to maintain expected performance   and quality standards.  • Coach to address individual technician performance and process issues. Create   performance management and improvement plans to address performance shortfalls.   • Communicate daily or as assigned with senior management and AT&T to ensure proper   service event management.   • Communicate daily or as needed with field service technicians/installer to address any   service related issues.   • Monitor and provide reports to management regarding cost and expenses for field   operations including fuel consumption, overtime, cell phone, computer equipment and   IPad usage.   • Serve as the liaison to the vehicle fleet manager to ensure compliance with all vehicle   policies and procedures.   • Serve as the liaison to all sub-vendors to ensure compliance with all policies and   procedures.   • Monitors inventory adjustments performance by technician.  • Work with Training Coordinator to address and implement training for field technicians.   Ensures that all field personnel in assigned territory receive proper training on installation   policies and procedures.  • Verifies, approves and submits time sheets and PTO Requests for assigned territory in a   timely manner.  • Disseminates directives from Corporate to Field Personnel  • Provides input to annual performance evaluations for all direct reports.  • Miscellaneous projects and/or tasks as assigned.  Requirements:  • High school diploma or equivalent  • 3-5 years of experience local Field Operations management  • Experience in managing and/or supporting field operations teams   • Current valid driver license  • Must possess excellent customer service skills  • Must possess excellent time-management skills  • Must possess the ability to communicate effectively with customers, peers, and all levels   of management  • Must possess excellent critical and analytical thinking skills






supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed