The Scheduler must enjoy solving complex scheduling problems using advanced software designed specifically for the Applied Behavior Analysis (ABA) therapy field. Applicants for this position must be highly computer literate and enjoy learning and using advanced software for up to eight hours a day.  The Scheduler must create the daily therapy schedules for 40+ staff and 40+ children, each of whom will have from 2 - 4 appointments per day. Changes in the schedule occur on a daily basis. The Scheduler must make changes in the schedule on an ongoing basis to accommodate cancellations and changes. The Scheduler is also responsible for assigning rooms for therapy sessions. Weekly, the Scheduler leads a meeting with management on the results of previous week activities and issues/decisions for the upcoming week.  The Scheduler also must be able to work with staff and parents to resolve scheduling issues. A high degree of professionalism is required, along with good communication skills.  A college degree is required. At least two years of experience working with some form of advanced software is also required. Please list the specific software you have utilized in your cover letter or resume.  Work hours for this position will be from 7:30 - 4:00. The Scheduler will need to have the flexibility to arrive at work by 7:00 a.m., if needed, due to the number of schedule changes for the day.  Applicants must have the ability to understand and maximize the use of the features of the software to improve our scheduling process. Applicants must be patient and able to work in a fast-paced environment. They must also enjoy working around children and be professional and personable when dealing with parents and staff.  Steps to Progress LLC provides short term disability and life insurance to employees at no cost. Full time employees are eligible for medical and dental coverage after 60 days of employment and the company pays 75% of the premium for the coverage.  Please submit a cover letter and resume. For more information about Steps to Progress LLC go to www.example.com






hourly-wage 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed full-time-job