NOW HIRING: Part Time Sales Associates    Cerulean Blu began in 2012 as the solution to the hazards that typically plague swim and resort wear shopping - unflattering lighting, poor selection and ill-equipped staff. We set out to fix these problems by creating a spa-like atmosphere complete with a spa-like atmosphere, meticulously placed lighting and unparalleled customer service. Cerulean Blu’s flagship store is located at 400 Beach Drive in downtown St. Petersburg.    We are a small, family owned retail business that believes in empowering team members and rewarding innovation and growth. Currently, we are seeking part time sales associates to join our team. The Sales Associate helps customers find the best products and services to suit their individual needs and ensure efficient, courteous handling of customer requests. You'll work closely with the Store Manager and Assistant Manager in the day-to-day operations.    Hours:    The position requires approximately 20 hours per week.  Must be available to work between the hours of 11am-4pm, with earlier or later hours as needed.  Must be available to work weekends. Flexibility is key as weekends are peak retail hours and Jan 15 through July 15 is generally the peak swim season.    Responsibilities:    • Assist the Store Manager and Assistant Manager with the day-to-day operations of Cerulean Blu    • Implement strategies to improve customer service, drive store sales, and increase profitability including, but not limited to, merchandising, promotions and in store events    • Exhibit the highest level of customer service. Ensure customer needs are met, complaints are resolved, and service is quick and efficient, without compromising quality    • Maintain store appearance and product presentation to company standards    • Assist with online sales processing when necessary    • Reports to Store Manager and Assistant Store Manager    Minimum Qualifications:    Requires a high school diploma with 2-4 years of experience in the field or in a related area.  We prefer candidates with experience providing a high level of customer service and/or sales. The candidate must have familiarity with standard concepts, practices, and procedures within the retail field. Also requires sound judgment and experience to plan and accomplish goals.






2-4-years-experience-needed part-time-job