The Tax Senior Manager is primarily responsible for enabling the firm to serve a large number of clients effectively by supporting the Partners, the firm’s philosophy and culture, maintaining and developing expertise in the niche areas we serve, and playing liaison between the partners and clients and professional staff members.  This position requires: *Public Accounting Experience – senior candidates with previous Public Accounting and Managerial Experience are strongly preferred.*  *EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENT* * Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree from a 4 year accredited college or university * 150 credit hours CPA requirement met * Holds a current and valid CPA Licensed, and is a member in good standing with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Society of Louisiana Certified Public Accountants, and the State Board of Certified Public Accountants * At least 8 years of related experience and/or training or Equivalent combination of education and experience  *RESPONSIBILITIES* * Maintains ongoing contact with clients throughout the business year, involving a thorough knowledge of the client and all facets of the client’s business. This requires more than just routine attendance to immediate issues. * Represents clients before the IRS. * Follows the progress of the work in relation to budgeted time and scheduled dates of completion and anticipates the problem areas and questions that might arise. * Deals directly with the client’s attorney or brokers, taxing authority agents, and other third parties. * Prepares timely staff performance evaluations and discusses them with the staff members. * Maintains knowledge of general economic and political trends, and other legislation that could affect the business climate. * Actively initiates and participates in the firm marketing activities. * Develops strong relationships with appropriate referral sources and follows up with contracts to develop client prospects or new work. * Consistently achieves realization targets.






bs-degree-needed full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed