Integrated Life Choices supports people throughout every stage of life by providing exceptional service from a quality team.  *Core Values:* * Dedication: We are determined to provide the best person-centered supports to meet people's needs throughout their lives. * Innovation: We create unique supports to meet each person's needs. * Support: We encourage people to live a fulfilling life through independence and self-advocacy. * Integrity: We act ethically and honestly without compromising the truth. * Professionalism: We are a qualified team that is equipped to support people with respect and dignity.  *Full Time and Part Time positions available.*  Come be a part of a continuously growing company as a Direct Support Professional! If you want a rewarding career in human services, ILC is just the place for you! We are looking for dedicated people at the DSP position to provide day-to-day opportunities which support and guide individuals in achieving personal goals for maximum living. This can involve modeling productive behavior as well as teaching life improving concepts and day-to-day functional skills to individuals with developmental disabilities. Direct Support Professional position also involves introducing and supervising individual activities necessary for routine living, personal and home care/safety. As a member of a residential or vocational team, this person must work cooperatively with all team members within the work environment to ensure individuals receive the right support and protection.   *Opportunity to earn up to $1 raise after successfully completing your 6 month introductory period.*  *Requirements:* * Minimum of 19 years of age * High School diploma or GED required * Valid Driver's License and proof of continuous car insurance * Successfully complete and pass all checks including: DMV, and Nebraska Adult and Child Protective Services Central Registry.  We are determined to provide the best person-centered supports to meet people's needs throughout their lives.  To learn more about the Direct Support Professional position and apply, click \"Apply Now\".






supervising-job