Job Description  U TRAVEL LIMITED a growing world-class manufacturer of fabricated and insulated wire products, is seeking outstanding employees for the positions of Shipping Clerk and Forklift Operator/ Floater.  The Shipping Clerk will act as a backup for the Shipping Manager with the following responsibilities:       This fast paced position is responsible for checking drivers in and out, preparation of bills of laiding for outbound loads, ensuring all scheduled orders are written up and sent to the floor, using the computer to key out all completed orders and bill of laidings, utilizing spreadsheets for data collection and analysis, filing paperwork, and any other duties applicable to this role.     In addition to administrative functions will be responsible for completing task as a team when necessary utilizing forklift skills to pick and fill orders and load/ unload trucks.   The Forklift Operator will have the following responsibilities:       Capable of working in a very fast paced environment, safely meeting the needs of multiple production lines.     Working as a team to ensure that production lines remain stocked with raw materials and removal of finished goods to our warehouse.     Participate in physical inventories     Job Requirements  Shipping Clerk requirements:      Proficient in Microsoft Word and Excel, along with the logistical processing of customer orders; including coordination with vendors, sales staff, customer service representatives, billing representatives, warehouses and shippers.     The person must have great people skills as you will be responsible for working with dispatchers, truck drivers, warehouse employees and customer service.  Forklift Operator/ Floater Requirements:      1 year minimum previous experience in a predominately forklift and/or picker role (preferrably meeting the demands of a production line)      Team oriented thinking      Self-motivated and dependable      High level of efficiency/ productivity      Twelve hour continuous shift: 10:45p– 1100a (2-2-3 Rotation)  We offer a comprehensive benefit package including: 401K, medical, dental, long term disability and life insurance.  All candidates will be required to complete/ pass a criminal background check and hair sample drug sceen.  If you feel that you meet either of these job qualifications please submit a resume to referencing the position you are applying for in the subject line.






1-year-experience-needed full-time-job