Seattle Infant Development Center (SIDC), a downtown Seattle daycare and preschool in existence since 1979, is seeking an Executive Director with a demonstrated commitment to early learning, child development, staff development and team building.  SIDC provides care and early education to children ages one month to five years and currently has approximately 60 children enrolled in five separate classrooms.  SIDC maintains low child to teacher ratios with 23 staff members.   The Executive Director (ED) is responsible for day to day operations, administration, and strategic leadership of the center.   The ED works with the Board of Directors to develop an annual budget for the center and to ensure that the center operates as a financially sound business with strong policies and procedures related to administration, finances, operations, technology, emergency preparedness, and regulatory compliance.  The ED maintains frequent communication with current and prospective families and manages enrollment and transitions to new classrooms.  The ED is also responsible for recruiting, hiring, supervising, and motivating SIDC’s culturally diverse, well-trained, and dedicated staff.  The ED also manages the ongoing accreditation and licensing process and ensures the center’s care and education standards meet or exceed all Department of Early Learning, NAEYC, and other state guidelines.  Ideal candidates will have:  • Five or more years of relevant leadership experience with a focus on early childhood/child development or education.  • Experience working with a medium or large child care center or early education organization.  Background working with state accreditation and licensing processes strongly preferred.  • Experience managing staff and ensuring the efficient operation of an organization within a set budget. • Bachelor’s degree in an applicable field, and preferably advanced education, training, or experience in the areas of education, ECE, or business administration. • Demonstrated ability to partner effectively with an independent board of directors.  Able to manage board relationships in a diplomatic and professional manner and ability to escalate high priority issues as needed. • Ability to relate to, support, and cooperate with childcare staff to ensure continued professional growth and competency. • Strong computer skills, including MS Office products. • Ability to effectively review, analyze and present business and financial information. • Ability to listen and communicate effectively with a variety of audiences - - parents, staff, board of directors, state licensing agencies, and community partners.  Ability to develop strong and trusted relationships with each of these audiences. • Strong aptitude for delegation and prioritization, with a clear understanding of risk and impact. • Genuine passion for and commitment to children and the value of early learning in child development.  SIDC is an equal opportunity employer and offers a competitive salary, excellent benefits, and a strong committed staff.  Interested candidates should send a resume and detailed cover letter describing their interest in this position to the address below.






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job