We are currently recruiting for a Communications Marketing Manager for the Association. This position is responsible for planning, organizing, directing, and controlling the assigned marketing and communications programs. It is also charged with researching potential new channels of communication for assigned association departments. This position serves as a liaison between the communications department and membership, businesses development and education foundation departments.  THIS POSITION REQUIRES STRONG WRITING AND EDITING SKILLS.  This position will serve as an integral part of the communications & Technology departments, as well as perform the following work:  - Create and implement successful communications/marketing plans for the membership, businesses development and education foundation departments.  - Create professional outreach materials using traditional means (such as newsletters, news releases, brochures) and non-traditional means (such as Web pages, social media posts) using a writing style clearly understood by the industry audience.  - Project management and execution. Participate in progress reports for assigned departments. - Provides direct support for the Communications Director - Works as a self-starter who is comfortable taking assignments from several directions. Determines appropriate information methods and techniques to carry out assignments. Brainstorms with other staff on communications campaigns and tactics, and helps map out communications plans involving other agencies. Determines appropriate information methods and techniques to carry out the communications and marketing activities. - Works with other WRA departments to develop and implement strategic cross-boundary communications initiatives, including marketing efforts and execution/development of marketing/communications plans. -Work with WRA members as needed. - Create communications assets, such as articles, marketing materials, promotions, etc. related to assigned tasks and liaison departments.  REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS  Viable and competitive candidates should meet or exceed many of these desirable qualifications:  - Have bachelor's degree in communications, journalism, advertising or related field, or equivalent year-for-year experience working in the public relations field, in addition to three years of writing/editing or equivalent experience. - Minimum two years of professional experience in communications, journalism, or public relations. - Consistently exceptional written, verbal, and interpersonal communication skills - Demonstrated ability to produce high-quality work under tight fiscal and time constraints, to communicate complex information to diverse audiences - Solid judgment with high standards of accuracy, responsiveness, integrity, confidentiality, and discretion - Detail oriented. - Work effectively as a team member. - Proven experience in prioritizing tasks, meeting deadlines, and coordinating work assignments with others. Ability to handle and multi-task on a high volume of projects. - Ability to develop project and action plans, including task lists, resource needs and timelines, coordinate projects and assignments and communicate changes, status and progress. Demonstrate attention to detail.  - Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite, social marketing programs, rudimentary photo editing software, Wordpress or other Web content software and PowerPoint.  Compensation: $30,500 to $39,500 per year (DOE), plus benefits






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed salary