Go Rentals is a car rental company that caters to the private jet industry.  We are looking for a Driver for our Denver location.  The following reflects management's definition of the type of person we are looking for:  Minimum of a high school diploma or GED equivalent. College degree preferred. Ability to communicate clearly and concisely Professional appearance - uniforms will be provided Must be a people person Must have guest services skills/background Must have a clean driving record Must be English proficient Must be able to pass TSA background check Must be 21 years or older  This job entails working nights, weekends and long hours. Nine to fivers need not apply.  This job will be full-time and begins immediately.  If this interests you, please go to our website at www.example.com and click on the \"Careers\" tab to fill out an application.  Thank you  Go Rentals provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, amnesty, or status as a covered veteran in accordance with applicable federal, state and local laws. Go Rentals complies with applicable federal, state and local laws governing non-discrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training. Go Rentals expressly prohibits any form of unlawful employee harassment including but not limited to those based on race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, national origin, age, genetic information, disability, or veteran status. Improper interference with the ability of Go Rentals employees to perform their expected job duties is absolutely not tolerated. Go Rentals is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and maintains a Drug-Free Workplace. We are wholeheartedly committed to employing a diverse, service dedicated workforce and we maintain an inclusive work environment that embraces everyone's unique contributions.






full-time-job