Repair and maintain components used for aircraft airframe and powerplant. They inspect aircraft engines, landing gear, instruments, pressurized sections, accessories – brakes, valves, pumps, and air-conditioning systems. Maintain records related to the maintenance performed on the aircraft. Mechanics conduct inspections following a schedule based on the number of hours the aircraft has flown, calendar days since the last inspection, cycles of operation, or a combination of these factors. They repair or replace worn or defective parts. Mechanics may also repair sheet metal or composite surfaces. Mechanics rely on the pilots description of a problem to find and fix faulty equipment. Some mechanics work on one or many different types of aircraft, such as jets, propeller-driven airplanes.  • Performs routine inspections and troubleshooting, including airframe structures, engines, and aircraft system. • Performs all airframe, power plant and propeller repairs and modifications required to meet company and FAA requirements. • Removal and disassembly of defective parts; assembly and installation of replacement parts; and testing aircraft system. • Operates all power tools and equipment necessary to accomplish job assignment. • Completes all required maintenance records. • Accurately records time worked on a work order. • Presents a clean and neat work area to our customers. • Interprets technical manuals, drawings and blueprints. • Tows and parks aircraft. • Performs other aircraft maintenance work as may be required. • Performs varied additional duties as assigned  Knowledge of computers and their operation • Knowledge of the English language • General knowledge of the combined federal regulations • Ability to perform basic communications • Ability to follow verbal and written instructions • Ability to read and understand blue prints • Ability to read and understand aircraft wiring diagrams • Ability to legally operate a motorized vehicle  Preferred Skills: • Experience on Beechcraft and Hawker series aircraft • Previous MRO or Corporate Aircraft experience Education: • Five (5) years of work related experience and a FAA Airframe and Power Plant License • High School or equivalent   Please call  XXX  to speak with an Avsource Aviation Recruiter






5-plus-years-experience-needed