Full Time Live-In Nanny   Description: Full time, permanent position available as a live-in nanny. Nanny will be responsible for caring for four children ranging from ages 4 years old to 12 years old. Light house work, cooking and errands will be required. Nanny must have a clear driver's license, clean background and be a non smoker.  Must be able to use stairs and lift 20 lbs. for misc. working activities.  Duties: Must be comfortable caring for four children Daily Cooking, learning dairy free options for an allergy Errands, general running around Light house cleaning such as laundry, dishes Will be preparing children for school each morning, picking up from bus stop May help with homework  Requirements: Will need to take a CPR class that will be paid for Follow instructions well   Welcome! Being a mother can be the most rewarding job there is alive...but doing it alone is difficult at times. I am looking for the right person to become part of my family and help ease the hardship of single parenting. We are a very active, energetic and playful family that is very easy going. This is more than a job...so finding the right person is paramount. And having someone long term that I can count on is absolutely essential.   A separate living space within the residence will be provided and all living expenses are covered. A vehicle will be provided. This position is very dynamic so there will be constant change. A schedule will be provided and time off will be outlined ahead of time and if something changes that will be discussed as needed. For the most part, this is a Monday through Friday position and weekends will be free for personal time. Through the week there is about 30 hours of actual work time. The duties are pretty flexible and the position is fairly laid back. All the children are easy to care for and the youngest is potty trained, so no babies...  What I am looking for is someone who wants to be a member of a family and is looking to serve others with a greater cause. Someone that is not afraid to learn yet is fully competent to teach as well.   Due to the value of this position, a background check and drug test will be required. Someone with high energy and strong sense of family values should submit a resume with a brief reason as to why this position is a good fit.  Spanish and English speaking would be ideal but not required. I am also willing to pay for an immigration visa and travel cost if currently living long distance.






full-time-job