Activity Specialist – Martial Artists  Agency Mission:  NYJTL is a tennis-themed nonprofit organization offering comprehensive school- and community-based out-of-school time programs to youth 6-18 years of age throughout New York City. We are among 500 chapters of a national organization started by Arthur Ashe to give inner-city youth a chance to learn the game of tennis and provide them with experiences they normally would not get otherwise. NYJTL is the largest of the chapters, and we offer a safe and nurturing environment in a school setting where youth can participate in different sporting activities, especially tennis, and thrive in an academically supportive environment to help them reach their maximum potential. NYJTL operates its programs in elementary and middle-schools throughout New York City.  Position Summary:  We are seeking Activity Specialists for NYJTL’s out-of-school-time programs in Queens, Brooklyn and the Bronx. Activity Specialists must have a strong interest in working with youth and have expertise in one or more disciplines or content-specific program activities or subjects such as performance art, drama, art, or other activity or subject that enriches the experiences of children in the NYJTL program and helps them stay interested and do better in school. Activity Specialists must be able to develop lesson plans in their area(s) of expertise and reinforce learning with the aid of Group Leaders. They also must be skilled in engaging children so that no child is left behind.  Job Status: This is a part-time position  Qualities/Qualification Requirements: • Must have Bachelors or Associate Degree or attending college with appropriate training or certification in their area of specialty • Minimum of two years’ experience working with elementary or middle school-aged children • Exceptional group management, problem-solving and conflict resolution skills • Strong verbal and written communication skills • Competency in youth development and child care • Ability to create interactive academic and/or enrichment activities that are age-appropriate • Genuine enthusiasm for developing professional skills through training opportunities and field practice • Ability to work as part of a team within a school community • Ability to communicate and work effectively and respectfully with a broad range of diverse constituents • Knowledge of DYCD and DOH mandates  Duties and Responsibilities:  • Ensure the safety and engagement of children in assigned activities  • Develop weekly activity lesson plans in area(s) of specialty • Facilitate purposeful activities that foster the development of new skills in children, while reinforcing skills/information previously taught • Work with Group Leaders, engaging them in the lesson plan development process and modeling activity facilitation • Provide strong classroom and behavioral management skills, ensuring that all participants follow agency and program rules • Assist in all activities to ensure the orderly operation of the program, inclusive of: supervising children during snack/supper, facilitating dismissal and completing daily administrative paperwork (e.g. keeping attendance, time sheets, etc.) • Attend and supervise children during special projects and field trips, including those which occur outside of regular program hours • Complete 15 hours of professional development each calendar year • Demonstrate key competencies including: initiative, teamwork, cooperation, preparedness, professionalism, reliability and a willingness to continuously improve • Attend all meetings, training workshops and special events, as required, inclusive of those outside of program hours • Available during after-school hours, generally 2:30 p.m. through 5:30 p.m. or 3:00 p.m. through 6:00 p.m.; 15 hours per week (not inclusive of meetings); Monday-Friday during the school year  Salary - $20 per hour  How to Apply: Please send your resume, along with a cover letter with an explanation as to why you should be considered for the position. No telephone inquiries. All applications must be submitted via email. submitted via email.






supervising-job ms-or-phd-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed