Job Summary: This is an exciting opportunity for a proven leader in the Fort Worth community. West Side Campus of Care is a well-established center with a solid reputation in the community.  The purpose of the Licensed Administrator (Executive Director) position is to effectively oversee and lead the overall operation of the facility in accordance with applicable local, state, and federal regulations.  Essential Functions: - Effectively function as the Team Leader. - Active involvement in the community relations program to serve the best interests of the resident population. - Drive facility compliance with applicable federal, state and local regulations. - Direct and ensure the implementation of written policies and procedures that reflect the goals and objectives of the facility and administrative team.  - Oversee the recruitment, selection, and training of competent department supervisors and other ancillary staff. - Lead  daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly interdisciplinary meetings as deemed appropriate. - Oversee that physical assets of the facility are maintained in good condition and that material and supply inventories are maintained at appropriate levels. - Actively promote the implementation of therapeutic, recreational and rehabilitative programs to meet social and activity needs of patients. - Actively promote that nutritional needs of patients are met and drive a high level of food satisfaction. - Oversee that all ancillary services are either offered or provided to patients. -  Actively promote a working environment that promotes respect and dignity amongst staff and patient population. - Serve as Abuse Prevention Coordinator. - Any and all other activities/actions that promote a safe, quality, and meaningful lifestyle for the resident population, as approved by the board of directors.   Qualifications: *Licensed Administrator in the state of Texas (active license required) *Prefer at least 3 years experience in LTC. *Strong leadership & team building skills. *Strong communication & conflict resolution skills. *Proficient in the use of personal computer. *Thorough knowledge of regulatory compliance.






2-4-years-experience-needed licence-needed supervising-job