Sales and Marketing Specialist   Our successful Geriatric Care Managing Company in Modesto, CA is seeking a commission based Sales and Marketing Specialist whose primary focus is to develop referral pipeline throughout Central Valley. Our ideal candidate will have excellent presentation skills, superb follow up, motivated, with goal to obtain 5-7 referrals per month. We are looking for a compassionate individual who seeks to serve the geriatric population with the opportunity to enhance their income. If you want to be part of a driven organization with great initiatives, contact us today!  Minimum Requirements:  • Our company prefers a candidate that is interested in performing above Geriatric Care Manager position as well  • Previous experience in a relatable appointment setting or sales role • 3+ years of experience in a professional setting who has knowledge of local senior services • Degree in Marketing and Business preferred  • Industry knowledge/experience strongly preferred  • Must be computer literate in MS Office and able to learn specific software program   This position requires that you possess the following skills: • Excellent communication skills at a high level • Self-discipline in scheduling appointments and follow ups • Strong organizational skills • Ability to motivate prospects to set and keep appointments  • Attention to detail and accuracy  • Consistent follow-through  Responsibilities/Tasks:  Daily priorities are to fill your schedule, part time, with qualified appointments as well as other daily, weekly, and/or monthly tasks to include:  • Turn incoming prospect calls into scheduled appointments • Consistent follow-up with prospects and clients  • Prepare marketing letters to prospects before and after appointments and/or contact • Work independently and proactively to meet business & personal goals • Greet clients in a warm and friendly manner via phone and in person • Assist Team with a variety of administrative tasks • Create monthly accountability report illustrating number of contacts made, appointments set and appointments kept  Geriatric Care Manager, RN/LCSW    Stellar job opportunity for the right candidate...  Part time position to start with flexible hours.  Anticipate full time position by end of year.  Do you want to work from home, set your own schedule and work as a Geriatric Care Management?  Our company, Shelton Care Management, Inc. is recruiting a local RN or LCSW with experience in Care Management, Utilization Review and/or Discharge Planning and a desire to assist our aging population in all areas of Care Management.  In this position you will conduct comprehensive physical, safety, and psychosocial assessments of older adults, develop and implementing customized plans of care based on assessment plan, coordinate, and implement all patient care, identifying and addressing all concerns.   Further this individual must be able negotiate the medical provision arena and assist clients and their families in making sound and well educated decisions.  Job Responsibilities:  • Travel locally to attend client appointments  • Plan, coordinate, and implement all client care  • Act as liaison between the client and all parties involved in case (i.e. caregivers, family members, physician, etc.)  • Complete comprehensive written and verbal reports in a timely manner  Job Specifications:  • Part time; Billable hours • Local travel within Central Valley, your own vehicle • Client-specific cases  • Salary $40-$55 per hour based on experience and CCM certification  • Mileage reimbursement at IRS allowable rate  Requirements:  • Graduate of an accredited school of nursing  • Valid California RN license in good standing; no restrictions  • LCSW, certification preferred  • Applicants must pass a criminal background check and be eligible for a fingerprint card • Valid state-appropriate Driver’s license in good standing  • Valid car insurance policy • Excellent oral and written communication skills. • Must be computer literate in MS Office and able to learn specific software program • Min 2 years’ experience with a geriatric population in a medical or social care management environment  • CCM is highly desirable, or must be accomplished within one year • Strong assessment skills, self-motivated, highly organized • Provide own transportation and computer   *****Shelton Care Management, Inc. would prefer to hire one candidate for both positions combined.  Part time hours as a Geriatric Care Manager and commission based salary for the Marketing/Sales position.*****






full-time-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed