*Job Overview*  Our Assistant Operations Manager will assist with all facets of our distribution operation, including personnel management, warehousing, delivery, safety and administration. Position may require the individual to periodically perform some of the daily warehouse or delivery functions.  *Job Responsibilities for the Assistant Operations Manager* * Plan, coordinate and monitor all warehouse activities, including receiving, inventory control, returns, replenishment, order selection and loading to ensure products are received and shipped in a timely, accurate, damage free and safe manner. * Assist with training, scheduling, directing, development and evaluation of administrative, warehouse and delivery personnel.  Includes maintaining personnel and DOT files.  * Perform inventory functions  * Process paperwork for inbound shipments and enter receipts into the computer system. Enter inventory adjustments for scrapped products and products returned to stock. * Serve as acting operations manager during their absence. * Monitor Picking Queue and assign orders to Warehouse Associates to ensure orders are picked and shipped in a timely manner. * Communicate on a daily basis with the Operations Manager and/or Corporate  * Will be a member of the Warehouse and Delivery Safety Committees and will assist with the development, implementation and enforcement of safety policies and procedures. * Train warehouse associates to use material handling equipment including pallet jacks, walk-riders, forklifts, reach trucks, and stretch-wrappers.  *Job Qualifications* * High School diploma  * 3-5 years of management/supervisory experience in a distribution or logistics environment, including hiring, training, development, discipline and evaluation of employees. * Must possess strong oral and written communication skills. Able to read, write and speak English. * Excellent interpersonal skills and be understanding of people and their problems.   Able to handle all employee issues in a professional and confidential manner. * Able to use and operate all warehouse and office equipment including forklifts, stand-up reach trucks, walk-riders, wrapping machine, pallet jacks, 10-key calculator, copy machine, fax machine, printer and phone.  * Working knowledge and comfortable operating computers, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint and UPS. * Knowledge of federal, state and local laws and regulations, including Department of Transportation regulations.  * Must be flexible, able to adapt to a changing work environment and able to work overtime as needed.  * Must be an excellent problem-solver, have strong attention to detail and organized. * Able to handle and resolve problems or employee questions after business hours.  * Able to travel overnight when business necessitates.  * Able to perform the physical requirements of the warehouse and delivery positions.   *Benefits Offered* We offer the following benefits to our Assistant Operations Manager:  insurance (medical, dental, vision and life for employee, spouse and children), flexible spending plan, short term disability, long term disability, 401K with company match, paid time off starting at 3 months of employment, paid holidays, casual dress environment and product discounts.  EOE  *About Us* General Pet Supply is a pet food and pet supply distributor.  We are a family owned business, and have been committed to providing quality, service and value since 1959, as well as providing superior customer service to our customers.     Our Dayton, OH operation is seeking a daytime Assistant Operations Manager to assist with daily warehouse and delivery operations.  Work hours will be Monday – Friday from 10:00am – 7:00pm with overtime as needed.       *If you are looking for a stable company to work for and have the qualifications we are looking for please apply for this Assistant Operations Manager position.*






supervising-job full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed