TJFACT is a small business government contractor that provides various professional services to the U.S. Government.     TJFACT is currently looking to hire a full time Lab Social Media Research Analyst to support the Navy at Circle Monterey, CA.    The Defense Analysis (DA) department’s CORE Lab, at the Naval Postgraduate School (NPS), has an immediate requirement for contractual services from an experienced analyst with microblog analysis, network visualizations and computer programing skills.    The contractor shall apply social network analysis (SNA) properties and methodologies to the analysis to include sentiment analysis, or opinion mining, of open source public multi-lingual microblogs for both information and to identify trending topics and sentiment polarity.    Anticipated travel includes Monterey, CA to Washington, DC.    The contractor shall perform the following tasks as follows:  -Conduct research on open source microblogs in order to visualize this information and apply social network analysis properties.  -Collect information from public micro blogs by hashtag (#), username or keyword searches.  -Use open source software to visualize this information as a network using ORA, Pajek, UCINET, Palantir to name a few.  -Apply social network analysis properties to microblog data.  -Research and conduct sentiment analysis of multi-lingual microblogs to determine the attitudes of the bloggers (i.e. positive, negative, happy, sad, angry etc).  -Update DTNA open source code for bugs and or fixes to include recommended improvements to current functionality of DTNA.  -Provide technical assistance to faculty in developing course materials on microblog analysis for CORE Lab courses.      The contractor must meet all of the minimum requirements listed below.  • Master’s degree required, Information Science preferably with an emphasis in Social Network Analysis, Data Mining, Data Visualization, Geoinformatics, Parallel and Distributed Programming.  • Minimum 2 years’ experience in the development of graduate academic course material.  • Must have background in analyzing social network data as well as geospatial, temporal, and standard statistical analysis of large datasets.  • Knowledge of ORA, Pajek, UCINET and Palantir is preferred.  • Programing experience using Google Map API, Google Android, JAVA, Java Script, MPI, OPEN MPI, D3.js, Gephi, R, ggp;lot2, Python, C++, VB .NET, AJAX, SVG, HTML, MySQL, ArcGIS, Windows, MAC OS X, to name a few.  • Experience visualizing and analyzing information from various social media APIs geospatially, semantically, temporally, and as a social network.  • Experience with extracting communities from large social network graphs.  • Strong organizational and writing skills.






full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed ms-or-phd-needed