Senior/Principal Software Engineer   Zynga was founded in 2007 with the vision that play would become one of the core activities on the Internet. We pioneered social games with the belief that if we could make games simple, accessible and social the world would start playing. We are excited that games have grown to become the second most popular activity by time spent, even surpassing email. We are committed to developing high quality casual and multi-player games!   Zynga’s Casual Arcade team is a fast growing team located in SF. We are looking for best-of-the-class senior software engineers to join our team. This position will work with a team of talented software engineers to deliver world class games in the casual arcade genre. Are you ready to be a key contributor to Zynga’s Growth? Come and join us! Responsibilities: • Development of key client and backend game systems. • Contribute to technical discussions and key technical decisions. • Help on performance monitoring, tuning and optimization. • Problem solver of key technical issues. • Play an important role in improving team's technical depth and efficiency. • Largely self-directed with the ability to provide direction to individuals or small teams  Required qualifications for candidates  • 4+ yeas of professional software development experience, expert in Action Script and Java Script • Ability to effectively break down multi-day objectives into tasks • Strong analytical and technical problem solving skills, with a flair for business impact • Excellent teamwork skills; ability to identify and solve key problems creatively with minimal guidance. • Good verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills. • BS/MS/PhD in Computer Science or equivalent. • At least 2 years using PHP, Javascript and/or Ruby on Rails, Python, Perl, Java, ActionScript, C++ • Experience with mobile software development (iOS and/or Android) • Facebook and/or other social platform experience






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed