Hi there. We’re a new agency, on the move and on the way up. But not without help, which is where you come in. First things first: we’re an agency that does things a little differently. We’re a team of big agency runaways working to build something meaningful every single day. One of our biggest differentiators is that while we do traditional PR really well, we place equal emphasis on new school PR. So while we still pitch so-called traditional media and do the foundational comms work (op-eds, speaker bureaus, proactive media, etc.), we also create social media content, develop apps, websites, and in general, big ideas for today’s media landscape that are right for the times, the client and consumer.  The position will be a split between the aforementioned traditional PR work and new school PR, mostly working on two global, killer brands – Logitech and MAC AIDS Fund. We want someone who nails a big hit and seeks a high-five right away. Someone who actually enjoys writing blog posts, enjoys stopping by media mixers and is down for client/office happy hours (the last part shouldn’t be too hard to find).  We opened our doors in April and have grown into a team of 10 people, with a killer culture and eyes on global domination. We don’t have any red tape to speak of, though we do have some black electrical tape (mainly the free throw line of our basketball hoop). Check out the fine print below, and hit us up if you’re ready to try something different.  *Qualifications* *1-4 years of experience working in public relations. *Strong knowledge of public relations activities, planning and strategy with the ability to: _*Write and edit press releases, media materials and pitches_ _*Research and create targeted media lists_ _*Develop creative story angles and persuasive pitches to attract and secure the interest of target influencers (e.g. journalists, social media influencers, bloggers, etc.)_ _*Monitor and track media coverage for client reporting_ *Exceptional written and oral communications skills with keen understanding of AP style. *Interest in and ability to develop consumer-facing social media content. *Support the development of new business proposals and pitches, including creative idea development and extensive market and social media research. *Conduct social media listening and reporting - monitoring online discussions and translating findings into recommendations for clients as well as digging into social media metrics for reporting. *Positive can-do attitude and willingness to go the extra mile to secure the best possible outcome. *Ability to work independently and prioritize tasks to meet stated deadlines. *A personality that thrives with a somewhat schizophrenic culture – sometimes super low-key start-up, sometimes a surprisingly formal and buttoned up affair. *Crazy competitive, but not with work colleagues (we’re all in this together). *Have a life outside of work. A natural POV that makes you interesting, and therefore, your work interesting too.






1-year-experience-needed