*Pop the Top on Your Potential* at Cott Beverages in Tampa, FL!   Do you have the unique ability to lead supply chain process transformation and ongoing process improvement initiatives using Lean, Six Sigma, and Project Management subject matter expertise? Our Continuous Improvement Manager will partner with Supply Chain Leaders and management to achieve operational excellence in quality and productivity at a $2B consumer packaged goods company.   *Job Requirements* Successful candidates must be able to build relations and manage change, while providing leadership in the development of business process transformation vision and strategies.     *Company Overview* Cott is one of the world’s largest producers of beverages on behalf of retailers, brand owners and distributors. Cott produces multiple types of beverages in a variety of packaging formats and sizes, including carbonated soft drinks, 100% shelf stable juice and juice-based products, clear, still and sparkling flavored waters, energy products, new age beverages, and ready-to-drink teas, as well as alcoholic beverages for brand owners. Cott’s large manufacturing footprint, substantial research and development capability and high-level of quality and customer service enables Cott to offer its customers a strong value-added proposition of low cost, high quality products. With approximately 4,000 employees, Cott operates manufacturing facilities in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and Mexico. Cott also develops and manufactures beverage concentrates which it exports to over 60 countries around the world.   Cott was built with an entrepreneurial spirit that continues today. Our Performance Ownership Process (POP) drives us to do our best work in our culture of ownership. Our culture is driven by associates who embrace initiative & accountability, problem solving, self-awareness and empowerment. We are guided by a management team with a relentless focus on being the retailer’s best partner, being the low cost producer, and driving innovation. We seek to increase our share of the retailer brand segment by differentiating ourselves through being first in quality, innovation, execution and value.   In the United States we market or supply more than 200 retailer and licensed brands of beverages in 20 manufacturing facilities. Around the world, consumers also enjoy our company-owned brands, which include Cott, RC, Vintage, Vess, Stars & Stripes, Ben Shaws, Carters, Red Rooster, Red Rain, So Clear, Golden Crown, Clear Choice and Chadwick Bay.






