Supply Chain - Continuous Improvement Manager   Cott Beverages – Western Region - CA, WA, UT, TX and MO. Will be based out of CA, TX or MO.   Are you able to drive change within an organization? Do you want to OWN IT! Then we are LOOKING FOR YOU!   We are currently looking for a Continuous Improvement Manager to support our West Coast Facilities.   Lead Supply Chain process transformation and ongoing process improvement initiatives using Lean, Six Sigma, and Project Management subject matter expertise.   Specific: • Provide the knowledge, leadership and experience necessary to lead Supply Chain process improvement, waste elimination, and transformation.  • Assess Supply Chain activities and identify opportunities to make improvements. • Lead and drive business transformation initiatives, waste elimination initiatives, and ongoing process improvement in the Supply Chain processes. • Properly engage, collaborate and influence all functions in process transformation efforts to ensure the Supply Chain process improvement strategy is understood, and sufficiently supported by the appropriate stakeholders. • Work with local Supply Chain teams to develop their capability to sustain new and improved processes. • Drive standard processes and sharing where it makes sense for the business. • Work with Supply Chain Departments to develop, oversee and support the implementation of customer focused high impact cost saving initiatives.  • Train and share knowledge with Supply Chain teams to enable them to develop business transformation capabilities. • Co-own responsibility for improving business performance through the use of key business metrics. • Provide change management leadership to ensure we achieve and sustain our targeted performance levels. • Model, lead and coach people on the culture change necessary to support and sustain business process transformation.   Requirements:  • Previous experience in Beverage (Hot/Cold Filled) manufacturing environment. • Proven ability with success to be an outstanding coach and leader. • Six to eight (6-8) years of applied professional experience working in manufacturing, process engineering or technical project development. • Strong working knowledge in the various principles and practices of the SGC WCM program which include focused improvement, TPM (autonomous maintenance, professional maintenance and early equipment management), quality and process control including Statistical Process Control (SPC), 5S, standardized work and other WCM / Lean principles. • Proven success in managing significant changes. • Ability to provide leadership and innovation at all levels of the organization. • Change management and conflict management skills. • Strong influencer and communicator. • Results driven, flexible and open-minded with good written and oral communication.






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed