The Workforce1 Career Center (WF1CC) system operates in coordination with the NYC Department of Small Business Services (SBS) and the New York State Department of Labor (DOL) to attracts, prepares, and connects qualified candidates to job opportunities in New York City. By using a combination of recruitment expertise, industry knowledge, and skill-building services that strengthen candidates’ employment prospects, Workforce1 makes strong matches for job candidates and businesses alike. WF1CCs require the attention of professionals who are able to support major change initiatives, as well as ensure the success of a demand-driven system.  The Expansion Center Account Manager serves as the point person for jobseeker recruitment and placement.  He or she is responsible for sourcing, screening, and matching jobseekers with open job orders in the most efficient manner possible.  As a member of the Expansion Center Staff, the Account Manager works closely with the Expansion Center team in order to promote a business-driven model for job placement.  He or she also works with SBS staff and other stakeholders to ensure effective implementation of programs and policies that directly impact fulfillment team work and/or general center operations.  This position reports to the Senior Account Manager.   RESPONSIBILITIES:  1. Implement recruitment strategy and execute it in collaboration with the rest of the Expansion Center (and vendor leadership) team • Discuss open job orders with all staff on a daily basis • Work with the Senior Account Manager and the vendor leadership to identify operational challenges and implement process improvements  2. Evaluates applicants by discussing job requirements and applicant qualifications with managers; interviewing applicants on consistent set of qualifications. 3. Lead the creation of a recruiting and interviewing plan for each open position. 4. Efficiently and effectively fill open positions within specified timeframes. 5. Develop a pool of qualified candidates in advance of hiring need. 6. Research and recommend new sources for active and passive candidate recruiting. 7. Build networks to find qualified passive candidates  8. Ensure fulfillment account management services operate smoothly and in accordance with meeting business hiring needs • Collaborate with other centers in developing strategies to fulfill open job orders across the WF1CC system. • Conduct labor market research and follow industry trends in order to develop expertise in certain sectors • Participate in activities coordinated by SBS including training, capacity building, and professional development • Monitor the recording of service delivery related to placement and analyze Worksource1 data (with the assistance of Lead Account Manager) in order to ensure that the Express Center is on track to meet goals   9. Deliver jobseeker focused trainings and presentations in a clear, effective, and customer friendly manner • Develop occupational expertise in key occupations in order to ensure the knowledgeable delivery of occupation specific trainings • Facilitate workshops that include, but are not limited to, resume development, interview preparation, and email basics  • Facilate Introduction to Services presentation as necesassary    10. Additional duties as necessary to support the successful rollout of the Workforce1 Expansion Initiative • The Account Manager may be asked to support Office Managers and the greater Expansion Center team by performing certain administrative duties when necessary  RECOMMENDED QUALIFICATIONS:  • A baccalaureate degree from an accredited college in business or a related field is required; a Masters degree or requisite experience is preferred • A demonstrated ability to thrive in environments with multiple stakeholders, frequent change, and diverse objectives • Excellent presentation/public speaking skills • Excellent communication, analytical, and interpersonal skills • Proficiency in Microsoft Office  Email cover letter and resume. Resumes without a cover letter will not be considered.






bs-degree-needed supervising-job