This is a rare opportunity to join one of the most highly respected bridal shops in the country located in one of the most desirable places to live in the country.   Please do not respond if you do not have genuine passion and enthusiasm for the bridal industry, and 2-3 years successful retail bridal sales or retail bridal store management experience. Applications without a cover letter specific to this opportunity will not be considered.  We are searching for an experienced bridal/luxury store manager due to the exceptional growth our business has experienced in the last few years and where the business will be going in the next few years. We are looking for a driven manager to shape, improve, lead, manage and motivate a group of already exceptional professionals and take their performance to the next level. The ideal candidate compliments and supports our enthusiastic, supportive, educational, and positive environment and customer service based culture.    This position will be the right hand of the owner, and is expected to be groomed for long term management of the business.  The successful candidate will be an active participant in business decisions and in the Colorado bridal community, and will have the opportunity to travel to New York and elsewhere for bridal market to shape and cultivate the direction of the business.  If you have an outgoing and warm personality, have a strong work ethic, and want an incredible professional opportunity in a dynamic community where people dream of living, then Little White Dress in Denver could be the perfect opportunity for you.  EMPLOYEE BENEFITS: Exceptional performance based income potential Employer Supported Health insurance Paid vacation  401K retirement savings program Relocation support possible for the right candidate Extensive investment in employee training program and encouraged career building Supportive, enthusiastic, positive work environment Free underground parking garage Great location in popular central Denver, Highlands neighborhood Smoke free work environment  If you feel you are qualified please respond with an up to date resume and cover letter. The cover letter should specifically address and describe your relevant experiences and education that would contribute to your success in this position. Applications without a cover letter specific to this opportunity will not be considered.






supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed