Description  As Clinical Supervisor of Home Care for a growing home care company, this position will be responsible for the planning, coordinating and delivery of quality skilled services. Responsible for the orientation and continuous supervision of direct care staff. Responsible for efficient and effective utilization management in accordance with client needs, physician orders and payor requirements. Assures current and accurate clinical records. Plans and assures adherence to budgetary guidelines.  Provides feedback to staff about their performance and monitors quality indicators. Supervises both the direct care providers and service for the team. Supports recruitment of clinical staff by interviewing candidates for clinical care positions including home health aides, nurses, and therapists. Recommend candidates to be selected for open positions.  Orients newly hired clinical staff; assists in training other content as required. Communicates agency policy and procedure to clinical staff. Communicates regarding case management with staff members, physicians and referral sources. Reviews documentation, OASIS and coding, performs and documents in-home supervisory visits. Monitors OBQI and OBQM indicators, coordinating communication of agency results to care giving staff. Maintains open lines of communication with all members of the healthcare team. Performs and documents intermittent skilled nursing visits as needed.  Performs and documents intermittent skilled nursing visits as needed. Supervises patient care schedules to ensure continuity and quality. Supervises employee schedules to ensure productivity and accuracy and authorizes payroll. Primarily works in an office environment with ability to work work in patient homes.  Requirements: Current unencumbered State professional nurse license Previous experience coducting OASIS review and audit of charts, coding exp preferred Three years current supervisory or leadership experience in a home care agency. Prior experience in a certified home care agency is required. Current drivers license with good driving history and proof of auto insurance. Competent clinical leadership skills. Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Be able to read, write and comprehend English. Ability to assess patient needs and formulate individualized patient care plans to meet those needs. Proficient in personal computer use, including clinical, word processing, spreadsheet and presentation software.






supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed licence-needed