RyanSharkey, LLP, one of the leading accounting and consulting firms in the Washington region, provides opportunities for our people and delivers the foremost accounting, audit, tax and consulting services for our clients. The firm’s professionals provide personalized insight and forward-thinking solutions that are strategically aligned with our clients’ specific goals.     •Plan, lead, and execute engagements for audits of financial statements and employee benefit plans.  •Lead financial advisory and consulting service engagements with a particular emphasis on matters related to financial reporting and financial operations.  •Work directly with the firm’s leadership to support the many operational elements of the firm’s growingassurance services, including thought leadership, quality control, training and development, camand experienced hire recruiting, and collaboration with others in the profession through the firm’s  alliance with BDO LLP.  •Ensure delivery of exceptional client service by delivering the highest quality results and deliverables, providing forwarding thinking advice and suggestions on relevant matters in a manner that is timely and straight-forward.    •Strengthen existing client relationships and develop new business opportunities by participating in strategic business development initiatives, providing thought leadership in our areas of expertise, building or strengthening relationships with key participants and organizations in the industries in which our clients and prospects operate.      Skills and Experience    •2 years experience as an Financial Reporting Consulting Manager.   •Minimum of 7 years experience working in external audit in public accounting or a combination of  corporate and public accounting experience.  •Excellent analytical abilities and expertise with generally accepted accounting principles.  •Ability and passion for developing the professional skills of our people.  •Ability to manage multiple engagements in a fast paced environment.  •Perform effectively in a team environment with all levels of client personnel supporting various industries.  •Bachelors degree in Accounting or related field.  CPA certification required.  •Excellent written and verbal communications as well as proficient collaboration skills.  •Proven leadership and business development skills.    RyanSharkey, LLP is an Affirmative Action / Equal Opportunity Employer






5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed