We are looking for a highly motivated and enthusiastic person to manage one of our B2B inside sales accounts territories. You will find a fun and youthful environment where you can gain sales experience in a technical field. No sales experience necessary. While Sales is a highly competitive career, you will find support and camaraderie among your fellow employees. You will also be the front line for the Research and Development department. Your feedback from customers will directly influence product development. We help businesses operate more efficiently and profitably by going above and beyond what our competitors do or are willing to do, and often arrive at unique solutions for common issues in the field. This is a full time position, with a base salary plus numerous bonus and commission opportunities. A 4 year degree is desired or comparable work experience. We are Veteran friendly organization and recognize military experience.    Details:    • NA Trading and Technology has been supplying copier dealers with consumable copier parts and supplies for over 30 years. Our niche is in providing our customers the best overall value in the industry.   • The candidate that best suits our needs must be confident speaking on the phone, organized, detail oriented and has a positive attitude.   • Sales accounts are established territories of approximately 350 accounts with many buying customers as well as non-buying potential customers. Success is largely based on the sales person’s ability to form a long-term partnership with our customer to ensure a continuing business relationship.   • Hours are typically 45-50 hours per week, 7:30-5:30 Monday through Friday. Travel opportunities within the continental U.S. may be taken to grow your sales territory on a quarterly basis after establishing yourself for a period of 1 year.  • One week of training is provided immediately and on an as needed basis for review following the initial week. There will be many opportunities to take advantage of our other training resources, including but not limited to; Classes at the Dale Carnegie Training Center, Cahners Tracom Group and many self-study resources provided to you.   • Benefits are offered and include but are not limited to: Medical and Dental insurance, 401K, and Profit-sharing.    Learn more about NA Trading and Technology at: www.example.com






salary full-time-job bs-degree-needed