Looking for a full time bartender.  Must have experience.  Must have a fairly open availablity.  Willing to be cross trained as a server during a staffing shortage situation.   - Must meet the state’s minimum serving age for alcoholic beverages - Capable of mixing drinks according to the establishment’s specified recipes - Capable of cutting fruit into slices to be used as garnishes - Understand alcohol safety procedures to prevent over-intoxication - Knowledge of basic bar terminology - Able to properly handle intoxicated patrons according to the establishments set guidelines - Understands state’s laws for required identification prior to serving alcoholic beverages - Knowledge of basic arithmetic and monetary mathematics - Capable of standing for several hours at a time - Be capabable of pouring and serving drinks such as beer and wine - Clean bar top, countertops, tables, and other surfaces - Manage purchases of alcohol using point of sale software and cash register - Describe and serve dishes from the establishment’s food menu - Clean bar tools, glassware, utensils and equipment - Open and close down bartending station - Organize liquor according to bar’s standards - Manage activities of barback and food runners - Limit the liability of drunken patrons by managing excess serving of alcohol and taking steps to prevent customers from excessive intoxication and drunk driving - Calling taxis and arranging transportation for intoxicated customers - Take inventory of supplies and products including alcohols and mixes     The Blackthorn Grille is a traditional Irish Pub focusing on gourmet meals and a wide selection of top-quality wines and beers.   You will find the finest quality in every detail at the Blackthorn Grille. From our Executive Chef to the tenured bar staff, we have created the ideal atmosphere to enjoy a meal or share a bit of drink.   Featuring culinary delights inspired from all around the globe, Blackthorn Grille is a delightful place to dine. Whether it's a quick lunch or a relaxing dinner, you will find the food prepared by our Executive Chef pleasing to all the senses.   We have received many accolades for the high quality of the food and the amazing atmosphere. Featuring an extensive wine and drink menu, Blackthorn Grille is an excellent place to enjoy some libations with friends and family.   We have entertainment most every night of the week, including Karaoke Wednesdays, and a variety of live acts on Fridays and Saturdays. Come experience our slogan of \"100,000 Welcomes\"  If interested please email or call   Rob Robinson General Manager Blackthorn Grille  XXX 






full-time-job