Great Northwest is looking for a subrogation collector/bill review auditor in their St. Paul, MN office.  This is a fantastic opportunity to work with a small insurance company and see your performance immediately affect the bottom line.      *Subrogation Collector/Bill Review Auditor*  •Analyze all files where subrogation is indicated and determines whether or not subrogation is feasible.  Refers file back to Quality Control rep where investigation is lacking or additional information is needed.  •Discusses liability with at fault carriers and negotiates final settlement  •Sends demand packets with supporting documents to at fault carriers, individuals, probation departments and subrogation attorneys.  •Handles all incoming mail relating to claims inventory  •Settles disputes with at fault carriers where they accept liability, but feel Great Northwest paid too much.  •Collects back deductibles and out of pocket expenses from at fault carriers for our insured’s  •Proactively keeps the UCM in the loop on the subrogation status  •Maintains records regarding recoveries indicating the amount of money collected the time frames and types of claims against other insurance carriers, individuals, probation departments and subrogation attorneys.  •Reviews all Independent Adjuster fee bills against our internal fee schedule.  Negotiate the final payment if a bill falls outside of the parameter of the fee schedule.  •Maintain open and effective lines of communication with all Company personnel regarding collection status.    *Required Skills*  •Previous subrogation collection or P&C Claims experience a must  •Must have the ability to perform in a high volume work environment and a proven high level of performance and achievement.  •Must possess strong verbal and written communication skills, strong computer/automation skills and strong customer service skills.  •Time management and organizational skills to effectively meet daily production goals  •Critical thinking and the ability to make timely, independent decisions based on pertinent facts  •High energy and flexibility in a fast paced and constant evolving team environment  •Monday- Friday 7:30 AM-4:30 PM, benefits included.  Location St. Paul, MN no relocation  






full-time-job