Core Molding Technologies, a leading producer and compression molder of Sheet Molding Compound (\"SMC\") for the manufacture of fiberglass reinforced parts for the heavy truck industry, is seeking an accomplished and results oriented Production Manager.  Our ideal candidate will have a progressive track record of leadership in contract manufacturing and be responsible for scheduling and production of a 250-employee three-shift operation.  Duties and Responsibilities: • Manage plant operations and processes with respect to cost, customer service, safety, first run yield, scrap, rework, and quality • Accountable for achievement of plant performance objectives to include delivery, productivity, and quality • Monitor operations expenditures and budget • Ensure compliance with business plan, specifically direct and indirect labor, inventory, capital spending, and employee development • Responsible for development of first line supervisors and production employees • Lead continuous improvement initiatives in the manufacturing area  Required Background: 1. Bachelors' degree, preferably in business, logistics or operations management  2. At least 7 years of progressive leadership experience in a manufacturing environment  Required Skills and Experience 1. Hands on approach to leadership, team building, and coaching 2. At least 5 years of supervisory experience, preferably in a union environment 3. Track record of success implementing and sustaining continuous quality improvement 4. Expertise with Lean Manufacturing,  Process Controls, and Quality Systems, specifically TS 16949 5. Outstanding problem solving and decision making ability 6. Priority development through the effective use of data 7. Disciplined approach to process and systems development 8. Excellent verbal and written communication skills 9. High energy level and strong work ethic 10. Proficiency with Microsoft Excel and ERP systems Desired traits: 1. Strong business acumen 2. Familiarity with SMC and compression molding 3. Demonstrated success turning around underperforming work units 4. Hands on approach to process improvement 5. Strong data analysis skills  Core Molding is proud to offer a highly competitive compensation and benefits package to include profit sharing and a funded 401k.






bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed