Job Title:  Refrigeration Technician  Company Name and Address:  Elvaria LLC 309 Lansdowne Rd. Fredericksburg, VA 22401  Company Information:  Elvaria is a leading manufacturer of frozen yogurt machines and soft service ice cream machines. Evlaria’s unique machine design and durable construction, coupled with a highly efficient direct-to-consumer sales and support model, allows Elvaria to deliver equipment at half the cost of its competitors. Based in Fredericksburg, Virginia and founded in 2010, Elvaria’s frozen yogurt machines are now operating in over 40 states and six countries.  Job Description:  Elvaria is seeking a Refrigeration Technician to work in our Fredericksburg VA warehouse facility.  This is an excellent opportunity for a self-motivated individual with a strong work ethic to join a quickly growing company that will offer advancement opportunities. As the Elvaria Refrigeration Technician, you will assist in light finishing assembly work, machine testing, and ice cream machine troubleshooting and repair. Because most of our customers are outside the area, much of our customer support work is done over the phone. The Refrigeration Technician must have a good personality, a customer-service mindset, and excellent phone skills. In addition, the position requires basic warehousing duties including packing and unpacking machines, and loading machines using a forklift.  Required Skills and Experience:  • At least two years of experience with refrigeration equipment • Ability to troubleshoot, diagnose, and repair refrigeration equipment • A valid driver’s license and clean driving record • A high school diploma or equivalent • Ability to lift 50 pounds • Excellent communication and phone skills; ability to explain technical topics to non-technical people • Drug free with no felony convictions and able to pass a background check • Basic office computer skills  Desired Skills and Experience: • EPA certification • Vocational Degree and/or certification in mechanical, refrigeration, or HVAC • Warehousing and forklift experience  This position requires the successful completion of a 90 day probationary period before an offer of full-time employment is granted.






2-4-years-experience-needed