Fast paced and growing information technology solution provider that delivers business enabling technology solutions to clients in the Boulder/Denver/Longmont area. We offer technology consulting, outsourced IT services, virtual CIO/CTO, managed services, virtualization, local and wide area network designs and implementations, networked systems support, hardware and software sales, outsourced help desk services, disaster recovery planning and cloud hosting solutions.   *POSITION SUMMARY* We are seeking a sales professional selling technology services into the SMB market (20-100 employees) in the Boulder/Denver/Longmont area. This position will focus primarily on our managed services and outsourced IT offering. The Business Development responsibilities include cold calling, prospecting, opportunity identification, customer relationship management, and direct sales to senior-level client executives. This is not a technical position but an understanding of the concepts of our services and the value they provide to our client base is critical.  This opportunity will go to the candidate that can demonstrate:  • Outgoing positive personality • Must be people-oriented, sales driven, and a team player • Ability to develop sales strategies • Desire to grow business through outside sales appointments • Consistently identify new sources of business • Maintain high productivity and standards • Strong negotiation and communication skills • Industry Knowledge: In-depth knowledge of Information Technology and relevant marketplace; can speak with authority, e.g., on industry trends, best practices, competitive practices.  *ESSENTIAL DUTIES and RESPONSIBILITIES* • Penetrate new SMB prospects  • Conduct presentations and consultative selling to executives and C-level customers  • Understand the technology and business needs of the SMB customer  • Propose and articulate technology solutions to the SMB customer • Consistently meet sales activities, pipeline and closing goals • Provide sales reports consistently, accurately and on-time  • Represent us in a highly professional manner • Develop and maintain list of end user reference accounts  Qualifications --  • Minimum 2 years Direct Sales experience • Proven track record of Sales and Business development • Excellent communication and presentation skills • Have a strong working knowledge of computer technology in a business environment • Have very strong Microsoft Word and Excel skills • Have Exceptional written and verbal communications skills • A minimum of two years (desired) of successful sales experience selling technology consulting, managed services, or network services to SMB clients.  • A proven track record in generating a pipeline of prospects, cultivating and managing through a sales cycle, and closing business.  • Strong prospecting, cold calling, lead generation, and client pursuit skills are essential to success in this role.  • Ability to effectively qualify prospects based upon buying criteria  • Previous experience penetrating SMB customers within the Boulder/Denver/Longmont area region to achieve strong, productive and lasting relationships.  • Quantifiable track record of achieving sales quotas  • Strong value-added solution selling skills with the ability to articulate ROI  • Goal oriented, self-motivated, enthusiastic, high energy  • Strong communication skills with the ability to translate complex technical concepts into business terms  • Organized with excellent verbal & written skills.  • Demonstrated success uncovering prospects technology pain points and mapping solutions to address pain points and achieve business goals.  • Strong skills in using and leveraging a sales CRM • Team player with excellent interpersonal skills  *READ THIS FIRST*  If you want to be considered for this great opportunity send us a resume and cover letter explaining to us why you are the best candidate we could ever find and how you fit against the qualifications and requirements described above. And, we're not kidding about needing a cover letter! We need to hear your voice, your perspective on why this career opportunity is a good match for you. We are passionate about finding the right individual for each and every position, so thanks for taking the extra time to convey your message!






2-4-years-experience-needed