*TO APPLY VISIT www.example.com. AN APPLICATION IS REQUIRED.*    CITY OF WINTER GARDEN  Classification Description  Job Code: 532  Pay Level: 108  CLASSIFICATION TITLE:Collection Field Technician II   FLSA Status: N  DEPARTMENT: Public Services  Union Status: N/A    SERVICE PHILOSOPHY  “We make every customer feel important and cared for, find creative solutions with a can-do attitude, and follow the Winter Garden Way.”    SERVICE STANDARDS  Ownership * Responsive * Respectful * Professional  Provide service delivery that will create service wins for both our internal and external customers.    WORK OBJECTIVE    Performs physical work involving skills acquired by experience or on-the-job instruction within the collection and distribution divisions.  This work requires more than usual physical strength and endurance.  Employee works under supervision and is assigned work orally and/or in writing. Work product is inspected frequently.  Performs basic equipment operation, ensuring adherence to proper operating and safety standards.  Employees perform tasks as outlined herein according to the division of assignment.    ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS    The list of essential functions is intended to be representative of the work performed.  It is not necessarily descriptive of any one position in the class.  The omission of an essential function does not preclude management from assigning duties not listed if such duties are a logical assignment to the position.    *Maintains grounds of City property, performing any combination of the following tasks: sprays and trims foliage, clears brush, mows and trims grass and weeds, plants trees and bushes.  * Removes debris, trash and other refuse from grounds.  * Repairs and cleans designated work area, tools and equipment.  * Assists field crews and trades workers in various tasks. Mixes concrete and assists equipment operators in routine maintenance of equipment.  * Digs ditches and assembles sand bags.  * Installs traffic devices, erects barricades and assists in patching roads.  * Removes, installs and repairs various types of water/sewer pipes, hydrants, valves and appurtenances, working in trenches or excavations.  * Performs work in manholes and lift stations. Assists in maintaining valves, installing water meters and making taps. Works in confined spaces.  * Sets up and operates sewer cleaning equipment, cement mixers, pumps, compressors, generators and compactors.  * Loads and unloads heavy materials from trucks and vans. Moves or aids in moving heavy boxes, equipment and larger or bulky objects.  * May be required to locate, read and record readings from meters for regularly scheduled billing or for initial, final or verification purposes.  * May be required to be on call and to respond to emergency calls after normal working hours.    MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS    * High school diploma or GED certification preferred.   * Minimum of one year experience as a Field Technician I with possession of a valid FWPCOA Class C distribution/collection certificate.    * Possession of a valid Florida CDL Driver’s License Class B with air brake and tanker endorsements within 90 days.    Exceptions to the minimum qualifications must be reviewed by the Human Resources Director and approved by the City Manager prior to job offer.    KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES    * Knowledge of basic tools used in maintenance and construction work.   * Knowledge of the safe use and proper care of power tools and small power equipment.   * Knowledge of safety rules and regulations related to utilities maintenance operations.   * Ability to operate basic equipment and machinery, e.g., pumps, generators, compressors, grounds maintenance equipment.   * Ability to perform heavy manual labor for extended periods of time, occasionally in adverse weather conditions.   * Ability to establish and maintain effective work relationships with other employees.   * Ability to understand and follow verbal and basic written instructions.    PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS    Tasks involve the intermittent performance of physically demanding work, typically involving some combination of reaching, bending, stooping, kneeling or crouching, as well as the lifting, carrying, pushing and/or pulling of moderately heavy objects and materials (20–50 pounds). Requires intermittent lifting, carrying, pushing and/or pulling of heavier objects (80 pounds).    ENVIRONMENTAL REQUIREMENTS    Tasks are performed in outdoor environments. Due to the nature and location of the work environment, tasks include the potential for prolonged exposure to disagreeable elements, e.g., heat, humidity, inclement weather. Some tasks include working in and around moving vehicles and associated vehicle/equipment areas, where heightened awareness to surroundings and adherence to established safety precautions is essential to avoid injury and accidents.    The City of Winter Garden is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  In compliance with Equal Employment Opportunity guidelines and the Americans with Disabilities Act, the City of Winter Garden provides reasonable accommodation to qualified individuals with disabilities and encourages both prospective and current employees to discuss potential accommodations with the employer.     *TO APPLY VISIT www.example.com. AN APPLICATION IS REQUIRED.*






1-year-experience-needed