Job Summary:  Describes the general purpose of the job or why the job exists. Receives guests orders via phone, fax or in person records the necessary info and follows up.  Assists catering coordinator in developing specific goals/strategies to achieve catering budget. Suggests hot and cold food selections for guest consumption according to food division and health dept standards. Break down product loads and organizing the backroom and walk-in boxes. Conditioning department through proper sanitation. Completing general kitchen and buffet tasks. Assisting guests with product information and or services.  Job Accountabilities:  List the principle on-going responsibilities that are necessary to accomplish the purpose of the job. • Responsible for achieving catering budget • Establishes and maintains effective and profitable relationships with customers • Receives orders for bookings on special orders/catering / off site catering and deliveries • Maintains logs on all booking and keeps logs up to date    • Trains and monitors hosts involved on catering  and in room functions • Thorough knowledge of property, space, capacities, food style and menus • Keeps up on industry trends and seeks creative ways to infiltrate markets • Act as conduit between departments to achieve maximum guest satisfaction. Maintains accurate and thorough notes /traces for all orders • Review update and make changes to catering menus/packages as needed. • Assist in creating appropriate sales collateral tools for dept to maximize revenue • Assists with additional reports/requests from Director of Food Service • Maintains a regular cleaning and sanitation program in compliance with store, local and state health regulations. • Positive energy, greets guest by using company greeting and thanks guests for shopping at Henning’s.   • Keep a clean and safe working area. Free of debris or slipping hazards  • Good communication skills, positive non verbal communication and good posture.  • Provide memorable guest service. Use 10/5 rule, acknowledge every guest within 10 feet and greet every guest within 5 feet  • Manages difficult or emotional Customer situations. Responds informatively to questions     Non Essential Tasks: List the secondary responsibilities that are not the primary duties necessary to accomplish the purpose of the job. • Monitor inventory supplies and notify manager when orders are needed • Ability to read, write and properly tag product. • Help with tasks related to Food Service area • Has knowledge of Safety and emergency procedures • Plans and organizes work areas, assists in general housekeeping of the area.  • Performs other duties as required by Management. Abide by policies and procedures stated in handbook • Work varying schedules to reflect the business needs of the store • Performs other duties as required by Management ***To provide memorable service to our guests, our associates are called to perform other tasks other than major job functions listed above.  Job Qualifications:  Describe the background education and experiences necessary to perform essential job functions. Education    High school or equivalent. Combined experience /education as substitute for minimum education Experience Minimum experience: 12 months combined education /experience as substitute for minimum experience. Skills required Must have basic kitchen safety knowledge Must have strong communication skills and listening skills to provide memorable customer service Must have dexterity in hands to be able to scan/pack and type Must have the ability to measure ingredients correctly. Basic knowledge of kitchen equipment Must have ability to twist at waist, lift, bend, reach with frequency at least 20% of time during 8hrs shifts. Walking, stretching, repetitive hand and arm movements with frequent heavy lifting along with continuous customer interaction in a fast environment






1-year-experience-needed