*About the Organization:*   The Detroit Wayne/County Port Authority is a public authority founded in 1978 and charged with promoting trade and development throughout southeastern Michigan.  More specifically, the mission of the DWCPA is to advance programs and projects in the maritime domain that will enhance public awareness for the Port of Detroit, enhance tourism for the Great Lakes, and provide economic development, job creation, and investments through sustainable partnerships.  The DWCPA also operates a newly built Passenger Dock & Terminal facility in downtown Detroit which hosts a wide variety of marine traffic including cruise ships, naval craft, research vessels, excursion boats, and private yachts.    *About the Position:*    The DWCPA is seeking Facility Security Officer (FSO) to oversee building management and terminal operations at the Port Authority’s Public Dock and Terminal.   Primary duties include management of the Authority’s dock-side operations, specifically terminal logistics and the processing of passengers embarking and debarking from the DWCPA Passenger Dock and Terminal.  In addition the FSO will be responsible for ensuring the terminal facility remains in compliance with the DWCPA Facility Security Plan.  Other building management or administrative duties may be required from time to time.  Compensation will be in the range of $40,000 – 60,000 per year, commensurate with experience, in addition to a generous benefits package.  Free parking is provided.  Odd hours and weekend work may be required from time to time, subject to the needs of vessel and facility scheduling.  *Qualifications:*  The successful candidate will be driven, resourceful, and have the ability to manage operations effectively.  Applicants should have a minimum of 5 years related or applicable work experience.  Individuals with Coast Guard, Naval, or Merchant Marine background are especially encouraged to apply.  Knowledge or previous experience with port facility and/or security operations is highly desirable.     Applicants with a Bachelor’s Degree from an accredited institution are preferred.  Experience or knowledge of Coast Guard and MTSA regulations will also be favorably considered.  Applicants must have a valid TWIC card, or be able to successfully obtain a TWIC card within 3 months of their hire date.  Any final hiring decision will be subject to the results of a background check.  *How to Apply:*  Please submit resumes and a brief cover letter electronically under the subject line “Facility Security Officer”.  More information can be found at www.example.com






bs-degree-needed full-time-job salary