The Trustees is one of the largest owners of farmland in Massachusetts. We operate a growing number of mission-based engagement farms located across MA.  We sell our products to over 1200 member families through CSA shares at 5 of our farms located in the Metro Boston area.  Our operations include naturally raised vegetable crops, pastured beef, pork, lamb, poultry & eggs, and maple syrup.  We also operate one of the nation’s oldest dairy farms, which sells the milk, yogurt, and cheese we produce, through an on-site retail shop.    The goals of our farms are manifold.  We envision a farm program that will unite our farms around our farm program mission, and help us to maximize our impact and fully utilize our statewide investments in agriculture.  Our farm program vision & strategy is focused around four themes: sustainable stewardship, providing leadership in agriculture, increasing access and demand for local food, and exciting new audiences with our farms.   We work to reduce our carbon footprint and inspire greater resilience in the local food system. Our program will strive to leverage our farms in ways that grow a diverse member and donor base, while attracting new philanthropic support, and nurturing greater volunteer support.   The Farm Program Manager will report to the Agriculture Program Director, and will have direct managerial oversight of the farm staff covering a growing number of Mission driven non-profit farms located through out Massachusetts. In addition, the Farm Program Manager will work collaboratively with the Regional Directors, program leaders, operations staff, and others to implement our farm program vision and strategies.   Salary & Benefits:  The Farm Program Manager is a full-time, year round, exempt position. Starting salary is commensurate with experience. As a full time employee, the Farm Program Manager is eligible for benefits offered by The Trustees, including: medical insurance, disability and life insurance, our paid time off program, and our 401(k) retirement savings plan. View the full posting at: www.example.com    Location: Based in Eastern Massachusetts w/ statewide travel, USA  Success of the farm program is dependent on building a strong and unified team, working to build support across diverse internal and external audiences, and inspiring good volunteer management.  The Farm Program Manager will ensure that we exceed our goals for excellence at our farms.   He/she will provide supervisory leadership in sustainable farm business management and best management practices for sustainable stewardship.  This position will guide our farm operations, establishing measurable goals that are guided by detailed and up-to-date record keeping and sound financial & environmental oversight.  To Apply: Interested candidates should send a cover letter with resume and names/contact info for three references to Agriculture Program Director. No phone calls please.






full-time-job