Founded in 2001 by a practicing family physician, Amazing Charts.com, LLC provides Electronic Health Record (EHR) software and services to health care providers in solo and small sized practices. Our mission is to develop an amazing practice-based medical software solution that improves the lives of our clients and their patients. The Amazing Charts office is located in North Kingstown, RI, but this position has the flexibility to work in the DBC Pri-Med office located in the Back Bay in Boston and the Amazing Charts office in Rhode Island.    We are looking for an Inside Sales Manager with extensive experience and judgment to plan and accomplish sales goals to join our team! The person in this position will manage a team of Account Managers and Sales Implementation Specialists that contact partners through, but not limited to, phone calls, email, mailings, fax and seminars to communicate opportunities to extend initiatives with the company. This position will conduct selling efforts as needed; facilitate new processes, tools, communications, training and methodologies to ensure sales program’s success across teams and departments through the company. This position will also collaborate with marketing, support, community management, internal systems, product management and account management to facilitate new programs, messages, campaigns, and offerings. In addition, this position will facilitate programs to gather requirements and features for customers to augment sales, marketing, development, support, product management, and business and technology partnerships, and others as needed. Also, this person will identify revenue programs and facilitate finance, legal and sales practices, and  oversee resource planning, reporting, territories, incentives and communications for the assigned team.   Qualifications: The ideal candidate should have a bachelor's degree in a business or technical discipline or equivalent experience in related field with eight to ten years overall business experience. Knowledge/experience in the healthcare and/or medical software industries is highly desired but not required.  • Must possess demonstrated outstanding customer service skills. • Demonstrated experience in building and maintaining long term customer relationships. • Demonstrated verbal and written communication skills including the ability to communicate professionally with customers at all levels of management, company peers and Senior Director of Sales is required. • Experience selling EMR/EHR solutions is beneficial but not required. • A positive attitude and ability to demonstrate an unwavering commitment to customer satisfaction with the ability to prioritize and adapt quickly in a dynamic environment is critical. • Travel to meet clients/attend trade shows as warranted (including overnight travel as necessary). • Must be willing to work varied hours to support business hours nationwide.  To learn more about Amazing Charts please visit www.example.com.






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed