Founded in 2001 by a practicing family physician, Amazing Charts.com, LLC provides Electronic Health Record (EHR) software and services to health care providers in solo and small sized practices. Our mission is to develop an amazing practice-based medical software solution that improves the lives of our clients and their patients.   The Amazing Charts office is located in North Kingstown, RI, but this position has the flexibility to work in the DBC Pri-Med office located in the Back Bay in Boston and the Amazing Charts office in Rhode Island.    We are looking for a self-motivated Marketing Communications Specialist to join our team!  The ideal candidate will have strong skills in e-mail database marketing, and will create and execute e-mail campaigns that generate sales leads.   This position will ensure that the marketing message is conveyed clearly and delivered properly to prospects, create a database of e-mail addresses and opt-outs, include persuasive ‘call-to-actions’ in advertisements and promotions, track and analyze campaigns, and use statistical analysis and reports to create campaigns. In addition, this position will also develop and code the list segmentation for all direct and interactive marketing campaigns, and communicate requirements to the primary database vendor. This position will be involved with creating marketing and promotional materials, managing and ordering print collateral and other promotional material, overseeing logistics for external company events, contributing to the company’s social media presence, collaborating with suppliers, including graphic designers and web developers, and maintaining internal process and systems such as shared graphics/video marketing server, shared folders on Intranet, budget tracking documents, etc.   Qualifications: The ideal candidate should have a Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in area of specialty such as marketing, communications, journalism, etc. with three to five years of solid work experience in the Marketing Communications field on the agency-side or client-side. Experience in Healthcare / Health IT / Software industries preferred. • Strong written and verbal communication skills. Writing samples required.  • Outstanding knowledge of campaign measurement and associated nurturing techniques. • Fluency in direct marketing and email terminology. • Experience with Microsoft Office; (Word, Excel, PowerPoint); past experience with MailChimp and Exact Target email platforms preferred.   To learn more about Amazing Charts please visit www.example.com






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed