Irvine Scientific is a worldwide leader in the design, manufacture and distribution of medical devices, including Industrial Cell Culture, Cell Therapy, Cytogenetic, and Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART) products.  Irvine Scientific is a large scale producer of advanced cell culture media for the industrial bioprocess and diagnostic markets and has extensive experience in the design of culture media leading to significant improvement in biopharmaceutical yield.  The company also manufactures media for medical and stem cell applications.  Additional information can be found at www.example.com.     We are seeking a Product Manager for our Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART) business. This position is responsible for overseeing all marketing aspects of the marketing business and supports the Senior Product Manager with strategic and tactical assignments as needed.       Job Duties:  •Interacting with varying levels of internal and external personnel which will require direct customer communication, public presentation, and a team-focused approach.   •Supporting assigned product line(s).   •Communicating verbally and in writing Irvine Scientific’s product development and marketing plans, with a strong knowledge of the target market, market expectations, and requirements for developing, promoting and selling products to such market.   •Developing and managing a portfolio of on-market and new products.   •Planning, promoting, and executing sound sales and marketing campaigns to achieve forecasted sales in product portfolio assigned.   •Providing leadership and execution for products across the product line for Irvine Scientific.   •Developing marketing plans and market research, leading new product development teams, and managing inventory, pricing, customer communications and revenue forecasts.   •Serving as the internal expert for the product lines and providing strategic guidance and direction for the positioning of Irvine Scientifics’ products.  •Recommending product modifications or improvements based on market research, sales personnel and market feedback, process improvement and customer input.   •Tracking and analyzing product sales and trends, making recommendations on path forward to grow business and meeting business objectives.  •Creating, executing and tracking launch campaigns for new products.  •Creating materials for sales training and sales meetings. Carrying out assigned new product training; perform training in conjunction with R&D as appropriate for new staff, distributors, etc.  •Carrying out new product launch activities in assigned product areas (e.g., forecasting, press releases, direct mail, sales force and distributor training and related activities).  •Gathering competitive intelligence, evaluating the potential on Irvine Scientifics’ products,  implementing tactics to build competitive barriers.  •Providing technical support via email, telephone and customer visits.  •Implementing assigned tactics for assigned product areas (e.g., direct mail, advertising, trade shows, and related activities).  •Assisting in the development of product forecasting- planning, products to assure timely response to marketplace demands.  •Facilitating the day to day management of business initiatives in the appropriate markets.  •Marketing of product line to assure that business objectives are met.    Education/Experience:  •BA/BS degree in Biology, Chemistry, life sciences, or Marketing. MBA preferred.  •Technical background and/or marketing experience appropriate to the specific needs of the product line.   •Minimum 3-5 years of experience in a position in a marketing and sales environment.  •Supervisory experience preferred.  •Strong business and customer focus are essential.   •Must have proven ability to build relationships and guide teams which include representatives from multiple functional areas, including R&D, Sales, Program Management, and Manufacturing.  •CRM experience a plus.  •Attending and working tradeshows.  •Knowledge of sales and marketing principals and a technical background.  •Proficient in MS Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook.  •Must have excellent communication skills including oral, written and presentation techniques.    To apply:  Please send resume with salary history.  Please put PM, ART 111913 in the subject line.    Irvine Scientific is an equal opportunity employer.






2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed salary