Voted #1 for twelve consecutive years in the family buffet and grill segment.  Associate General Manager / Kitchen Manager  *Experience the best of both worlds:* Big-name brand recognition within a small-company setting. We are unique, because we recognize the brand is only as good as the people we put in charge of it.  This is your chance to build a truly unique and promising career, one where your ideas will be heard and your skills maximized. Join our chain of privately owned Golden Corral restaurants, and you'll receive the attention that comes with a popular, highly visible brand name as well as the potential to develop your skills, friendly atmosphere, and personal attention of a smaller corporate structure.  Become part of our team, and succeed as our new:  ASSOCIATE GENERAL MANAGER/KITCHEN MANAGER  Mesa, AZ location  Income:  $55,000-$65,000 after initial training   *Responsibilities*  Using proven, successful Golden Corral products, recipes, procedures, and processes, you will be in charge of food production and back-of-house operations to achieve optimal results for food quality and cleanliness. As a vital member of our restaurant operations management team, you will assist in the management of  the restaurant's overall operations (food quality, production, safety, and labor) in the absence of the general manager, kitchen manager and hospitality manager. In addition, you will be expected to:  * Perform task sequencing and completion of complex administrative tasks.  * Successfully interact with our guests on a regular basis.  * Stand and walk for 2-5 hours without a break.  * Occasionally travel for training and operations meetings.  *Job Requirements*  The professional we select for this role will possess a strong, stable work history, including management experience in the restaurant industry, preferably casual dining, buffet or family style.     Additional credentials include: •Must have *minimum of 5 years restaurant experience.* •Ability to successfully complete Golden Corral's comprehensive management training program. •A shared appreciation for our passion for serving our guests to ensure the highest levels of excellence and satisfaction with our dining experience.  * Local candidates are preferred.  Rewards  In addition to a smaller setting where you can freely express your ideas and contribute to our success, we offer a competitive salary/bonus ($55,000-$65,000 annualized) and comprehensive benefits, including contributions to your medical insurance, dental available, 401(k), a five-day workweek, paid vacation and continual training and development throughout your career.  Learn more and apply  Discover the place where your passion for excellence is recognized and rewarded: Golden Corral.   There's no place like Golden Corral... for a great career. Golden Corral has quite a reputation to live up to, and we enjoy meeting the challenge. When our first restaurant opened in 1973, we began a tradition of partnering great tasting food with friendly service for the best value. It's a tradition that has made us the best family-style buffet restaurant chain in America with a diverse array of food choices - one that's allowed us to grow into nearly 500 company-operated and franchise restaurants in 40 states. One that's allowed us to be voted #1 for the twelfth consecutive year in the family buffet and grill segment by Nation's Restaurant News.    That honor is a reflection of the men and women who work here. We work hard, but there's a lot of fun and energy throughout our restaurants. People who share our passion for serving our guests with the highest level of excellence, enjoy an extraordinary career that encompasses a 5-day workweek, no late-night hours, extensive training and advancement opportunities in an inclusive environment. An environment that offers everyone the chance to be successful and productive.   So join us and give your career everything you deserve, including great pay and industry-leading benefits in a role that makes you feel valued.






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed salary full-time-job