Neff Engineering, a member of the Neff Group Distributors, a third generation, family-owned distributor of high-tech Industrial Automation Products and Solutions, seeks a Field Applications Engineer to provide technical engineering support during the design and sale of automation systems and products, robotics and machine vision applications. Our Field Applications Engineers analyze customers’ industrial needs, engineer solutions, present technical sales presentations and demonstrations, and develop and communicate customer proposals.   Neff Engineering provides excellent compensation opportunities and a generous benefits package.   Compensation includes a base salary with bonus potential. The Benefits Package offers dual health insurance options: a low deductible health insurance plan with both a traditional PPO Plan and a Health Savings Account Plan, short term disability after 1 year, voluntary Long Term Disability, life insurance, and Employee Assistance Program and a strong 401(k) Plan, with 2.5% company matching and a Profit Sharing component.  *Job Responsibilities:*  •Identifying and solving engineering problems.  •Giving Customer Presentations and technical demonstrations  •Coordinating on-site system installations and troubleshooting  •Preparing engineering proposals  •Providing technical support to both outside and inside sales staff  *Requirements:*  •Solid analytical and technical ability  •The ability to listen carefully and to visualize and articulate engineering processes  •Public speaking skills needed to demonstrate products  •The technical capability to develop systems that will accommodate and integrate with customers’   existing equipment  •Detail orientation  •Strong team concept   *Education and Experience:*  •An AS or BS in an Engineering related field, with strong mechanical aptitude. (Extended experience will be accepted in lieu of completion of a formal degree program.)  •1 – 5 years of technical sales experience with automated systems, including PLC/Ladder Logic, Motion Control, (servos, steppers, VFDs), and other control products.   •Knowledge of manufacturing processes and vision and/or robotic products preferred, but NEW ENGINEERING GRADUATES WILL BE CONSIDERED!






associate-needed salary 1-year-experience-needed