Global is the Northeast's leader in metal roofing sales and installation. Metal roofing is the fasting growing product in the home improvement industry. Territory includes NY boroughs, Westchester, Long Island and North Eastern New Jersey. Join our expanding company and start your new career selling quality-minded homeowners truly superior products!    *POSITION REQUIREMENTS*  • 2+ years of experience in specification and sales of roofing products  • Knowledge of siding and window products • Residential sales experience • Strong qualification and sales skills • Highly motivated with focused ambition and drive  *RESPONSIBILITIES*  • We are looking for a representative with a proven track record in home sales • Meet with homeowners on preset, prequalified appointments • No cold calling • Review project specifications for work to be preformed • Provide detailed proposal for customer review  • Represent the finest quality products in the industry   The primary territory will be Long Island, Queens and Staten Island.   *COMPENSATION*  • An extremely competitive compensation package comprised of an uncapped commission program, and bonus opportunities will be provided to the successful candidate. • Company Health Insurance program • Training Salary and training draw • Expense reimbursement  *ABOUT OUR COMPANY*  Global Home Improvement is the area's premier home remodeler in exterior home improvements. We offer products and level of service unparalleled in the industry. We attract highly educated and high net worth customers looking for high end products and services. Since starting the company in 2001 Global has grown 5000% and has recently expanded our operation to include an 18,000 square foot warehouse in Feasterville, PA and a luxurious Marvin Window Showroom in Morristown, NJ. Family-owned and operated, Global still follows the principles that it was founded on with plans to increase market size and market share throughout the entire Mid-Atlantic Region.






2-4-years-experience-needed salary