Administrative Assistant SERVPRO® of NW & SE Dutchess County specializes in the cleanup and restoration of residential and commercial property after a fire, smoke, or water damage situation. We're seeking someone who is great on the phone, proficient in office tasks, with excellent analytical skills, and who is a serious multi-tasker. If you are self-motivated and have superb interpersonal skills, then you'll thrive in this work environment. Our idea of the ultimate candidate is one who is proactive, experienced, truly enjoys providing superior service, and loves taking ownership. The person who fills this position will be responsible for sending out e-mail and written correspondence, meeting crucial deadlines, and providing excellent customer service. He/she will also need to enter detailed data accurately, prepare estimates and invoices, and conduct internal file quality reviews. He/she will also need to coordinate the scheduling of crews and jobs, plus assist other departments, as needed. Hours  40 hours/week, flexible to work overtime when required  Vary between 7 a.m. and 7 p.m. Minimum Requirements  2 + year(s) of Administrative or office-related experience  Experience with billing, quality assurance and/or scheduling a plus  Outstanding written and verbal communication skills, including proper pronunciation, grammar and a consistently courteous and professional tone of voice at all times  Possess polite, confident and excellent customer service skills, including listening and questioning skills  Ability to remain calm and professional during tense or stressful situations  Ability to multi-task  Capability to work in a fast paced, team oriented office environment  Proficient in Microsoft Office (i.e., Outlook, Word, Excel)  Ability to learn new software, including Xactimate and proprietary software  Minimum of HSD/GED preferred Pay Rate Starts at $12/hour with possibility of overtime pay and increases based on merit. Also, provides great benefits, including health insurance.






2-4-years-experience-needed hourly-wage full-time-job