Job Description  The Asphalt Superintendent is responsible for providing direct in-field supervision of an asphalt crew working on all phases of construction, maintenance and repair operations and programs of the Company; all other related work as required. The Foreman/Superintendent is responsible for maintaining and improving upon the efficiency and effectiveness of all areas under his/her direction and control. The Foreman/Superintendent serves as the front-line Safety Officer for the site/project, and is directly responsible for the Safety of his/her crew.  Job Responsibilities include, but are not limited to:  Coordinating with project superintendent to discuss project needs daily.  Scheduling Asphalt with plant(s).  Assess trucks for asphalt delivery according to quantity of mix.  Field measuring, quantifying material(s), and reporting over/under runs to project Superintendent on a daily basis.  Ensuring that materials meet or exceed owner’s specifications.  Coordinating lab to test material being placed.  Reporting any irregularities immediately to Project Superintendent.  Assessing job priorities and assigning employees to appropriate job tasks.  Making sure employees have tools and equipment needed for job in order to ensure safety and production.  Overseeing the work and making sure it runs smoothly and as per the project plan.  Giving clear directions to crews as to what needs to be done to avoid repetitive mistakes, or rework.  Making sure company rules are followed by crew.  Hold a daily take 5/JHA meeting and record a record of it in the log for future references.  Acts as leader and supervisor for small crews engaged in road/highway construction, maintenance and repair projects, bridge construction maintenance and repair, and other civil infrastructure projects.  In the absence of the Project Superintendent supervises operations, directing sub-contractors, and maintaining material inventory.  Ensures that all equipment is safe and ready for operation at all times, reports to Project Superintendent or Shop in the absence of the Superintendent on damage and non-functioning parts and equipment, ensures that normal servicing of equipment is performed properly and advises and assists as necessary the Field Service Technician. Operates motor vehicles and equipment necessary for completion of projects.  Performs labor incidental to the work of operating equipment, other laboring tasks when required.  Regular attendance and punctuality at the workplace is required.  Required Skills  Thorough knowledge of division operations.  Thorough knowledge of TXDOT, Municipal, County specifications.  Ability to distinguish difference in materials.  Ability to understand elevations and offset info.  Ability to produce schedules and follow them.  Considerable knowledge of the materials, methods and techniques relative to road/highway construction and maintenance.  Knowledge of field safety.  Skills and knowledge in operating equipment such as Asphalt Pavers, rollers, frontend loaders, backhoes, etc. commonly used in asphalt/dirt work.  Ability to participate in and supervise workers operating light, heavy, and special motorized equipment.  Ability to supervise road/highway construction projects from general plans and instructions given and to determine the proper amounts of various materials, tools, and equipment needed.  Ability to make minor repairs and adjustments to equipment operated.  Ability to read engineering plans and blueprints.  Ability to communicate effectively verbally with supervisor(s) and crew(s).  Flexibility: Ability to work in a number of diverse locations is pertinent, as work locations may change daily.  Expected Hours: Hours will vary by job, location and season. Working a night shift may be required.  Required Experience  5+ years of experience in public works or heavy civil construction and maintenance including heavy equipment and motor vehicle operation.  Experience working on TXDOT, City of San Antonio, & Bexar County projects.  Other municipalities are a plus.  Experience with All types of Asphalt equipment is required.  Experience with One Course Surface treatment and other under seal applications.  Experience using levels to establish grade is a plus.  Field supervision experience is required.  Possession of a valid driver’s license.






full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job