Project Manager is responsible for overall project planning and scheduling, resource allocation, project accounting, and control, while providing technical direction and ensuring compliance with quality standards. Additionally, the Project Manager responsibilities will span a broad spectrum including, Project Planning, Cost Management, Time Management, Quality Management, Contract Administration, and Safety Management. Prepares project status reports and works to ensure plans adhere to contract specifications. Strong interpersonal and communication skills will be essential since this Project Manager will work closely with Project Owners, Vendors, Subcontractors, Project Estimators, and Accounting. Job Responsibilities Include: • Reinforces the compliance of field safety regulations by all field personnel. • Oversee all phases of the construction project timeline. • Perform key role in project planning, budgeting, and identification of resources needed. • Manages financial aspects of contracts (fee payment, rental equipment, income/expenses, etc.) to protect Company's interest and simultaneously maintain good relationship with Client. Is responsible for the overall profit and loss of each job and proactively seeks profit opportunities on each project. • Handles all correspondence between Contractor and Sub-Contractor(s). • Performs site visits and monitors progress of construction activities on a regular basis, and holds regular status meetings with all sub-teams. • Ensure construction activities move according to pre-determined schedule(s). • Draft and submit budget proposals, and recommend subsequent budget revisions where necessary. • Where required, negotiate with other departments for the acquisition of required personnel from within the company. • Develop and deliver progress reports, proposals, required documentation, and presentations. • Determine the frequency and content of status reports from the project team, analyze results, and troubleshoot problem areas. • Working with assigned Superintendent(s) proactively manages changes in project scope, identify potential crises, and devise contingency plans. • Responds to RFIs; process contract change orders. • Approves all invoices and manage the billing process. • Ensure compliance with contract specifications. • Represents Company in project meetings, client meetings, etc. • Proactively upholds all safety polices and standards. • Build, develop, and grow any business relationships vital to the success of the project. • Maintains strict adherence to Company policies and procedures.   Required Skills • Strong project management skills with ability to prioritize and manage multiple initiatives simultaneously. • Excellent verbal, written communication and presentation skills. • Strong interpersonal/human relations skills. • Proficient in Microsoft Office tools including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and MS Outlook Exchange. • Project Management Software (e.g, P6). • Demonstrated ability to build relationships, communicates effectively at all levels of the organization, and lead through influence – with the purpose of driving change and delivering positive outcomes. • Values and incorporates contributions of people from diverse backgrounds. • Winning attitude that motivates people, and a results orientation. Required Experience Bachelor of Science degree in Civil Engineering or Construction Management or equivalent combinations of technical training and/or equivalent experience. 7-10 years of experience in heavy civil construction industry.  Experience as a surveyor, estimator, project coordinator, project manager and/or directly related equivalent role(s).    Knowledge of field concepts, practices, and procedures. Proficiency with HCSS Heavy Bid required.  *locations in San Antonio, Dallas/Fort Worth, and Houston*






bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed