The District Spa Manager is responsible for driving sales and overseeing the execution/implementation of key business initiatives for their designated group of stores.  They oversee the execution of day-to-day activities of the spas in their geographical areas to ensure our customers are consistently treated to an impeccable customer service experience, and that the operations run smoothly, efficiently and profitably.   Ideal candidate must be skilled at Territory Management, managing profitability and emphasizing excellence.  District Spa managers are also an integral part of our relationship with the Airports and our business partners across all of our locations.     Schedule flexibility is key; this position is based in an airport and will require availability to work varied shifts (beginning before 8:00am and ending after 8:00pm), Holidays and weekends.   Duties Customer Experience •Lead team in creating an outstanding experience for the customer (pampered to perfection, customers are greeted  in a professional, friendly, and timely manner •Ensure spas in district are providing best in class customer service when greeting and assisting customers. Display excellent floor leadership skills—own and manage the sales floor. Role play and coach team members when desired behavior is not observed. •Protect employees and customers by providing a safe and clean spa environment. •Direct and supervise employees engaged in delivering best in class services for our customers.  Sales •Achieve district sales financial objectives by forecasting requirements; preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions. •Establishes sales objectives by creating a sales plan and quota for districts in support of national objectives. •Host weekly conference call with Store Manager in district to track progress toward sales goals  Brand Ambassador •Maintain new and ongoing relationships with airport leadership and liaise with corporate office staff. •Attend monthly Concession Meetings at Airport  Team •Review schedules to ensure optimal staffing levels for the Spas in their districts.  Partner with Spa Manager by interviewing, selecting, training, scheduling, evaluating, assisting with career development, and redirecting associates, as needed. •Accomplishes human resource objectives for spas in their districts by recruiting, selecting, orienting, training, assigning, scheduling, coaching, counseling, and disciplining employees in assigned districts; communicating job expectations; planning, monitoring, appraising, and reviewing job contributions; planning and reviewing compensation actions; enforcing policies and procedures. •Maintain positive employee relations by keeping open lines of communication with team. •Schedule monthly touch base calls with Spa Manager to provide individual coaching and development  Operations •Recommends product lines by identifying new product opportunities, and/or product, packaging, and service changes; surveying consumer needs and trends; tracking competitors. •Ensure availability of merchandise and services throughout district by monitoring of appropriate inventory levels. Follow up with appropriate personnel at Store Support Center. •Conduct Spa visits and complete Spa Audits at least one time per month for each location •Maintain professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; participating in professional societies. •Administrative and computer skills that support accurate and timely reporting, cash collection/reconciliation, payroll management, service and retail inventory management, record keeping, and operation of POS System.  Work Experience Requirements •A minimum 5 years multi store management experience in spa, retail, hospitality, wellness, airport or beauty industries •Demonstrated ability to maximize all sales opportunities and achieve/exceed sales goals in given territory •Strong organizational qualities and confidence, with sound communication and customer service skills.  •Previous experience in recruiting, training and motivating commission based staff members. •Proven ability to foster a spirit of teamwork and camaraderie while achieving business goals.  •This position is based in an airport and will require flexibility and availability to work varied shifts, including Holidays, evenings and weekends.  Education Requirements  Bachelor’s Degree   Key Competencies • Decision Making • Leadership • Results Driven • Integrity • Quality • Productivity  • Dependability  • Customer Focus  • Teamwork  • Adaptability • Negotiation • Influence






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed