Hopper’s Management Inc. is a restaurant franchising company based in Las Cruces New Mexico.  We are currently seeking general managers and assistant mangers to join our growing company with our IHOP locations.  Title:  GENERAL MANAGERS/ASSISTANT MANAGERS  Location: Opportunities in  Alamogordo, Artesia, Carlsbad, Deming, New Mexico  Duties & Responsibilities: •Understand completely all policies, procedures, standards, specifications, guidelines and training programs. •Ensure that all guests feel welcome and are given responsive, friendly and courteous service at all times. •Ensure that all food and products are consistently prepared and served according to the restaurant’s recipes, portioning, cooking and serving standards. •Achieve company objectives in sales, service, quality, appearance of facility and sanitation and cleanliness through training of employees and creating a positive, productive working environment. •Control cash and other receipts by adhering to cash handling and reconciliation procedures in accordance with restaurant policies and procedures. • Continually strive to develop your staff in all areas of managerial and professional development. • Prepare all required paperwork, including forms, reports and schedules in an organized and timely manner. • Ensure that all equipment is kept clean and kept in excellent working condition through personal inspection and by following the restaurant’s preventative maintenance programs. • Ensure that all products are received in correct unit count and condition and deliveries are performed in accordance with the restaurant’s receiving policies and procedures.  • Schedule labor as required by anticipated business activity while ensuring that all positions are staffed when and as needed and labor cost objectives are met. • Be knowledgeable of restaurant policies regarding personnel and administer prompt, fair and consistent corrective action for any and all violations of company policies, rules and procedures. • Fully understand and comply with all federal, state, county and municipal regulations that pertain to health, safety and labor requirements of the restaurant, employees and guests.  Qualifications: • General Managers must have 3 + years restaurant management experience, Assistant Managers must have 6 months + restaurant management experience or supervisory experience.  Have knowledge of both front of house and back of house operations. •Possess excellent basic math skills, basic computer skills, and have the ability to operate a cash register or POS system. •Be able to work in a standing position for long periods of time. •Be able to reach, bend, stoop and frequently lift up to 50 pounds. •Must have the stamina to work 60 hours per week  Important Notes •Shift work.  Required to work weekends, holidays, and overtime. •Benefits include vacation time after one year, insurance, competitive pay, and employee meals.






2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job