*Dillon Transport is a rapidly growing financially stable multi state bulk truck transport company. We are currently seeking quality drivers! We appreciate your interest and would like to offer the features and requirements of the positions available. Let’s start with the features of being a Dillon Transport employee.*  * Earnings: Our drivers earn competitive wages. Since this is trucking, that varies by terminal, business conditions, and each driver’s work ethic. We anticipate our drivers to average $250 per day.  * Equipment: You will be driving a late model Peterbilt truck with the latest technologies; our newer trucks offer Sirius Radio, GPS, rollover avoidance, automatic transmissions and high end interiors.  * Safety: We are very proud of our safety record and are in the top third of all 8 CSA basics, within our peer group. At Dillon Transport safety is closely monitored and never compromised  * Potential: You will be joining a rapidly growing and financially stable company. We are poised for the next growth opportunity. The entrepreneurial spirit is part of our culture.  * Technology: We use electronic logs and dispatch utilizing McLeod and Qualcomm. You will always know your hours remaining and will always run legal.  * Multiple Running Options: We have local and regional options at most of our terminals. San Antonio is local oil field crude transport.    *We know that great drivers are the key to our continued success. As a leading (top 40) tanker company, we only hire high quality and verifiable safe drivers. Our requirements are listed below.*   * Tanker and Hazmat: Endorsements are required.  * Experience: At least 2 years of tractor trailer experience, with no long gaps in employment history.  * Violations: No more than 2 moving violations in the last 3 years and no serious violations in the last 5 years  * Convictions: No drug or alcohol related convictions in the last 5 years and no felonies in the last 10 years  * Accidents: No more than one preventable in the last 3 years   * Physically Fit: You will be required to have a physical at a clinic of our choice to ensure your safety.    If you like what you have see; want to join our team and meet our requirements apply today!






2-4-years-experience-needed licence-needed salary