First Resource, Inc., an Association Management Company - AMC, is seeking a high energy, creative, and well-rounded executive to serve as Managing Director for multiple manufacturing based Trade Organizations.  Responsible for assisting in the development and hands-on execution of strategic plans, the Managing Director will report directly to the President.  As part of this exciting, multi-faceted position, the Managing Director will provide guidance and leadership to multiple non-profit boards while working constantly to increase the value proposition that each Trade Association offers to its members.  The Managing Director will strive to maintain and grow programs with lead vendors and dynamic partners while creating strategic relationships.  In this position, the Managing Director will be responsible for the Associations’ iconic annual conventions and events with full Profit & Loss responsibility.   ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS • Assist the President in the long term strategy for the AMC involving the evaluation of competitive data, market intelligence and industry trends to develop implications and recommend winning strategies and tactics. • Direct, communicate and implement effective processes and procedures to improve organizational efficiencies. • Develop and executive organizational strategies enabling Trade Associations to successfully meet short and long term goals and objectives. • Mentor or coach staff to achieve individual and organizational excellence.  • Train, develop and motivate employees to peak performance and growth in their knowledge and responsibilities  • Manage and coordinate the successful delivery of multiple events, conferences, and other professional gatherings. • Develop of technology strategies and evaluation of emerging technologies to assist AMC.  • Develop / maintain relationships with key program vendors while continually evaluating new business opportunities. • Experience in developing and closing business development relationships • Prepare budget(s) and forecast(s) based on operational requirements.  • Maximize profitability of the AMC through superior customer service, problem solving, effective and prompt communications and follow-up on all pending matters with the member company executives.  • Plan and monitor daily staffing schedules, and adjusts accordingly to ensure adequate staffing levels that support operational demands and business objectives.  • Assist in sales opportunities and joint calls with sales executives. • Proven experience managing Projects in a collaborative approach, working across business units, to drive results from conception to completion • Additional responsibilities as assigned.  QUALIFICATIONS  Education: • Bachelor's degree in, Business, Management, or related Leadership field required  • Master's degree preferred    Work Experience: • Minimum ten years of general business experience required  • Minimum seven years of event management experience • Minimum five years serving in a professional association environment • Previous strategic planning experience required   Management Experience: • Minimum five years supervisory leadership required  • Working knowledge and experience with a boards of directors and cross functional teams   Knowledge: • Marketing, branding, communication methods • Strategic planning process and the use of SWOT methodology • Budgeting and financial management issues and activities  • Principles, practices, and administration processes • Microsoft Office Suite  (Full knowledge of Access and Excel) • Database Management / Customer Relationship Management Systems • The selling process • Relationship building with corporate clients • Event management process including negotiations, hotel and speaker contracts, food and beverage planning, and more.   Skills: • Presentation and public speaking skills  • Ability to analyze raw data and convert to industry reports • Organization and systems thinking • Ability to think strategically and execute tactics  • Project management of multiple functions, events, and activities • Excellent written and verbal communication skills, including the confidence and poise to routinely interact with an executive level audience  • Full understanding of customer service excellence   • Excellent project management skills and ability to prioritize among competing priorities • Ability to motivate, relate, and develop people and cohesive teams • Analytical and strategic thinking  • Negotiation    Abilities: • Lead stakeholder groups  • Engage board of directors  • Develop and measure goals, long-term strategic plans and programs   • Grasp technical concepts quickly • Collaborate with experts to solve complex problems affecting member companies • Develop long-term plans and programs and evaluate work accomplishments  • Apply and adapt practices and techniques to a variety of projects  • Establish and maintain effective relationships with employees • Establish and maintain effective relationships with board members • Establish and maintain effective relationships with vendors  • Present facts and recommendations effectively in verbal and written form   Personal Attributes Required - Level of Importance (Very Important, Important, Needed) • Attendance Very Important • Dependability Very Important • Decision Making / Judgment / Problem Solving Important • Communication Skills Very Important • Continuous Improvement Mentality Needed • Teamwork/Cooperation/Attitude/Adaptability Very Important • Energy / Enthusiasm / Positive Approach to Work Important • Strong Work Ethic Very Important • Integrity / Trustworthiness Very Important   ABOUT FIRST RESOURCE, INC. First Resource, Inc., an Association Management Company (AMC) representing over 950 U.S. contract manufacturing facilities accounting for over $9.0 billion in annuals sales covering the plastics, machining, rubber products, foil stamping and mold making industries.  As an Equal Opportunity Employer, First Resource brings a unique blend of services to each association client including by not limited to:  • Benchmarking and Information Services • Group Purchasing / Cost Reduction / and Affinity Programs • Networking and Connectivity Programs that Unite Industry Executives • Education and Professional Development Programs






bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed