Job Description: Position Summary   Do you love working with children? Are you motivated? Join us in this highly-rewarding career of a professional early childhood teacher. Each day, our teachers have the opportunity to make a difference in the lives of children and families. At Children of America, you will work in an environment that values your contributions and gives you the resources you need to apply high-quality, developmentally appropriate programs. Create joy in a child’s life by teaching through play and hands-on activities while implementing the COA proprietary curriculum, which helps foster children’s social, emotional, physical, and cognitive development.  Key Job Responsibilities/ Essential Functions.   • Engage and communicate with individual children during the activities and routines.  • Interact frequently, affectionately, and respectfully with children.  • Implement a developmentally appropriate curriculum which reflects observations and goals of individual children.  • Facilitate regular parent/guardian communication and conferences to discuss orientation, transitions, and developmental goals.  • Follow all safety and health rules while supervising all children at all times.  • Demonstrate awareness of the entire group whether working with a small group or individuals.  • Keep the environment and equipment safe, clean and attractive.  • Support organizational mission, philosophies, values, goals, and policies to parent/guardians and coworkers.  • Offer and share ideas and materials with coworkers.  • Participate actively in the teaching team through communication, collaboration, and curriculum planning.  Qualifications  ECE or CDA or bachelors degree in child related field   -2 years prior experience in a childcare setting -Superior skills in creating a dynamic, interactive classroom experience -- CPR & First Aid Certifications (Preferred)  Qualifications   - ECE or CDA or bachelors degree in child related field    - 2 years prior experience in a childcare setting - Superior skills in creating a dynamic, interactive classroom experience  - CPR & First Aid Certifications (Preferred)   We offer:   • Competitive salaries based on education and experience  • Childcare discount • Benefit packages • Continuing education opportunities • A private child care center environment with new facilities and qualified staff  • A positive work environment with highly educated and trained coworkers with a passion for childcare development • Tuition reimbursement   Visit example@example.com childrenofamerica.com  E.O.E.   






bs-degree-needed salary 2-4-years-experience-needed