Insurance & Financial Advisor - Sales experience preferred  New York Life Insurance Co. Inc. –Staten Island, NY    We are looking for experienced professionals for the Downtown Brooklyn Sales office who are seeking a rewarding career with a top rated Fortune 100 Company.    Company Description  New York Life, established in 1845, is one of the most respected and successful companies in America and internationally. Headquartered in New York City, New York Life's family of companies offers life insurance, retirement income products, and long term care insurance. New York Life Investment Management LLC provides institutional asset management and retirement plan services. Other New York Life affiliates provide an array of securities products and services, as well as institutional and retail mutual funds.    Becoming a New York Life Financial Services Professional is an ideal opportunity for individuals who want to build a financial services business with significant income potential, help others achieve financial security, and maintain a flexible schedule. We offer tremendous guidance, encouragement, and training for those who want to take this path. As a Financial Services Professional it is your responsibility to help individuals plan for their future. Do you have a retirement plan in place? What do you have to do today, to put your children through college? How do you plan on transferring your wealth to heirs?    Description of Activities  Insurance and Financial Services Professional    A licensed financial services professional is responsible for:  Meeting and contacting new potential clients to discuss financial concerns and needs  Conducting information gathering meetings with clients  Analyzing client needs and presenting potential solutions  Providing on-going service to clients  Developing and implementing personal business and marketing plans  On-going development of professional skills and knowledge    What you’ll experience here at New York Life:  *Enjoying a flexible lifestyle  *Being your own boss, but with many levels of support and expertise behind you  *Working toward personal and professional growth  *Pursuing an opportunity for very high income  *Performing a valuable service to others in your community  *Opportunity to move into management coaching others to be successful    Qualifications  *Bachelor's Degree preferred  *Previous sales experience a +  *Life and health licenses within 30 days of acceptance (_company will pay for costs_)  *FINRA series 6 or 7 and 63 registrations within 120 days (_company will pay for costs_)  *Highly self-motivated and self-disciplined with ability to work effectively with little or no supervision  *Organized, detail-oriented, and excellent time-management skills  *Strong sales, analytical, decision-making, interpersonal, leadership and communications skills  *Ability to work in a team-based environment      Training  NYLIC University: One of the most comprehensive and well-respected training programs in the industry.    We offer a comprehensive benefits package that includes    Defined Benefit Pension Plan  401(k) Saving Plan  Health/Dental/Life/Disability  Continuing education reimbursement  Reimbursement for industry designations  Discounts from major wireless carriers  Local discounts (based on location) for gym members    EOE M/F/D/V 503908  New York Life 51 Madison Ave, New York, NY 10010






bs-degree-needed