Job Responsibilities: Representative is responsible for developing relationship with physicians, nurses, manufacturer representatives, and other key contacts in the assigned territories. Representative must deliver product presentations to customers in territory outlining the specialty products, benefits, features, and services. Representative must have accurate and timely follow-up discussions during scheduled meetings. Representative is responsible for sales growth, identifying sales opportunities, and account management. Representative is responsible to obtain referrals source specific to Hepatitis, Crohn’s, HIV, Multiple Sclerosis, Psoriasis, Rheumatoid Arthritis, Oncology and other major chronic disease states.  Job Description: Responsible for creating and executing sales opportunity in designated territories. Promoting Specialty Pharmacy medications and services through target physicians, physician groups, and key personnel. Responsible for pre-calling and developing marketing strategies to meet target health care professionals’ needs. Representative must be able to recognize product trends in specialty division of the pharmaceutical industry and incorporate into specialty sales duties.  Required Qualifications: Marketing and Business Sales experience Organizational and Leadership Skills Motivated and self-driven personality The desire and aptitude to succeed Strategic thinker, goal driven, and have ability to multi-task. Must reside in territory. Must have the ability to travel. Ability to communicate effectively both orally and Email. Proficiency in Excel, Word, Outlook, and database applications. Excellent customer service skills to address potential issues to customers without compromising selling-focused conversation.  Compensation: Competitive base Salary (depends on experience) plus commission Mileage reimbursement Expense account Company mobile devices Health insurance Paid Time Off 401K  Career Level Required Experience Required Education Required Job Type: Employee






salary