American Muscle Movers is a local moving company based out of Tampa, FL. We take pride in our professionalism and caring attitudes, with underlying traits of integrity, initiative, and understanding that are the foundation of AMM. It is our pleasure to provide the customer with the most satisfactory and stress free moving experience for an affordable price. Our movers experience a diverse work environment with a high level of responsibility and competitive pay. We care about the service we provide and at the end of the day, its all about customer satisfaction and the job well done.    *Qualifications*   _Mandatory_  -Physically fit and able to lift, bend, stoop, and carry heavy objects (50-100+lbs) for extended periods of time -Reliable transportation w/small cargo space for tools/supplies (Eg. Pickup, Van, 4 door sedan etc) -Valid US drivers license  -Be able to effectively communicate in English  -Comfortable in driving large moving trucks locally up to 26ft   _Highly Regarded_  -Extensive level of knowledge and prior experience in professional furniture and appliance moving -Ability and experience in professionally driving moving trucks up to 26ft    *Job Description*   The ideal candidate is someone who values responsibility, teamwork, and doing his best above all else. He is understanding and compassionate toward the customer, and is proud to be the face of his company. Who is pleasant to talk to, with a respectable level of patience when things don't go as planned. Is very adaptable and able to keep focused and efficiently complete the task at hand. Can effectively maintain a safe work environment while maximizing efficiency and without sacrificing care for the customers property.   A typical work day involves: Meeting up with your crew at a pre-designated time and location. Calling the customer to confirm the time and location and keep him up to date with your estimated arrival time. Greeting the customer and communicating the start time with him and proceeding to estimating and plan the load/unload/transportation of the customers items. Proceed to work with and lead the crew to efficiently complete the job. Maintain friendly communications with the customer and pleasantly explain/answer any questions they may have. Depending on the job, the crews driver (typically the Crew Leader) may have to drive a moving truck locally. Collecting payment from the customer and leave a positive lasting impression before moving on to the next job.    -Care about his work -VERY effective at communication -Maintain a safe and efficient work flow for himself and the crew  -Responsible for and leading a crew -Representing the company Image -Communicating effectively with the crew as well as the customer -Lift, move, transport heavy objects constantly -Comfortable driving large trucks (up to 26ft)  -Collecting payments from the customer   Any Joe Shmoe mover can hire some guys and move some stuff, but what sets us apart from the rest is we take it a step higher. At AMM, we take pride in our care about the customer, and it is our mission to remove the stress of moving and provide a cost effective and pleasant moving experience. If you have what it takes to fit in at AMM, you'll find yourself to be more than pleased with compensations and opportunities we've got to offer.






