The RK Group is looking for enthusiastic, dedicated individuals to be a part of our team in Houston. These individuals will have the opportunity to work for a  high-end event company that is the exclusive food provider for multiple location in Houston and Galveston. These venues include an elite property in the City Centre-area, one of Houston's newest and most talked about special event venues in the Reliant Center-area and numerous others.     For 65 years, Rosemary's Catering, an RK Group Company, has carefully built a reputation of quality and service . We are expanding our catering division at a rapid rate though out Houston. Our employees are the core of our team and we expect the best of the best from them when working any event. We value dedication, attention to detail, professionalism and a great attitude. Rosemary's Catering provides tremendous opportunities for growth and advancement within the company as well as flexible hours and competitive pay.    We are currently  looking for a Director of Sales who realizes the most important elements of a successful business include building relationships with customers and the sales team. Our ideal candidate needs to be a highly self-motivated individual with strong leadership qualities and must have proven sales and supervisory experience in the hospitality and catering industry. Excellent communication skills and the ability to work with minimal supervision is a must.    The Senior Sales Manager is specifically responsible for maintaining standards of sales operations in the following areas:    POSITION RESPONSIBILITIES:  Provide leadership to the day-to-day operations of the sales department, while maintaining focus on the company's strategic goals;  - Book group events for off premise catering.  - Enter bookings and sales activity into Reserve, the group event software.  - Seek out and target new customers and new sales opportunities, initiate action plan to approach and secure new business for the company.  - Maintain established business relationships with clients and partnerships.  - Follow up and service bookings / submit confirmation in return in a timely manner.  - At completion of functions, follow up with client for possible future business.  - Maintain timely and effective communication with operations and sales regarding events / functions. Daily and weekly BEO meetings along with weekly sales / activity reports.  - Responsible to submit weekly sales and activity reports.   Responsible to meet established sales goals.  - Responsible to meet established weekly sales calls and appointments.    SALES RESPONSIBILITIES:  - Establish and meet yearly sales goals   - Maintain contact with local meeting, civic and convention centers or venues.  - Maintain contact with area hotel sales departments, and convention services departments through presentations and cold calls in order to obtain referrals and promote current programs.  - Establish and maintain contact with local Convention & Visitors Bureaus (CVB) in order to obtain group leads and referrals and build relationships.  - Participate in professional organizations and associations based on membership needs (MPI) determined for your restaurant/store in order to network and promote the restaurant.  - 50% of time being spent in outside sales.  - Responsible for cold calls, prospecting new business and qualified appointments, presentations, networking, entertaining, trade show participation and conducting site inspections.    REQUIREMENTS:   - Minimum five years sales experience in the Hospitality/Catering industry.  - Computer skills (word processing and spreadsheets) including Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, catering software.  - Excellent written communication, verbal communication and organizational skills.  - Ability to spend at least 50% of job generating outside sales.  - Ability to work extended hours including nights and weekends, as needed.  - Must have a valid driver's license






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed