*Commercial Construction Superintendent* needed immediately (Interior Buildout/ Renovation) (Chattanooga, TN)   WellSpring Builders, Inc. has an immediate opening for a qualified Construction Superintendent for their East Tennessee (Chattanooga, TN) division projects.  The ideal candidate should be able to work with a great deal of independence and authority, using their problem solving skills to successfully manage the completion of a variety of fast paced construction projects.  This superintendent should be particularly skilled in interior buildouts/renovation projects at a rapid pace.    *Candidate MUST live in or within 50 miles of Chattanooga*  This position is for a *Construction Superintendent*.  Please reply to this ad, attach a copy of your resume, salary requirements and references along with a valid email address and contact number.  Must be able to … • Understand and manage the complete construction cycle. • Provide excellent communication skills for all invested parties. • Manage subcontractor timelines, requirements, and quality. • Identify design gaps, errors, and unexpected problems and create quality solutions. • Administer the required documentation of all paperwork and reporting for the project. • Manage personnel, productivity, training, and development. • Ensure the effective use and maintenance of all jobsite equipment, and jobsite security.  • Schedule inspections as necessary throughout the project, meet with inspectors and track inspection progress through issuance of certificate of occupancy  Knowledge Base: • 5-10 years supervisory experience, managing various construction disciplines, commercial  • 2 year trade or 4 year relative college degree or equivalent combinations of technical training and/or related experiences. (Construction Supervision) • Knowledge of building material costs and wages and the ability to manage such costs • Thorough knowledge of all aspects of construction (technology, materials, tools, equipment, and methods) • Technical knowledge of Engineering (Civil, electrical, mechanical and structural systems) • OSHA Certification, 10 Hour Minimum, 30 Hour Desired • CPR/First Aid  Other Requirements: • Must be able to work in the U.S. and possess a valid driver's license • Willingness to travel  No phone calls please.  Please visit our website to learn more about WellSpring Builders online at www.example.com






associate-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job