Skill set expectations are that the candidates who are strong with SQL Servers should also have experience and working knowledge of how it interacts with other networks, servers, Active directory, etc.  Additionally, this person should be familiar with the entire process \"soup to nuts\" of SQL Server. Recommends tools and resources to monitor SQL Server activity and provide key statistics and performance measures.  Researches and evaluates new technologies to improve SQL Server functionality.  Analyzes and troubleshoots problems related to SQL Server Environment.  Knowledge and experience with managing, securing, troubleshooting and administrating SQL Server 2005 or above.  Knowledge and experience with SQL Server connection protocols including Kerberos and NLTM.  Create, Write, Trouble-shoot and Deploy SSIS packages.  Creates triggers, stored procedures, and query optimization plans.  Creates normalized database objects.  Creates SQL Server maintenance plans for DR planning and business continuity.  Installs SQL Server as per best practices.  Practical knowledge of SQL DBMS objects such as system databases and recovery models.   Required skills:  Backup and restore methodologies. Experience architecting, setting up, configuring and administrating failover clusters, mirroring, replication and other high availability strategies.  Experience troubleshooting bottle necks in SQL Server.  Experience creating, deploying and managing SQL Server Auxiliary features such as SSRS. SSAS, SSIS.  Skills in Microsoft Office Suite.  Candidate must be able to communicate clearly with the development team, project staff, and the user community.   Preferred skills:  Strong project skills Self starter Time management Analytical thinking Minimal management required  Skills:   Database Platforms - backup/recovery - Expert  Database Platforms - failover clusters - Expert  Database Platforms - Load Balancing - Expert  Database Platforms - MS SQL Server 2000 - Expert  Database Platforms - MS SQL Server 2005 - Expert  Database Platforms - MS SQL Server 2008 enterprise server - Expert  Database Platforms - MS SQL Server 2008 R2 - Expert Database Platforms - MS SQL Server 2012 - Expert  Database Platforms - SQL Server - Expert  Database Platforms - SQL Server Analysis Services ( SSAS) Expert  Database Platforms - SQL Server Dynamic Management Views (DMV) - Expert  Database Platforms - SQL Server Integration Services (SSIS) Expert  Database Platforms - SQL Server Reporting Services (SSRS) - Expert Networking & Directories - Active Directory - Advanced Protocols - Kerberos - Expert  Protocols - NLTM - Expert   Additional Skills:   Advanced skill set for building and administering high availability environments with load balancing.  Ability to train Jr. DBAs. Must be organized, focused, and ability to communicate well to superiors, peers and customers.  Must be a conceptual and analytical thinker with ability to logically process steps and communicate action plan.     VIVA USA is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to maintaining a professional working environment that is free from discrimination and unlawful harassment. The Management, contractors, and staff of VIVA USA shall respect others without regard to race, sex, religion, age, color, creed, national or ethnic origin, physical, mental or sensory disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or status as a Vietnam-era or disabled veteran.     VIVA USA INC. 3601 Algonquin Road, Ste 425 Rolling Meadows, IL 60008 www.example.com






supervising-job