Financial Tracking Technologies, LLC markets the most comprehensive compliance platform for the global investments industry and operates in SaaS mode. We are the leader in automated compliance solutions that enable regulatory protection and operating cost cutting. Clients include regulators, broker-dealers, money managers, hedge funds and public companies. FTT has earned the trust and commitment from some of the world's most renowned, top tier clients who have found FTT's patented compliance multi-tools to exceed the performance of our competitors. Our responsiveness and client support is unmatched. Therefore, our staff must be equally as committed to service excellence. Our company culture is unique and rewarding where winners thrive. We seek Sales Executives for the following responsibilities:     Convert company generated leads to closed sales.   Meet annual revenue goals.     Qualified candidates should possess the self discipline and desire to thrive in a rapid growth and highly competitive industry. You should have high quality and quantity work product standards, be motivated, a fast learner, well organized and a disciplined self-starter.    At least 4 years’ experience and a proven successful track record of selling to financial institutions   Excellent written and presentation skills with executive presence  Knowledge of solutions selling and being a trusted advisor   Knowledge of compliance, investment operations, portfolio accounting, clearing or custody, or combination are highly preferred.     Educational Requirements: Bachelors Degree or equivalent.    The candidate must also have excellent work references from those that have managed him/her directly. Verification of compensation history is expected. Competitive compensation and will be commensurate with experience. FTT is an equal opportunity employer and all contacts will be held in the strictest of confidence. No phone calls please. No recruiters please. Visit our website at www.example.com






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed