*ACCOUNT MANAGER* – The Blue Book Building and Construction Network, an Employee-Owned enterprise, has an excellent opportunity for an experienced field Sales Account Manager interested in building long term business relationships within the commercial construction industry.      *This Opening Covers A Lower Manhattan Territory, NYC*    *As an Account Manager, you will:*   • Learn and be highly knowledgeable in The Blue Book Building and Construction Network’s cutting-edge work flow solutions for the Commercial construction industry.  • Convey your commitment to drive the industry forward by bringing exposure to our customers, bringing buyers and sellers together.    • Be forward thinking, looking out into the industry, understanding where the industry is headed, and helping our customers get there.   • Make a personal commitment to long term customer relationships with face-to-face meetings within your protected territory.    • From start to finish, learn about our superior business value prop and highly valued customers. This is your opportunity to help the architectural, manufacturing, and construction industry get connected, be more productive, and compete in a highly technology-driven economy.  • Secure appointments, create, and deliver customized presentations tailored to your customer’s specific business growth goals.  • Work within a team environment which includes building internal relationships with Product Specialists to provide feedback, share best practices, and develop selling strategies.   • Contribute to product development by providing customer and prospect feedback on Blue Book Network products and services.  • Reach and exceed weekly, monthly, quarterly and annual sales goals through timely renewals, increased business and new account growth through service calls, one-on-one presentations, job site visits and industry-specific networking activities.    *Preferred Qualifications:*  • Bachelors Degree and/or equivalent industry experience preferably in On-line Media Sales and/or the architectural/ product manufacturing/ construction industries  • Successful track record and proven experience within a B2B sales and marketing vertical  • Strong sales skills including prospecting, forecasting, presenting, and closing  • Strong proficiency with computer apps, Windows-based software and Microsoft applications.  Experience with CRM software is a plus!  • Exceptional time and territory management skills  • Excellent verbal and written communication skills  • Ability to work independently and as part of a team  • Strong analytical skills  • Daily travel is required within a protected territory and to scheduled regional team meetings    *Benefits include: Comprehensive medical, dental, vision, company-paid life, with buy-up, Paid time off, 401-k with outstanding Company match, and our Employee Stock Ownership Plan.*      *Find out more about us: www.example.com    *Find us on FB and LinkedIn.*  






bs-degree-needed