Do you love outdoors? And love people? Then we have a place for you! Zenith Valet a local leader in valet parking and hospitality staffing solutions, is looking for people like you who are interested in gaining experience working with leading hotels, resorts, restaurants. Work flexible hours that fit your schedule, earn cash tips and build lasting relationships while you gain the service and management insight essential to growing your career. In fact, all of our managers began their Zenith Valet careers parking cars! Zenith Valet has been serving hotels, hospitals and casinos coast to coast – from Madison to Las Vegas – so you’ll always have a place to work no matter where life takes you! At Zenith Valet, we value workforce diversity and encourage everyone to apply. The Valet Parking Attendant provides exceptional hospitality services to guests in an attentive, friendly and efficient manner. In this key role, you will be responsible for parking and retrieving guest vehicles in a prompt yet safe manner and assisting guests with luggage, including delivery and pick up of guest luggage during arrival and departure. Some of the main duties of a Valet Parking Attendant include, but are not limited to: * Maintaining pleasant, friendly and professional demeanor with all guests, co-workers and clients. * Acknowledging, greeting and welcoming guests to the location, using appropriate Zenith Valet protocols. * Running at top speed to park and retrieve vehicles and driving slowly and cautiously. * Assisting guests with bell service, luggage storage, directions, taxis, reservations, information about meeting rooms and/or amenities of the facility and other inquiries as needed. * Explaining parking rates and retrieval procedures to guests upon arrival. Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: * Must be able to read and write standard English language * Must be able to effectively present information in one-on-one and small group situations to guests, clients and other employees * Must be able to perform basic math in relation to American money, understand rates applicable to time passed and understand 24 hour and military time systems Physical Demands & Work Environment: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. * Regularly required to run; stand; walk; sit; use hands to finger, handle or feel objects, tools or controls; reach with hands and arms; climb stairs; balance; stoop, kneel, crouch or crawl; talk and hear * Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and the ability to adjust focus * Must be able to lift and/or move up to 50 pounds frequently and up to 75 pounds occasionally. Must be able to push and pull 75 pounds frequently and 100 pounds occasionally. * Must be able to push and pull (on wheelchair) 100 to 350 pounds frequently over considerable distance Working flexible schedules and extended hours are sometimes required. * HS or Equivalent, or 1-3 months related experience and/or training, or equivalent combination of education and experience * Must be able to perform parallel parking; manual transmission driving skills preferred * Must have and maintain a valid driver’s license and clean driving record * For insurance purposes, must be at least 18 years of age and be able to pass a criminal background and drug screen






