We need bright, talented, passionate, self-directed and extremely brave individuals to help our small 3D printer startup succeed.  3D printing is in the verge of explosive growth (analysts are predicting over $180 million in consumer 3D printer sales in 2014).  The company that delivers that “killer” solution will be the dominant player for years to come.  We want to be that company, and with the right help we will be that company.  Corporate BS is no good here.  We have been introduced to and have fallen in love with the model that Valve Corp. has adopted: a zero management, flat structure model (www.example.com).  No one has a boss.  All employees, regardless of position, have a voice in any direction the company takes.  Talented, bright and passionate individuals do not need to be managed in order to be successful or to grow within an organization.  Further, everyone is entitled to reap the rewards of success and contributions, but also must suffer the consequences of failure.  Everyone should be compensated based on their contribution and not on their title.  In fact, we (the founders: www.example.com) only have titles whenever legally required for a transaction.  We know that collective wisdom is infinitely more valuable than individual wisdom.  We believe that long-term happiness within an organization comes from constantly being challenged and growing to meet those challenges.   Working for a small startup can be scary.  We may fail, and may encounter lots of problems and challenges along the way.  Working for a start-up can be emotionally draining, but the right people for the job can persevere, and find great solutions to the problems we encounter.  We have a 3D printer (The Phoenix: www.example.com) available on the market with a small but steadily growing revenue stream.  We are also in the process of closing an investment round that will bring some much needed capital into the organization (meaning, we can afford to pay a few folks for a while).  We are very open-minded and open to any new ideas and/or advice, and we know we cannot do this alone.  We need help to bring our ideas (and hopefully yours!) to reality.  We have the kernel of an idea for an awesome new 3D printer targeted to, as yet, an unserved market.  We are going to need the help of the following individuals to bring it to market:  * A great Mechanical Engineer to design and build the guts of the machine.  We are talking about starting from scratch and building an awesomely reliable printer to meet the needs of this new market.  We are looking for that individual that has been building their own stuff since the day they could hold a screwdriver.  This person eats, drinks and breathes anything mechanical or electrical.  We like to see people who are passionate about building things.  * An Industrial Designer that knows what a great design is and can design the enclosure for this great new printer.  We aren’t looking for that traditional aesthetic either.  This design is definitely going to come from within the whimsical area of the brain.  Tapping that inner child will definitely come in handy for this one.  We’d love to see your work!  * We need a couple of great software engineers with lots of animated graphics and/or game development experience.  We are going to be pushing lots of boundaries here and we need talented software engineers to help make that happen.  Be prepared to show us what you’ve made, either screenshots or a working app in the App Store.  Our Benefits  * Core office hours with the option to periodically work from home * Rec room with XBox, model trains, and more! * Weekly house cleaning and errand service * Health club membership * Public transportation reimbursed * Zipcar membership paid for * Commissions * Healthcare * 401k * Stock options  We look forward to hearing from you!  Thanks, Ez3D






