JOB POSTING  Experienced Print Sales Professional    Commission Based (Uncapped) With Residuals  Print-Wise is seeking Strong Sales Professionals who require a higher than average income and a good work/personal life balance.      Focus will be on B2B print sales offering Commercial and Small Business Printing.   This position will be responsible for creating New Accounts along with building sales and delivering World Class Customer Service to Clients, and profitably grow Print-Wise category sales.  Achieve revenue and margin goals in Copying and Printing Categories.  Utilize your own experience and the advantages that Print-Wise provides on a consistent daily basis to self manage selling activity, contracts, deals, strategies, reporting and communications.   Work collaboratively with Print Wise partners to assure accurate, timely, and professional delivery of customer's products and services.    The ideal candidate thrives on managing themselves with minimum oversight, enjoys making sales calls, and excels in client relationships. A self motivated individual with high energy, great organization and people skills.   Print-Wise provides (at our expense)  all sales materials, customized business cards, sales kits, samples, phone and training about the Print-Wise advantages for both the Salespeople and customers.   This position has an uncapped earning potential.    This position is commission based with great residual potential.   With Print-Wise you will be able to combine your sales skills with Print-Wise' very aggressive pricing and superior service to make a great career.  We at Print-Wise believe in good work-life balance, so we have structured our system and commission structure so you don't need to “kill yourself”to make a great living.   Qualifications:  Minimum 1 plus years in B2B Outside Print Sales Experience. Professionally skilled, disciplined, and organized sales and account management professional selling to small and large size businesses.  Impressive ability to develop, serve and manage a portfolio of high volume clients.  Dynamic individual who can function at a high level of performance, working in a very fast paced environment, and collaborate with clients, copy and print center operations and support staff.  Successful experience in selling, implementing and managing business programs to clients at the administrative, management and senior management levels.  Ability to develop winning proposals, collect and analyze data with a thorough needs assessment that leads to client retention and profitable sales growth.  Attend and Participate in on-line Training Sessions  Requirements:  Bachelors Degree Related Field and//or 1+ years of B2B Outside Sales Experience in printing Cold Calling and Setting Appointments Excellent Communication Skills Ability to craft solutions quickly based on Needs Assessment Demonstrate Record of Success in a goal oriented accountable sales environment Ability to sell multiple products and services  Generate new business and increase market share Strong Ability to develop and manage a sales pipeline Generate Referrals and track progress of Print Jobs Must have a diligent work ethic and very dependable  WE OFFER:  Very competitive Print for Trade Pricing in the Industry which allows maximum payouts for Print-Wise sales force.  Opportunity for Residual Income through out employment with Print-Wise   A Training and Support Program like no other in industry  Sales Kits and Business Cards provided at NO CHARGE  Sales Portal for all Area Sales Directors that can manage and track all printing projects, status,  and delivery of jobs for payout.  Working for one of the largest Print for Trade Companies in the United States  Please submit a resume and any supporting documentation for review, or email us with questions.






1-year-experience-needed bs-degree-needed