PDP Associates Inc, Atlanta GA is looking for a field technician to hire in January or February 2014.  The technician’s main responsibility will be installation of smart work zone systems, including wiring, setup of trailers, modems, radar unit calibration, etc.  They will first assist in installs, and then lead them.  On installs, the technician will direct traffic control workers for placement and setup of system components, and also must communicate with clients such as DOT project managers and inspectors. To do this, the person should have good communications skills and be able to manage the work of others.  The technician may also help customers over the phone with system trouble-shooting.  The job involves significant interstate travel to installations.  Time traveling for work varies.  It can be around 10% in winter months, and 50% in the Spring, which is our busiest season.  Installation work is outside, installing and setting up trailers near highway work zones.       Desired Skills and Capabilities: ● Great with machines and using your hands ● You understand electricity and how a power and data circuit work ● Ability to wire systems and make electrical repairs ● Excellent trouble-shooting abilities and the ability to solve problems  ● Basic computer skills: word, email, data entry in excel, ability to learn PDP’s system websites and google maps interfaces. ● Able to work independently in the field.  Get the job done without on-site supervision.   ● Good communicator. Able to direct others in the field. ● Good driving record and valid driver’s license required.  Also required is the ability to get a commercial driver’s license (you do not have to have one already).  PDP is dedicated to providing high quality work zone systems that save lives and help drivers make more informed decisions.  We are a fun and interesting company to work for.  We are not looking for people who just want to ‘get by’ with their work, but people like us who feel they are the best at what they do, and are interested in growing, learning, and developing themselves.  We are looking for people who enjoy their work and have a positive attitude about what they do.  If this fits you, PDP could be a great environment for you to learn and grow.    The position will start with a 1-2 month trial period, after which a formal position will be offered if there is a good fit.  Pay will be based on qualifications, with bonuses available for strong performance.     If interested, please send your resume and a cover letter explaining why you would be a good fit for the position.  We look forward to hearing from you.






