WeatherTech is an industry leader and one of the most respected brands in the design and manufacture of Automotive Accessories serving Aftermarket and OEM Suppliers as well as retail customers. We are seeking a Production Supervisor to oversee our Injection Molding and Thermoforming Operation team. This position is for 1st and 3rd shift, but 2nd shift applicants will be considered as well.   We are a mid-sized, privately held, financially stable, fast paced, and growing corporation offering an environment dedicated to continuous improvement, cutting edge technology and lean manufacturing principles with a firm belief in American manufacturing. We are poised for significant growth in 2014 and beyond, both globally and locally. This is a unique opportunity for an experienced professional to build and develop a team that utilizes the latest technology to make top quality products in a safe and clean manufacturing environment.  *Qualifications* • Experience in Injection Molding setup, processing, and troubleshooting is essential. • Experience in Thermoforming setup, processing, and troubleshooting is essential. • Must have experience supervising a diverse staff that includes temporary personnel. • Experience with robots and packaging equipment is important. • Ability to manage, lead, coordinate, and discipline quality and process technicians, machine operators, packers, trimmers, set up, and other employees. • A strong safety background is critical, along with a solid quality focus. • Strong problem solving and leadership skills are required. • Computer literate in Microsoft Office and inventory/manufacturing software. • Attention to detail, consistency, and accountability are required.  *Duties and Responsibilities* • Manage your shift, keeping safety, quality, and productivity goals in mind. • Enforce and enhance policies and procedures to meet and exceed our goals. • Manage and create reports for other departments as required. • Ensure customer/vendor/supplier-related corrective actions are carried out in a timely and proper manner and that they are effective. • Initiate, recommend, and provide quality, manufacturing, and maintenance procedures. Implement, train, and verify that they achieve intended results. • Oversee and direct the full inspection process to ensure all requirements and standards are complied with. • Provide continuous training for inspectors and plan functions requiring quality training. • Improve manufacturing efficiency through employee development and equipment; allowing us these improvements to help fuel our growth.  *Experience* • Minimum 5 years experience in manufacturing REQUIRED. • BS Degree or equivalent desired.  *Benefits*  We offer a competitive salary and benefits package including Health, Dental, Vision, Life Insurance, and 401(k) matching.  -Resumes without salary history/expectations will not be considered-  MacNeil Automotive Products Limited is an Equal Opportunity/Drug-Free Workplace Employer.






5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job salary bs-degree-needed supervising-job