Read this before you go any further – Please do not submit your resume unless there’s a good match between your background and work experience to the below position!   Job Function: The deployment engineer works in the field installing Panoramic’s hardware at various customer locations and configuring the system to work with the hardware. This activity requires some understanding of commercial electrical systems and requires decision making which system and electrical circuit to monitor. When not performing field work, the specialist assists in reporting tasks, analyze and interpret analytical electrical data to identify energy and operational inefficiencies and provide recommendations and cost savings to our customers. This position requires additional dialog with customers to gather additional data to explain or highlight some of the analysis results. The position requires working in parallel on multiple projects and meeting deadlines. This position requires extensive traveling of up to 80% both domestic and international.  Qualifications: 1. Technical degree in electrical practical engineering or BSc in engineering (electrical or mechanical preferred) 2. Excellent analytical, interpersonal, and client communication skills.  3. 2-5 years of proven experience in energy efficiency service - preferred 4. Able to present analysis in understandable and compelling formats 5. Ability to travel domestic and international about 80% of the time.   Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: 1. Familiarity and background with electrical engineering concepts and electricity basics is a plus 2. Experience with analytical and analysis tools 3. Experience with business intelligence packages is a plus. 4. Experience with MS Office Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint.   5. Strong experience with MS Excel reporting and pivot tables 6. Ability to grasp new concepts and topics quickly 7. Strong customer focus. 8. Self-starter with ability to work independently supporting customers and partners globally 9. Ability to lead projects, manage multiple tasks involved in meeting deadlines and deliverables. 10. Comfortable in speaking English with customers and partners, and being able to handle small size group meetings. 11. Ability to clearly communicate thoughts and ideas in person, over the telephone, and in written correspondence. 12. Familiarity with database management systems (DBMS) preferably My SQL is a plus.  The company reserves the right to review and amend job function description and requirements from time to time according to needs at its sole discretion






supervising-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed