Purpose of Position:  To exceed guest expectations at all times by projecting a positive image of the hotel through appearance, conduct and service.  Position Summary:  The number one priority of this department is guest satisfaction. You are the key to exceeding guests expectations through the reservation and sales process, check in and check out process, using proper telephone etiquette and basic telephone skills, addressing and handling guest comments and concerns, offering proper service and amenities of the hotel along with knowledge of area businesses and attractions, accurately balances daily cash and credit card transactions and has full knowledge of the hotels safety and emergency procedures. Must perform job with professionalism in a positive and friendly manner.  Essential Task/Functions:  1. Assist guests with any special needs and always make guests the 1st priority. 2. Greet every guest that is met. (3ft and 5ft Rule) 3. Register guests and assign rooms. Accommodates special requests whenever possible. 4. Assists in pre-registration and blocking of rooms for reservations 5. Thoroughly understands and adheres to proper credit, check cashing and cash handling policies and procedures. 6. Understands room status and room status tracking. 7. Knows room locations, types of room available and room rates. 8. Uses Signature Selling Techniques (job requirement) to sell rooms and to promote other services of the hotel. 9. Coordinates room status updates with the housekeeping department to ensure status accuracy. 10. Takes same day reservations and future reservations when necessary. Knows and understands cancellation policies and guarantee policies. 11. Files paperwork daily. 12. Processes daily check ins and check outs. 13. Post and files all charges to guest, master and city ledger accounts. 14. Follows procedures for issuing and closing safe deposit boxes used by guests. 15. Provide guests with information on property and area attractions (restaurants, nightspots, recreation, churches, shopping, medical facilities, etc.) 16. Understands and offers frequent stay programs for both Hotel brand program and Wisco Hotel Group program. 17. Understands and tracks the Wisco Hotel Group Corporate Appreciation Program (CAP). 18. Uses proper telephone etiquette. 19. Uses proper mail, package and message handling procedures. 20. Reads and initials the shift log daily. Is aware of daily activities and meetings taking place in the hotel. 21. Handles and resolves guest complaints in a timely manner. 22. Demonstrates good communication skills. Performs basic math and uses a calculator. 23. Writes legible. Sends and receives faxes. Ability to make copies and transparencies. 24. Promptly reports to Manager, all incidents or occurrences of an unusual nature that could result in potential loss, damage, injury or other liability to individuals or company property. 25. Attends all department meetings. 26. Knows all emergency and safety procedures. Is aware of accident prevention policies. 27. Maintains cleanliness and neatness of the front desk area, lobby and back office. 28. Supervises bellperson during the shift. 29. Follow up on guest requests and daily callbacks to ensure guest satisfaction. 30. Reports all damaged or dangerous furniture, fixture and carpet on maintenance request form. 31. Carries out all company policies and procedures for safety and security. 32. Reports any and all injuries. 33. Report all lost and found to supervisor or front desk staff.  Job Requirements:  1. Read, write, speak and understands English. 2. Neat & well groomed appearance. 3. Requires finger dexterity, grasping, sitting, standing,, walking, writing, bending, repetitive motion, hearing, visual acuity and carry up to 25 pounds on a regular and continual basis. Pleasant personality and people skills. 4. Flexibility in scheduling including weekends. 5. Maintaining a high level of quality, service and cleanliness. 6. Good communication skills and organizational skills. 7. Education: High School Diploma or equivalent. 8. Understands that business demands sometimes make it necessary to move employees from their accustomed shift to other shift.  Other: Regular attendance in conformance with the standards, which may by established by Wisco Hotel Group hotels from time to time, is essential to the successful operation.






