Web.com Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: WWWW) Web.com is one the most dynamic, fastest growing companies serving small business on the internet since 1997. The company now has over 3 million small business customers with revenues of approximately $500 million. Web.com separates itself from the competition through its comprehensive product offerings and personal customer service. It is an organization where the entrepreneurial spirit and human resourcefulness is encouraged and valued. Web.com provides a full range of Internet services to small businesses to help them compete and succeed online. Web.com is a global domain registrar and further meets the needs of small businesses anywhere along their lifecycle with affordable, subscription-based solutions including website design and management, search engine optimization, online marketing campaigns, local sales leads, social media, mobile products, eCommerce solutions and call center services. For more information, please visit www.example.com; follow Web.com on example@example.com or on Facebook at www.example.com.   *Essential Duties and Responsibilities:* * Achieves sales objectives by working with Branch Manager to develop monthly sales plans and schedules that effectively market Web.com services to local small business, identify specific targets including vertical, key networking events, potential promotional partners and key market opportunities; actively manage sales pipeline by developing and following up on new leads and referrals. * Manage the sales administration function, by preparing sales presentations, proposals, materials, and contracts; ensure all needs analysis criteria is entered into the company’s CRM systems on a daily basis. Identify sales prospect and contact these and other accounts as assigned. Develop and deliver status reports that identify daily sales activity, follow-ups, closing and adherence to revenue targets. * Maintain compliance with the company’s CRM and other internal systems. Effectively use external tools and resources available to remain current with customers, the industry and market. * Accountable for being self-motivated/self-driven, results/goals-oriented with superior prospecting, sales and closing skills, as well as exceed monthly revenue targets for MRC, NRC and needs analysis. Targets should be achieved by influencing others, reading and adjusting to the customers’ style, attention to detail, excellent customer service, professional, disciplined/confident and the able to adapt/change in a fast pace environment. * All activities must be in accordance with the guidelines and methodology of Web.com.   *Qualifications and Education Requirements:*  * BA or equivalent combination of education and experience. * 2-7 years of experience in sales management. * Proven track record in a highly skilled, motivated, successful and results-oriented sales force. * Strong qualities with good communication and interpersonal skills. * Strong understanding of customer and market dynamics and requirements. * Willingness to travel and work in a global team of professionals. * Proven ability to effective drive sales. * Able to operate in a fast-paced and changing market environment. * Proven successful track record in exceeding sales quotas. * Strong detail to attention, organizational customer service, computer skills.   *Benefits Philosophy:* We strive to be innovative and unique in all services we provide both to customers and employees, including our benefits and perks. We provide a comprehensive Executive healthcare package for you and your eligible dependents. Plus we offer dental and vision coverage, on-site health screenings, health club membership discounts, financial and savings programs. * Health Care FSA * Dependent Care FSA * 401(k) Plan * Paid Time off * Holiday Pay * Employee assistance program: * Employee Referral Bonus * Travel Assistance * Banking relationships






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed