Do you enjoy working in a home care setting? Then Leelin Home Health Care is right for you!  You’ll enjoy independence and flexibility, excellent wages and the rewards of caring for those in need, as well as 24-hour clinical support. The ideal candidates will be compassionate with a strong commitment to excellence and reliability. You will be an integral part of a compassionate, professional team that is instrumental in the quality of care provided to our clients.   This is a wonderful opportunity for nurses who are looking for flexibility or to supplement their incomes.  LPNs provide nursing care to assigned patients in the Home Care setting working collaboratively with the RN, care coordinator and other team members to ensure that provided services follow the medical plan of care, agency objectives and regulatory standards in a cost-efficient manner.   Candidates that are interested in a challenging career and the opportunity to join an awesome and dedicated team are encouraged to apply!  Job Requirements  Current LPN license in the State of MI. Current CPR certification. Minimum of two years recent home care nursing experience Previous home care experience preferred. Ability to utilize computerized documentation. Team player.  Essential Functions include but are not limited to:  *  Ensures accurate, complete and timely clinical documentation in accordance with service / department guidelines. *  Observes signs and symptoms, reactions to treatments, drug response/interactions and changes in the patient's condition; with appropriate follow up in care and reporting to supervisor or physician as needed. *  Provides nursing care within home care regulations to include patient evaluation, administration of treatments, and teaching within regulation and according to physician order. *  Assists with the coordination of care, including care management, initial evaluation, and discharge planning as needed with RN, patient/responsible party, physician, other disciplines or external resources. *  Establishes a medication record with name of drug, route, dose actions, and side effects. *  Participates in initial and ongoing clinical competency evaluation of staff in their clinical setting as needed *  Reviews consent for treatment, financial agreement, and release of information with the patient and/or the responsible party based on assigned visit. *  Maintains current knowledge of clinical practices, industry trends, new technologies, community standards, and regulations. *  Documentation supports skilled, reasonable and necessary services. Documents occurrences using established methods *  Attends meetings and in-services as required.  The location of the position is in the residences of patients located close to you, within local communities in Michigan. Leelin Home Health Care is Medicare certified / CHAP accredited. Please email today or call us at:  XXX  for the office closest to you for application times.






licence-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed