A cover letter is an absolute requirement to be considered for this position!!!!  Do not waste our time by applying with just a resume.     Akesogen, Inc is a genomic services provider offering a diverse array of technologies to private, academic and government clients.  We are looking to support the Million Veterans program (MVP) genotyping efforts.  We are seeking a candidate that will be responsible for daily high throughput laboratory production processing of Affymetrix and/or Illumina genotyping arrays and additional projects in DNA extraction/sample QC as needed.  Under minimal supervision, plan, set-up, conduct, and evaluate experiments and assays of varying complexity.  Some activities will be performed using liquid handling instruments.  Must be able to understand and follow experimental protocols.  The candidate will prepare, operate and troubleshoot equipment needed to perform assays and ensure the lab is properly prepared before and after each shift. In addition, the candidate will keep detailed production logs and generate weekly activity reports.  They will provide appropriate written/oral documentation of experiments and produce reports as requested.  We are currently looking for a person on our flexible work shift. This means you could have a Wednesday - Sunday work week, or a Monday -Friday (or any other as assigned). Flexible work shift may start as early as 6am and work as late as 10pm.  Typically, work is scheduled over a 9 hour period (to account for breaks and lunch) Days and hours may be subject to change as workflow is optimized in the lab.   Qualifications: Seeking energetic and motivated candidates seeking a ground floor opportunity in a small biotechnology company, that have great attention to detail, can focus for long periods on a task and have willingness to learn. Must have some previous molecular biology laboratory experience (ie, pipetting, making buffers), and be able to keep detailed paper and computer records. Experience with Axiom 2.0 and/or the Infinium HD assays is desireable, but will train the right candidate.  Energetic recent grads are encouraged to apply, but I suggest you outline in your cover letter why I should consider you for this role.  We will be hiring mostly on your character, personality, work ethic, enthusiasm, and aptitude.  Additional Information: Please reference Job Posting #20140220 in your cover letter. Please visit our website at www.example.com and/or drive by the building so you understand your daily commute if you can.  We are located at 3155 Northwoods place, Norcross, GA 30071. These are full-time positions. Federal background checks will be performed and educational claims will be verified prior to employment.  Please be prepared to provide documentation as requested.  Low level federal security clearance must be obtainable as a condition of employment.   Akesogen, Inc is an Equal Opportunity Employer






licence-needed full-time-job