Job Description: Property Solutions, a fun, fast growing software company, has an exciting opportunity for a Merchant Account/Payment Specialist who is enthusiastic, hardworking and has a winning attitude. This position will be responsible for merchant accounts.  Duties and Responsibilities (including but not limited to):  -Monitor payment transactions/files  -Monitor & update merchant account billing  -Process merchant applications & merchant change requests  -Research and solve payment issues  -Data entry  -Additional responsibilities as required  Skills and Knowledge:  -Upbeat, Self-Motivated, and a Finisher  -Good Work Ethic – do more than is expected  -Ability to learn and adapt quickly  -Ability to manage multiple tasks and projects  -Ability to work with minimal supervision  -Attention to detail and high level of accuracy  -Good analytical and problem solving skills  -Good listening and comprehension skills  -Excellent written and verbal communication skills  -Excellent time management skills  -Intermediate computer skills (Word/Excel)  -Background in SQL is helpful  Qualifications:   -Minimum of 2 years’ experience in the payment processing, banking, or related field  Compensation:   -$13 – $14 per hour starting. DOE, plus benefits  Benefits Package:  -401k with matching  -Health Insurance  -Dental Insurance  -Vision Insurance  -Life Insurance  -Flexible Spending Account  -Short-term and long-term disability  -Free gym membership  Work schedule:  Full time, Monday – Friday 9:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. (required to stay later if we have issues with the bank files)  Location: Lehi, Utah office  Application Instructions: Please send an email to example@example.com with a resume attached and \" Merchant Account/ Payment Specialist” in the subject line. In the body of that email please write a cover letter that explains how you meet the requirements of the job and why you would be great for this position.  Property Solutions participates in E-Verify.  About Us: Currently serving more than 20,000 apartment communities across the U.S., Property Solutions offers a variety of web-based software tools for leasing, rent collection, marketing, and management, all on one platform. The Utah-based company has seen exponential growth since its founding in 2003 and currently partners with 28 of America’s 50 largest property management companies. Property Solutions employs more than 300 professionals across the nation, including offices in Lehi, Provo, and Dallas. For more information, go to www.example.com.






2-4-years-experience-needed hourly-wage full-time-job