Join our team The country's third-largest home and auto carrier as well as the top specialty product carrier in the U.S. is currently interviewing for an Insurance Agency Manager.  Responsibilities As a Farmers Agency Manager, you'll join an elite group of entrepreneurs representing the third-largest multi-lines insurance company in America. Our agents are professional risk advisers and consultants who help customers protect and build their assets. In this career you will have the chance to participate in several other exciting business activities including: • Utilizing proven marketing systems, or those you may develop, to reach potential customers for our Insurance products • Providing excellent customer service to policyholders • Attending networking & sales events, trade shows & community events • Educating and assisting customers • Creating your own daily schedule, emailing and corresponding with customers • Obtaining insurance licenses(s) and staying aware of evolving industry and product changes  Requirements The qualified Insurance Sales Representative candidate will have at least a high school diploma, although a college degree is preferred. The ideal Insurance Sales Representative will also have:  • Sales and/or customer service experience • All candidates will be obtaining Property and Casualty License, Life License, and optional Series 6 and 63 Securities Licenses^ • Excellent communication skills both written and verbal • Entrepreneurial spirit with a fearless and positive attitude • Self-motivation and goal-orientation • Strong organizational, time management and follow-through skills • Desire to continually learn new products and services • Good credit history with no bankruptcies within the last 12 months. • A favorable criminal record no Felonies  What We Offer - Becoming a member of The Farmers Team allows you to:  • Financial support is provided during the first 3 years of your career • Achieve job security, with excellent earning potential • Gain independence and freedom with flexible hours • Use your 'creative ability' to manage your production results • Obtain personal achievement and career satisfaction • Have a chance to build (equity) for retirement • Receive comprehensive training in all facets of the business  ^Farmers Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates, including Farmers Financial Solutions, LLC, reserve the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications and attachments sent or received by or from this address and to retain them in accordance with the applicable regulatory requirements. Securities are offered through Farmers Financial Solutions, LLC, 30801 Agoura Road, Building 1, Agoura Hills, California 91301. Member FINRA & SIPC.






