We are an iconic 110 year old Milwaukee manufacturer growing our business and continuing to improve operational productivity.      We are seeking to add a highly motivated Buyer to our management team.    This person will exercise independent judgment to manage procurement of all assigned commodities. This person will support company goals for OTD, quality, inventory, and COGS for all assigned commodities. This person will support manufacturing with timely flow of goods and services.    ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  Daily MRP analysis required (A basic understanding of MRP logic is necessary to properly evaluate system demand)  Identify, select and develop all suppliers for all assigned commodities that will minimize cost, maximize quality, minimize lead time and inventory.  Negotiates pricing, discounts, quality, quantity, delivery date, etc.  Identifies, negotiates, and implements changes to harvest opportunities to reduce cost, improve quality, reduce inventory and improve responsiveness for outside service suppliers.  Manage capacity/capability of suppliers to ensure uninterrupted supply and alignment with business needs.  Executes daily transactions to support the purchase of all products and services within assigned commodities in an accurately and timely.  Participates in daily customer service meetings. Communicates delivery status for all assigned commodities daily to operations team as appropriate.  Maintains integrity of purchasing and supplier data in the CMS operating system including, pricing, terms of payment, freight terms, standard cost, lead time, lot size, minimum orders, and vendor information.  Audits, investigates, develops and implements corrective actions to resolve all discrepancies related to assigned commodities including: inventory integrity, price, quality, freight, receiving, purchase orders, and work orders.    *****We are seeking a highly motivated individual who has completed a 4-year college degree and has a minimum of three successful years as a buyer in a manufactured goods environment. We offer an excellent salary in the $55-70,000 range along with a performance bonus on top.  We provide an exceptionally strong benefits program as well.






2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job bs-degree-needed salary supervising-job