Become a fitmob fitness leader and be a part of the game-changing fitness platform that is building community one burpee at a time!  fitmob strives to get the world healthy and fit through the power of community. We're looking for the best group fitness instructors and small group trainers in San Francisco to join our team of rockstars leading the movement away from the traditional gym model and toward accessible fitness based in local communities. We believe the key to fitness is people motivating people, not big fancy machines or magic pills. Fitmob's goal is to create a marketplace for fitness trainers to create their fantasy workouts and to easily connect them to huge numbers of participants. This is your opportunity to get in on the ground floor, to build your brand and to run your own fitness business.  We are looking for personal trainers and fitness instructors who are energetic, skilled, and passionate. Your workouts are fun and you aren’t afraid to be wildly original. You should possess the following skills and attributes:  *Personality: See above (authentic, original, fun).  Does your personality come through in your classes? Do people like to be around you in general? Check and check. *Mechanics: Do you know your stuff? Proper form and safety is a must, as well as ensuring classes are accessible for all levels. *Delivery: Communication is fluid and energetic. Coaching is encouraging and personalized. You can adapt quickly and are good at keeping your cool.  If this is you in a nutshell, we want to hear from you! Send us an application with your *resume* and we'll be in touch. Please be sure to include your current fitness certifications (AFAA, ACE, NASM etc.), and any relevant fitness experience.  Candidate must live or be able to work in the San Francisco Bay Area.  This is a Part Time/Hourly Consultant Position (Trainer hours range from 1-15 hours/week, but if you are a rockstar and you want more, it is certainly possible)  fitmob aims to create the world's largest active fitness community -- fitmob is the \"uber/lyft for fitness\" enabling fitness anywhere by anyone - mobile driven and socially connected. Leaders are paid for their services - tapping into the $46B fitness services market. We are based in the SOMA district of San Francisco and are top tier VC funded.  Our co-founders are Raj Kapoor (CEO and former MD at Mayfield Fund, cofounder/CEO of Snapfish- one of the worlds largest online photo services) and Paul Twohey (CTO and former co-founder Ness and early engineer at Palantir).  We look forward to reading your resume. - Team fitmob www.example.com






part-time-job hourly-wage