Are you a seasoned sales rep or attorney? Can you find potential clients in the legal market and close a sale?  Signal North, LLC, a provider of legal marketing services, is *seeking qualified outside salespeople* nationwide. Candidates must possess the drive necessary to be successful in sales of a competitive product. All reps are awarded exclusive territories.  *Primary Objective* The Legal Sales Consultant is responsible for prospecting for new clients and growing the client base within an assigned territory. Our sales consultants are highly motivated, high energy individuals with the ability to sell professional web services within the legal market. Each salesperson uses a consultative approach and keen listening skills to understand the client's needs, predict the client's goals, and sell accordingly.  *Our Product* Under our \"Firm Flip\" brand, Signal North, LLC delivers top tier online services to attorneys for which small to mid-size law firms contract yearly with our company. Services include web design, web and email hosting, online advertising, search engine optimization, content creation, social media management, and a host of other digital services. In addition, our company has the capacity of a high-powered creative studio and uses this capacity to produce videos, brand collateral, and other initiatives for our clients.  *Compensation, Bonuses, and Incentives* The average salesperson with our company will make between $80k and $100k per year, straight commission. Top sellers make $150k+. Year-end bonuses range from $1,000 to $20,000 and are based on yearly sales volume. Monthly sales contest winners are often entitled to prizes such as flight/hotel gift certificates, and cash awards. Compensation is straight commission, this position is not benefited. This is a W2 position, not a 1099.  *Time Commitment - Our Freedom Guarantee* This position is among the most flexible in the sales arenas. We do not require salespeople to log hours or meet hours requirements. Uncompensated vacation time may be taken as each individual sees fit. Successful salespeople spend 12 to 20 hours per week prospecting for and closing sales. We judge based on an easy to meet yearly sales quota.  *What it Takes* A strong sales or legal background is required. New graduates need not apply. While an understanding of web marketing is a plus, we will run you through a crash course. You will have all the tools necessary to have the contract signed before you leave the client's office. You must bring the attitude, leads, and ability to close a sale. Successful salespeople with our company cold call, make office visits, and network with attorneys whenever and wherever possible. Former salespeople from competing companies are highly encouraged to apply.  *Expenses* Expenses we cover - company cell phone, business cards, marketing collateral. Reps must cover their own gas.  *How to Apply* Send a *resume and cover letter* which demonstrates why you may be successful in this position.  *Responsibilities* - Discover new leads, follow-through, and acquire new clients - Understand and analyze client needs, recommending appropriate solution for each client - Explain complex marketing principles in simplistic manner to clients - Adhere to our best practices  *Qualifications* - Sales or legal background is required - Ability to understand complex advertising principles in simplistic manner to clients - Ability to develop leads independently and close sales - Dress professionally, act professionally






