Summary Purpose of Customer Service Supervisor:  The Supervisor provides day to day leadership and direction to a diverse team of associates who have a responsibility to deliver premium customer service in an inbound call center environment.  Essential Accountabilities and Responsibilities of Customer Service Supervisor:  The Supervisor will be expected to manage multiple functions and processes throughout the department with the focus on project management, problem diagnosis / resolution, and process improvement. Managing and developing a team that provides excellent customer service.   •Assigned various management duties including, but not limited to: Scheduling staff, tracking attendance / PTO, new associate access requests, I/T requests.  •Communicating information to associates and also receiving feedback from them on topics. •Implementing and communicating processes, procedures, and policies. •Communicate on any disciplinarily actions taken with any associates based on performance, attendance, actions, etc. As well as keeping records of all documentation. •Provide suggestions and recommendation as to the hiring, firing, advancement, promotion on direct and indirect reports. •Responsible for participating in associates annual reviews. •Policies and procedures –assure associates have current information and are following policy. •Monitor daily activities of associates to make sure they are following company policies. •Training – Responsible for associate receiving efficient and effective training. Also following up on associate’s progress and administering training materials, if needed.  Other Additional Tasks:   •Working knowledge of current office products (MS Office, Notes, and Web browser).  •Has good understanding of the client company culture and business practice.   Decision Making Responsibilities:  •Must possess basic organizational, communication and time management skills.  •Associate must participate as an active leader, practice effective listening skills and effective collaboration skills.  •Have the necessary leadership, team building, motivation, and delegation skills to efficiently coordinate the efforts of a team toward accomplishing a common goal.  •Can assess skills, anticipate development needs, and promote learning.  •Recognize, evaluate and establish change initiatives to meet business needs.  •Excellent relationship building and customer service skills in order to provide exceptional service.  •Strong analytical and problem solving skills.  Minimum Qualifications, Education and Certifications for Customer Service Supervisor:  •Bachelor’s Degree strongly preferred.  •2-5 years experience in a call center environment. •Extensive customer service experience required. •Actual experience leading, mentoring and/or supervising associates in a fast paced environment.  Keywords: team leader, supervisor, manager, customer service, call center






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job