Are you interested in working for a high technology company like Microsoft, Ford Motor Company, Johnson Controls, or Philips Medical? Why choose just one when you can work for them all? Circuit Check is an engineering services company focusing on development of automated test equipment for top companies in the electronics industry. Circuit Check test solutions are found in electronics design and manufacturing facilities around the world. If you enjoy end-to-end project involvement within a fast-paced, collaborative environment then join Circuit Check and develop high tech test solutions for leading companies in the medical, industrial, automotive, computing, and mil-aero industries. As a Load-Wire Technician you will: • Install receptacles in pre-drilled plate with tools and hammer. Install specific probes in receptacles according to engineering plots.  • Wrap wires or plug receptacles and samtec pins according to customer/engineering specifications.  • Cut, strip, bend, and form wires used to make cables and subassemblies.  • Solder connections and crimp connectors to wire ends.  • Test and rewire electrical test fixtures.  • Discuss errors in diagrams or production order with supervisor or engineer to clarify wiring problems.  • Lay out diagram for resistor/diode boards according to wiring specifications.  • Attach relays, connectors, bus bars, and various other electrical components to test fixtures.  • Record all deviations and modifications from original design in manufacturing record.  • Complete all checklists prior to delivering test fixture to assembly or final QA.  • Record time spent working on specific jobs.  • Clean work area, tools and equipment.   • Maintain orderly and clean work station. REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: • Good hand-eye coordination. • 1 – 2yrs experience. • May be assigned to different work stations as production needs require or shift from one station to another to reduce fatigue factor. • Light work: Exerting up to 20 pounds of force. • Strong communication skills; written and verbal • Outgoing personality with leadership potential






full-time-job 1-year-experience-needed