YOU want to start your own company, build it into a power house with the best product in the industry and a no lid income potential? Then keep reading!  HYTORC- TorcGun Technology, the worldwide leader in Hydraulic and Pneumatic Torque Tools, is currently seeking Independent Sales Representatives who want to start a business with the latest, patented pneumatic torque tool technology. Either from the bottom of the ocean capping the oil leak in the gulf in 2010 or from the top of the world, erecting the new world trade center, WE CAN HELP all industry with better bolting solutions. This is why HYTORC is world renown as the bolting solution company.  Established in 1968, we are not a new business but can help you start a business with no upfront costs. Find a Career with the undisputed leader in Industrial Bolting Solutions!  HYTORC- TorcGun Technology is looking for hard working and entrepreneurial minded sales professionals to start a career as Independent Sales Representatives. You will work in a protected territory and sell our pneumatic torque tools and accessories to industrial, commercial, and institutional clients. If you have a successful track record in industrial sales and a desire to start a business and make it your own, this is just the right career for you! We require no franchise fees, and will provide full factory support and service, as well as, demo equipment. You determine your income with no lid on your earning potential! Join our other entrepreneurs and find out why HYTORC is not a job but a life style.  Benefits As an Independent Sales Representative you can expect:  • Unlimited income with no cap on potential; company pays 50% of earned commission upon purchase order and remaining balance is paid upon receipt of payment  • In-field product training  • Opportunity to start a business with no upfront cost • National marketing campaign for lead generation  • Factory-owned regional support centers  • Cutting edge, revolutionary technology products that are trendsetters  • A never ending marketplace with a multitude of industries served  • Full tech support and office support to help you succeed in a niche market   Job Requirements  As an Independent Sales Representative, you must be self-driven with an exceptional work ethic and the determination to succeed. You must also be strongly customer oriented with excellent verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills as well as the ability to generate new business and to build long-term customer relationships. The ideal Independent Sales Representative will also have  • Strong cold calling, networking and appointment-setting skills  • Excellent presentation skills and the ability to generate accurate quotes  • Superior deal-closing skills  • Previous experience in one of the following industries helps:  .    • All Mines, Refineries, Chemical Plants, Steel Mills, Paper Mills, Fossil Fuel, Gas Hydro & Nuclear Power Stations, Wind Turbine Manufacturers,  Erectors and Farms, Water Dams, Shipyards, Land & Off-shore Oil & Gas Drilling, Gas Pipelines, Gas Compressor Stations, Fertilizer Plants (Ammonia Converter), High Rise Construction, Tunnel & Bridge Building Contractors, Crane Erection, Farming Equipment Manufacturers, Maintenance & Dealers, Earth-moving & Off-Road Equipment Manufacturers, Maintenance & Dealers, Plastic Extrusion, Gas, Aircraft & Steam Turbine Manufacturing, Installation & Field Service, Gas Turbine & Combined Cycle in Petro-Chemical Plants, Large Manufacturing Facilities, Hospitals & Airport Generation Stations, Aircraft Manufacturers & Maintenance,  Pump, Valve, Heat-Exchanger, BOP, Cracker & Reactor Manufacturers, Municipals, Bus & Truck Depots & Manufacturers, Highway Maintenance, Breweries, Billboard Erection, Stone Crushing, Cement Plants, Railroad Track Maintenance, Train Builders, Army, Navy, Air Force Equipment Manufacturer & Military Base Maintenance, Rocket Production & Launching Pad Assembly & Maintenance, Breweries, Tire, Glass, Rubber Manufactures, Solar Equipment Installation & Manufacturing, Aluminum Smelters, Forging & Casting Plants, All Equipment Builders, All Industrial Installation & Maintenance Contractors for all listed industry, Anywhere there are bolts over 1/2” diameter. If you have ever wondered how to start a business? If you are tired of all the other business idea’s you hear about? Now is your chance for a brand new career with an industry leader with patented products! Start your new career today!






