Eggar Insurance is a family-owned \"Premier Service Agency\" and recently accepted the prestigious \"Inner Circle Elite\"title for rapid policy growth, awarded to those ranking in the Top 1% of agencies company-wide. We have two locations: our home base in Geneva and our new branch in Lincolnshire. We're looking for highly motivated account executives to help take our new branch to the top in 2014. It's a great time to jump on board and play a part in the success we are achieving!   *NO INSURANCE EXPERIENCE REQUIRED! We provide the training necessary to succeed! * MAKE $40,000- $65,000+/year! * HEAVY MARKETING AND LEADS PROVIDED!  What Would You Need to Do? - Sell Property & Casualty Insurance: Car, Home, Motorcycle, Business insurance, etc. by providing guidance that helps protect families and businesses in their times of crisis! - Build rapport with your clients, sell the value of Eggar Allstate, and close the sale! - Work a variety of lead sources that we have already provided through our aggressive and proven marketing approach and also generate referrals from your happy clients and circle of influence. This is an inside sales position.   What Can You Expect from Us? - Fun, team-oriented environment  - Fast-paced, competitive, and rewarding atmosphere. We work hard, but we play hard too!  - Healthy work-life balance with holidays off and few nights/weekends - Initial and On-going training to set you up for success and help you work SMARTER, not harder! - Access to the best practices and cutting edge technology which provide a seamless experience for our staff and customers - $25,000 Base Salary + Commission + Bonus (1st year agents will earn $40,000+, 2nd year Agents will make $60,000+)  Is this Role a Good Fit for You? - Do you love selling? - Are you tired of being a small fish in a large bowl? - Would you like to play a vital role in helping our business grow to the next level?  P.S. Know someone looking for Part Time? We are also hiring for Part Time Lead Generation Specialists to help set appointments for the sales team. Thanks for spreading the word!  Hiring Organization: Eggar Insurance Agency, Inc






full-time-job salary