SriFusion (www.example.com) is a fast growing consulting and professional services firm, providing end to end implementation and integration solutions to our customers some of which are Global 2000 companies.    Below is the Job description. Please send us your updated resume (Recruiter AT SriFusion.com), contact details, best time to reach you, the compensation/rate you are expecting, as well as any relocation/ravel assistance needed. You can reach us at  XXX  and please ask for a recruiter.  A resume via email before calling is encouraged.      ***  Title: .NET/TFS Systems Architect   Location: Madison, WI  Client: Name available upon request  Term: 8 months, possible extension to 2014      MUST be direct to SriFusion, LLC, no 3rd party      Job Responsibilities       • Experience in software design and development with a focus on the integration of internal business systems across multiple functional areas, notably finance/accounting, financial transaction processing, etc.  • Knowledge of packaged systems evaluation, selection and implementation in the areas of Finance, Accounting and/or ERP systems.  • Experience in design and integration of business applications and enterprise IT infrastructure.  • Design of the IT infrastructure components and architecture.  • Experience with design and development of custom modules/solutions and the integration of these components with packaged solutions.  • Proven methodology experience for complex systems integration projects and demonstrated ability to achieve deliverable's on time and on budget.    Required Skills    Administration - Business Analysis    Gather and document requirements  3+ yrs (3)    Information Technology - Application Development    Application Development and design experience using Visual Studio 2005/2008  4+ yrs     Developing production web applications in a team environment  3+ yrs     Information Technology - Databases    MS SQL Server  3+ yrs     Information Technology - Languages/Tools    ASP.NET  4+ yrs     C#  0+ yrs (2)    VB.NET (MS)  3+ yrs    Information Technology - Server Support    Team Foundation Server (TFS)  2+ yrs     Thank you for your time and attention,    SriFusion, LLC  






2-4-years-experience-needed part-time-job