Financial Representative-  Northwestern Mutual  - The Wellesley Group, Wellesley, MA  A Career with a Purpose: The Financial Representative Opportunity  You’ll have the unique opportunity to create your own destiny and potentially have a life-long impact on the lives of your clients, families and your community. Northwestern Mutual offers a personalized approach to uncovering financial solutions tailored to each client's individual needs.  Your goal is to discover each client's needs and goals and help map a path to meet them. You will:   -Decide how to build your practice by choosing your clients and the markets you want to pursue -Build your business to the level of success to which you aspire -Have an opportunity to achieve financial independence with a rewarding career that can offer flexibility for family, friends and leisure-time activities -Have access to powerful sales tools and a large network of support -Be responsible for efficiently and effectively driving sales and developing relationships with clients by understanding their goals and objectives  Northwestern Mutual will provide resources to help you discover and build your markets to develop a successful practice as a financial representative including:  -Developing your business and marketing plans -Extensive training and coaching from certified trainers -Access to knowledgeable groups of financial advisors and specialists to assist you in sales objectives  At Northwestern Mutual, we’re committed to mutual success. You’ll find people with varied experiences and perspectives in an environment that emphasizes teamwork and collaboration. For us, diversity means valuing and respecting differences so that we bring out the best in each other. You can be yourself while building your career here.  Preferred Qualifications:   --Strong interpersonal skills -Self-starter and highly motivated -History of personal success -Previous sales experience is a plus  Benefits Program:   While you help provide financial security to your clients, Northwestern Mutual is committed to offering a comprehensive benefit program; benefits include:  -Comprehensive Medical Coverage -Retirement -Flex Programs -Group Life and Accidental Death Benefit -Disability Income Insurance  About Northwestern Mutual  The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company – Milwaukee, WI (Northwestern Mutual), the \"World’s Most Admired\" life insurance company in 2012 according to FORTUNE® magazine, has helped clients achieve financial security for more than 150 years. The company focuses solely and directly on its clients and seeks to deliver consistent and dependable value to them over time. Northwestern Mutual and its subsidiaries offer a holistic approach to financial security solutions including: life insurance, long-term care insurance, disability insurance, annuities, investment products, and advisory products and services.






