Wellness Corporate Solutions is a dynamic corporate wellness firm located in downtown Bethesda, MD. We build customized, high-impact wellness programs resulting in high return on investment in employees' health and in our clients' bottom lines. We have a long track record of delivering results for world-class public companies, law firms, media companies, associations, non-profits and private employers nationwide.  Wellness Corporate Solutions is seeking a full-time Contract Manager to be responsible for drafting, evaluating, negotiating and maintaining contracts and service agreements for various WCS clients and partners. Incumbent serves as point of contact for WCS clients, partners and staff to advise on and resolve all contract-related matters. Days and hours of work are Monday through Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. with some work required outside of these hours.   ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: •   Draft, evaluate and negotiate contract agreement provisions and supporting documents including but not limited to Master Services, Screening Services, Non-Disclosure, and Business Associate Agreements for Partners and Direct Clients. •   Respond to all internal and external contract-related inquiries. •   Act as liaison between staff, clients, partners and other involved parties to resolve issues and discrepancies in contracts and agreements. Provide redline recommendations and facilitate mutual decisions by all involved parties on specifications of final Agreements.  •   Distribute fully executed contracts to Program Managers and clients/partners. •   Maintain contract records, documentation and correspondence, including contract changes, status updates, filing and distribution. •   Establish and maintain effective working relationships and communication with internal and external contacts.•   Enter and maintain all new client data in Dashboard, NetSuite and other relevant databases. •   Liaison to Program Managers regarding Certificate of Insurance requests. •   Performs other related duties in accordance with instructions from management.  PREREQUISITES: •   College Degree plus Paralegal Certificate •   Minimum 5+ years directly related experience •   Paralegal certification and related experience preferred •   Proficient with formats for a variety of legal documents, legal terminology, negotiation techniques and methods •   Ability to deal effectively and tactfully with a wide variety of individuals in person, via telephone and in writing. •   Excellent verbal and written communication skills. •   Ability to use independent judgment and creativity applied to resolution of contract issues. •   Excellent organizational skills and ability to work well under stress.  •   Accuracy and attention to detail. •   Working knowledge of word processing, spreadsheets, and databases, including Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook and PowerPoint. •   Mathematical competency and use of calculations/formulas.   Wellness Corporate Solutions, LLC is committed to conducting all employment practices for employees at all levels without regard to race, creed, genetic characteristics, gender, color, religion, sex, national origin or ancestry, age, mental or physical disability, marital status, sexual orientation, veteran/military status, gender identity/transgender status, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, or any other characteristic protected by applicable state, federal, or local laws (except where a bona fide occupational requirement exists).  *** NO CALLS PLEASE *** PRINCIPALS ONLY ****






full-time-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed