Explore the incredible opportunity of being a State Farm insurance & financial services agent.    State Farm, the number one insurer in the nation, is seeking successful, motivated professionals to join its dynamic agency force. Are you an outstanding performer in your current field? Do you enjoy leading a team, helping people, and being involved in your local community? Are you interested in driving your own financial future? If so, the State Farm Agency opportunity may be perfect for you. As a State Farm Agent, you will enjoy:  * Unlimited income potential; * $30,000 signing bonus; * Worldwide travel incentives; * Affiliation with a Fortune 50 company known for its Good Neighbor philosophy and financial strength; * Brand recognition as a trusted leader in your community; * Opportunities to lead, inspire, and develop your team; * Minimum of 8-9 months paid training, including salary, benefits, and licensing; * Ongoing retirement payments and benefits after completion of training; * Extensive resources to support you throughout your State Farm career; * Immediate revenue on assigned policies from existing book of business.  Desired Skills & Experience:  Our Agents come from a variety of backgrounds including but not limited to: Business Owner, Vice President, Sales Manager, Sales Representative, Insurance Sales, Personal Banker, Financial Services Representative and many more.   Our top performing State Farm Agents all have the following skills and abilities:   * 4 Year Degree Desired * Integrity  * Entrepreneurial spirit  * Strong sales and leadership skills  * Strong work ethic  * Ability to pass a background and credit check  You can find additional information about the Agency opportunity on the State Farm Careers site.  www.example.com   If you are interested in finding out if this opportunity matches your unique skills and abilities, the first step is to complete the Sales Leadership Career Profile questionnaire.   Please contact me if you would like me to send you information on how to take this 30-minute assessment. I would welcome the chance to help you pursue this unparalleled business opportunity.    Thank you!






bs-degree-needed supervising-job