Electric Vehicle Charger Channel Sales Managers -   Tellus Power is the US based subsidiary of Tusai Holdings a worldwide leader in the manufacturing of capacitors, automotive solar, energy storage and electric vehicle charging with branch offices around the world, including United States, Berlin, Germany, and Beijing, China. Marking its 20 year anniversary this year, Tusai has grown into an international business, providing renewable energy solutions with a commitment to delivering innovative products that exceed user’s expectations.  Tellus Power offers end-to-end solutions and services including a Home Level 2 and commercial Level 2 charging stations, DC fast Chademo and SAE combo charging stations, network management system, building integrated photovoltaic and analytical applications.    Reporting to VP of Sales, the successful candidate in this position will be charged with planning, directing and coordinating EV charging station sales activities toward the attainment of established sales and company profit goals.  This individual will work closely with the rest of the executive team to develop and implement strategies that lead to continued growth, market development and profitability.    The Channel Sales Manager is responsible for sales channel strategy and new business development of Tellus Power’s charging station products nationwide.  This individual will work closely with associates in marketing, engineering and operations to ensure that the Company is supporting and delivering its customer value proposition. The position is responsible for recruiting, leading and coaching a team of Regional Sales Managers, Independent Sales Representatives and Distribution Channel partners.  Primary responsibilities include:   • Develop and lead execution of domestic sales channel strategy. • Lead the new business development activities and tactical plans of regional sales managers, independent sales representatives and distribution channel partners. • Work with the other executive team members to develop the Company’s strategic plan, initiatives and integrated activities to support that plan. • Develop recommendations for product pricing programs and practices that align with channel strategy and companies financial goals. • Develop annual sales plans & budgets.  • Work with distribution partners to lead market development plans and annual sales plans. • Continuously evaluate the performance of sales reps and distribution partners. • Contribute to the development of new products by providing insight into customer requirements and business opportunities. • Work with marketing resources to ensure that the marketing materials support the customer value proposition as well as the needs of the sales channel. Desired Skills and Experience The Channel Sales Manager must be a proven highly effective leader with well-honed business skills and a demonstrable track record of meeting or exceeding sales goals and building market share.  This position requires a minimum of 5 years of technical sales management experience in a related industry with a manufactured product with similar market dynamics and distribution channels.  Experience directly in EV charging equipment industry is an advantage but is not required.  Qualified candidates will possess a sufficiently strong technical background to communicate effectively on technical product matters and needs, both internally and with customers.  The ideal candidate will have a broad business background with an understanding of customer relations, product specifications and market conditions that affect the competitive nature when dealing with technical products.    The successful candidate will have a proven track record of successfully developing and implementing both strategic and tactical sales plans, ideally in an organization known for growth and charting new directions in their industry.  An undergraduate degree (engineering a plus) is required; advanced degree desired.  Additional qualifications include:   • Distribution channel sales experience, including developing and managing regional distributors and manufacturer’s representatives, with a demonstrated expertise in developing sales channels. • Prior experience with, and affinity for, an independent representative sales organization. • Thorough understanding of the sales cycle; a closer as well as a manager who can help others close opportunities.   • Strong project management skills and a proven ability to execute quickly and effectively. • Background working with and supporting a team in a fast paced, results oriented environment. • Proven track record in leading cross-functional teams to achieve business results. • Strategic approach to understanding customers and their needs and positioning the company’s products advantageously with regard to those needs. • International experience is a plus. • Background in equipment costing and price setting in an environment with orders that are engineered and custom-built; solid understanding of product margins. • Strong computer skills, including both the Office suite of applications as well as CRM systems.  COMPENSATION: Base salary, plus commission package. Benefits include health care and 401k.  TO APPLY: Send cover letter, resume, and salary history.






supervising-job bs-degree-needed salary