*About the Company*  Founded in 1988, First Cash Financial Services, Inc. is a leading specialty retailer and provider of consumer financial services. Our pawn stores make small loans secured by pledged personal property and retail a wide variety of jewelry, electronics, tools and other merchandise. The Company's short-term loan locations provide various combinations of financial services products, including short-term loans, check cashing, and credit services. The Company owns and operates over 800 stores in twelve U.S. states and 24 states in Mexico.  First Cash's common stock (ticker symbol \"FCFS\") is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, which has the highest initial listing standards of any stock exchange in the world based on financial and liquidity requirements.  For more information, visit us at www.example.com  *About the Job*   Competently provides exceptional customer service through sales and lending activities while executing the sales process effectively and proficiently. All Sales Associates will follow the standards for accurately qualifying loans and appraising customer goods for pawn loans and purchase approvals. Prevents loss or damage to company and customer assets. As well as maintain a professional and productive work environment. They are actively involved in all aspects of store operations and serve as resources to assist with training in the areas of sales, products, visual merchandising, inventory control and point-of-sale.  We are currently hiring Retail Sales Associates for our location in *Spartanburg, SC.*  *Qualifications*  • High School Diploma or Equivalent • Is committed to working shifts as scheduled and has flexibility to work additional and/or different hours based on changing needs of the business – including additional training and store meetings • Enjoys talking to and helping customers  • Understands the value of teamwork. • Exudes a positive attitude and sustains a contagious energy throughout entire shift • Possesses basic math skills  • Has knowledge of basic computer skills  • Is actively and consistently involved in the visual maintenance of the store • Possesses strong selling skills, including anticipating the needs of customers and implementing the appropriate action or solution  *Benefits*  The success of First Cash depends on the dedication and enthusiasm of each of our employees. That’s why we offer them the chance to share in our success with a competitive pay and benefits package includes dental, and vision insurance, a company-matched 401(k), tuition reimbursement, paid vacation and more.   First Cash is an equal opportunity employer. Candidates will be considered as applicants after the completion of the First Cash official application form and all other applicable Company documents. Criminal background checks are conducted as well as drug testing. No sponsorship available.






