GSN is a multimedia entertainment company that offers original and classic game programming and competitive entertainment via its 80-million subscriber television network and online game sites. GSN’s cross-platform content gives game lovers the opportunity to win cash and prizes, whether through GSN’s popular TV game shows or through GSN Digital’s free casual games, mobile and social games, and cash competitions. GSN is distributed throughout the U.S., Caribbean and Canada by all major cable operators, satellite providers and telcos. GSN and its subsidiary, WorldWinner.com, Inc., are owned by Sony Pictures Entertainment and DIRECTV. For further information, please visitGSNTV.com    CPMStar, a division of gsn, is a performance based ad network dedicated to the digital and mobile gaming verticals.    CPMStar’s business, like many others, is composed of supply and demand. In this role you will be helping to manage the supply side: a worldwide network of 2000+ Web and Mobile Publishers. You will be responsible for rolling out new ad technologies, managing yields and growing the CPMStar Publisher footprint. On a daily basis you will be responding to Publisher inquiries, monitoring a smorgasbord of dashboards and data, making valuable insights, formulating strategy and working with Product, Sales, Marketing, Engineering and anyone else you need to execute the task at hand. You will also be responsible for the P&L and General Management of two owned and operated gaming review websites.      The ideal candidate will possess:  -A thorough understanding of the Ad Network space and strong domain knowledge of web and monetization strategies  -Ability to proactively retrieve, synthesize and execute on large data sets  -Expert level ability with Excel, SQL and relational data bases  -Work as a member of a team as well as handle solo missions  -Familiarity with Traffic and Audience Metrics (Google Analytics, Nielsen Net Ratings and comScore)  -Strong written and oral communication skills  -3-5 years of experience  -Gaming experience is a nice to have as well as additional language skills    Any candidate that is interested can send their resume and cover letter and indicate “Analyst” in subject line for immediate consideration.






2-4-years-experience-needed