The insurance industry is one of the most stable in our economy and those with insurance licenses are in great demand. In four short weeks, Insurance Agency Solutions can not only help you get insurance licensed, but we also are going to train you on what it takes to be a successful contributing team member at an insurance agency. Obtaining a property and casualty license costs a minimum of $450 on your own, but if you qualify, we will pay that for you. That's right..we will pay your licensing fees.  Insurance Agency Solutions is a Houston based company that provides insurance education and employment placement services for those who seek customer service/sales representative positions at insurance agencies like State Farm, Allstate, Farmers and Nationwide. Your customer service and or sales background is preferred as are those that are degreed. Bilingual (Spanish, Mandarin, Cantonese, Vietnamese, Urdu) candidates also are in high demand.  IAS gives you the added advantage in the job market by preparing you with insurance industry, customer service and sales knowledge, along with paying for your licensing process, if you qualify.  Once you complete the training and get your license, we will work for up to a year to find you the perfect opportunity by setting up interviews. We truly are your foot in the door to an insurance career.  Why choose an insurance career?  • Typical positions pay between $10-$18 an hour plus commission • Normal business hours in an office environment • Career advancement  We have nearly 40 agencies all over the Houston area currently looking for new employees Minimum requirements (please do not respond unless you meet these qualifications):  High school diploma or the equivalent No felony convictions Legal resident/work visa Ability to attend class for 4 weeks A commitment to studying for a minimum of 2 weeks for the licensing exam We meet Monday-Friday from 9:00 a.m.-1:00 p.m. Our next class begins on July 21st.  Please send your resume for consideration or go to www.example.com.  10333 Harwin Dr. #170 Houston, TX 77036  www.example.com






