Position Title: Building Maintenance Tech  Position Type: Full Time, 40hrs per week, on call weekend work as needed  Job Location: Baltimore, MD (City) -3 locations  Salary:  Based on experience  Experience needed: 5 years or more of medium to large commercial/residential maintenance management experience   Technical Experience: Must have the ability to successfully perform routine repairs such as: repairing doors, locks, drywall patching, light fixtures, window seals (caulking), replacing: outlets, switches, blinds, sinks, toilets, floors (carpet/tiles/etc), HVAC as well as familiarity with plumbing and electrical.    Job Description:  Maintenance Tech will be responsible for management and coordination of building maintenance issues and daily upkeep for 3 buildings (commercial locations) in Baltimore City.  The incumbent must be proactive, solutions driven, action oriented, self-motivated, and comfortable working independently.     The incumbent must have:    a. Building maintenance experience  - Regularly perform physical inspection of all parts of the asset to ensure high level of quality.  Complete building maintenance including:    • HVAC: Maintain HVAC Certification and have ability to repair and maintain commercial     HVAC Units.  • Plumbing: Ability to resolve plumbing issues  • Electrical: Ability to resolve electrical issues  • Grounds: Complete grounds including picking up trash, sweeping curbs, dumpster areas and parking lots.   • Preventative Maintenance: Performs scheduled maintenance of all equipment based on the manufacturer's recommendation and operating manuals.    b. Transportation-Have reliable transportation to travel between properties in a timely fashion.  It will be expected that personal transportation will be used to transport work materials.     c. Clear written communication skills – The ability to write reports on issues, building status, and general tenant notices.     d.  Strong verbal communication skills – The ability speak and communicate thoughts and ideas clearly. Listen to tenant problems objectively.  Support contractors in coordination efforts to access buildings and schedule appointments as well as instruct and inform contractor on relevant building information before arriving to the site to best prepare for resolution. Update building owners on issues and coordination activities that require hire level attention.    e. Supply/Record Management skills- Must maintain accurate repair records and supply lists.  Proactive in communicating supply needs and maintaining physical inventory.    f. Coordination Skills- Strong coordination and planning abilities to ensure seamless activities in 3 buildings.    g. Basic Technical Skills- Ability to use text, email and basic computer office applications.     h. Customer Service-Provide outstanding customer service to internal and external customers on a regular basis. Ability to discuss and prioritize issues and resolution timeframes with tenants, building owners and vendors.    Resume and references required to be considered for this role.






salary 5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job