Successful, established Manufactures’ Representative firm has an excellent opportunity for a motivated salesperson.  You must have prior success in selling high-priced technical and engineered solutions to management and top executives of medium and large corporations in a competitive long sell cycle market. You need to sell against established vendors and price leaders. You must excel at finding and closing new opportunities, building relationships, and growing existing accounts. You must have strong analytical, problem solving and consultative selling skills. You must be a self-starter, and work without supervision. Travel required within a 200 mile radius of Cincinnati Ohio. Engineering or technical degree is a major plus. Experience with industrial equipment also a bonus. You must have 3+ years sales experience. You must have prior annual income of at least $75,000 with a tremendous desire to earn well over $150,000.  Dear Candidate,  Thank you for viewing the above post for the Outside Technical Sales position, and we hope there is a fit for you at our company. Please review our selection process below and follow the instructions provided to understand the expectations and steps required for consideration.  Selection Process  Step 1 – The first step is to take an online sales assessment that we use to better understand the selling skills you possess. It should take you about 45 minutes.  Go to: www.example.com  During this assessment you will be asked to provide the email address of 3 previous employers that can be used as references. You can provide them at this time or return later in the process for that.  Step 2 – A subset of candidates will be selected to proceed to the next step, a short phone interview.  Step 3 – Several candidates will then be selected to proceed to face to face interview.  Step 4 – A few candidates will be selected for a final interview with the company’s CEO and President.  Step 5 – One special candidate will be selected for the position of Outside Technical Sales.  We’re looking forward to meeting you and wish you luck in obtaining the position.






2-4-years-experience-needed licence-needed