Do you love data the way biscuits love butter? Are you unnaturally excited by the prospect of balancing your love of numbers with your ability to understand user actions? Oh, and can you maintain reports, dashboards, and metrics with one hand while making a giant sandwich with the other? Ok, the sandwich isn’t actually required but we’d be super impressed if you did.    Hey there, we’re Eat24. We make it rain cheeseburgers across America, and we’re looking for a kick-ass, jack of all trades guru to join the team and help take things to the next level with our data. We’re talking product data, marketing data, business data...all kinds of data. Seriously, the phrase “same s***, different day” will never come out of your mouth so long as you’re here because you’ll have your hands in so many cookie jars.  Responsibilities Include:  -Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with our core products -Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify trends and opportunities -Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions -Build/maintain reports, dashboards, and metrics to monitor the performance of our products -Mine massive amounts of data and extract useful product insights -Manage development of data resources, gather requirements, organize sources, and support product launches  Background Requirements -3+ years experience doing quantitative analysis preferably for a social web company -Experience with large data sets and distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop) a plus -Ability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance -The ability to communicate the results of analyses in a clear and effective manner -Basic understanding of statistical analysis, experience with packages such as R, MATLAB, SPSS, SAS, Stata, etc. preferred    Sound good? Well what are you waiting for? Shoot us your resume with a brief cover letter about why we’d be crazy not to hire you. We'll be waiting.






2-4-years-experience-needed