MEMBER ASSOCIATE   Privé Society’s status as the premier global lifestyle management brand is achieved through our team of expert Member Associates. We hold our employees to a standard equal to the unparalleled services we deliver. This begins with a rigorous hiring process, is cemented through our extensive training program and reinforced through constant education and feedback.  We are currently seeking an accomplished, polished and creative problem solver who enjoys serving ultra-high net worth and often famous clientele. Our team is comprised of highly organized and detail-oriented professionals, each of whom bring a unique dynamic to the company.  Privé Society hires candidates who are cultured, educated and knowledgeable about the city where they are based and who have an understanding of the realities of global luxury & leisure travel, urban lifestyle, dining, entertainment, the arts and the market.  Each dedicated Lifestyle Manager creates personal relationships with members, clients and providers. It’s all about finding out the way in, the way around, the way to make it happen. They serve as the liaison to all parties involved and ensure a seamless operation of the highest quality.   Core Competencies • Passionate about delivering high quality personalized services • Superb people skills, sophisticated conversationalist and multi-tasker • Confident, well-mannered, engaging, and friendly • Work well in a fast faced environment • Excellent listening, written, and verbal communication skills • Accountability - be approachable, flexible, dependable and conscientious • Exceptional interpersonal skills; Professionalism, while maintaining a personable demeanor • Superior conflict resolution and problem solving skills, demonstrating self-confidence and the ability to maintain composure in difficult situations • An advanced understanding of relationships created by diverse member and provider groups • Excellent critical thinking & problem solving skills; A strong ability to be proactive and anticipate situations, develop proposals and positive solutions • Ability to set and achieve goals, and work independently • Extremely detail oriented   Qualifications • College graduate, or equivalent experience • Established concierge experienced in customer service and luxury travel & leisure • Fluency in English, and additional languages are a plus • Must be willing and able to perform physical activities including heavy lifting, sitting for extended periods of time on lengthy phone and computer tasks  • Extensive travel may be required  Member Associates Making the impossible possible  It’s the unique challenges that really set this work apart. Handling luxury bookings, scoring impossible-to-get dinner reservations, securing sold-out tickets to events, locating \"hard-to-find items,\" access to private parties and planning celebratory events are just a few of the lifestyle and leisure related opportunities we have to provide superior customer service on a proactive and reactive basis; providing a truly personalized level of concierge service. Other opportunities might include: • Private charters • Fine dining reservations at the most coveted restaurants • Arrange premium tickets to in demand shows, sporting events and concerts • Hotel reservations • City tours • Travel accommodations • Private event planning • Spa reservations • Assist in managing special projects such as home relocations or renovations    Privé Society is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and a Drug Free Workplace. Our policy of equal employment opportunity is to recruit, hire, train and promote persons without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, sex, age, disability, handicap or any other protected status. All candidates will be required successfully complete a background screening and drug test.






associate-needed