*Job Summary:*  Primary functions are to administer skilled nursing care for clients of all ages in their place of residence, coordinate care with the interdisciplinary team, patient/family and referring agency; and assumes the responsibility for coordination of care.  *Essential Functions:*  Assess home health patients to identify the physical, psychosocial, and environmental needs as evidenced by documentation, clinical record, case conference, team report, and evaluations. Implement/develop/document the plan of care to ensure quality and continuity of care. Provide care utilizing infection control measures that protect both the staff and the patient (OSHA) Supervise and provide clinical directions to the HHA/LVN to ensure quality and continuity of service provided. Assure continuity of quality patient care delivered with appropriate documentation. monitor assigned cases to ensure compliance with requirements of third party payer. Demonstrate commitment, professional growth and competency. Promote Grace Home Health philosophy and administrative policies. Perform on-call responsibilities and provide on-call service to patients/families as assigned. Provide effective communication to patient/family, team members, and other health care professions.  *Education:* Graduate of an accredited Diploma, Associate or Baccalaureate School of Nursing.  *Licensure:* Current Texas state license as a Registered Nurse, current Texas Drivers License.  *Experience:* Two years experience as a Registered Nurse in a clinical care setting preferred, home health preferred.  *Skills:* Nursing skills defined as generally accepted standards of practice. Good interpersonal skills.  *Transportation:* Reliable transportation. Valid and current auto liability insurance.  *Environmental and Working Conditions:* Works in patients' homes in various conditions; proof of current CPR and Hepatitis consent/declination; possible exposure to blood and bodily fluids and infectious diseases; ability to work flexible schedule; ability to travel locally; some exposure to unpleasant weather; PRN emergency call.  *Physical and Mental Effort:* Prolonged standing and walking required, with ability to lift up to 50lbs and move patients. Requires working under some stressful conditions to meet deadlines and patient needs, and to make quick decisions and resource acquisition; meet patient/family individualized psychosocial needs. Requires hand-eye coordination and manual dexterity.






2-4-years-experience-needed associate-needed