V3Biz Corporation specializes in developing and marketing of software products and applications. Our team spirit, culture and drive to innovate fuels our growth and vision for the future. V3Biz Corporation is committed to providing our customers with world-class service and the highest quality of products.  eAmida e-learning LMS (Learning Management System) platform, to be launched by V3Biz Corporation this spring is the latest and the most sophisticated of the LMS platforms available today. Based on SaaS model, the advanced features of the all-inclusive eAmida platform offers enhanced user experience. eAmida offers multiple platforms that cater to Basic Education, Higher Education and Enterprise Education. eAmida is positioned as a software revolution to improve the way we learn.  *Job Description:*  V3Biz Corporation seeks an Account Executive to explore eAmida business opportunities in the US - MidWest. Proven track record in identifying new client opportunities and abilities in closing such opportunities is critical for this position  The Account Executive will ideally meet or exceed sales objectives in the assigned territory by promoting and selling the eAmida platform through professional sales techniques and long-term customer relationships.  *Duties and Responsibilities:*  * Identify new client opportunities * Meet or exceed sales objectives and targets * Assist clients in developing business solutions * Basic understanding of technology and software solutions sales methodology * Deliver consistent key messages that generate value for clients * Develop sales presentations, provide reports and documentation * Attend and participate in client meetings, seminars and tradeshows * Must be able to work as a team with other members of the V3Biz Corporation team  *Desired Skills and Expertise:*  * Bachelors degree required. Business degree preferred * Minimum 3 years sales experience in complex solution software sales industries. E-learning sales experience preferred. * Track record of successful achievement of assigned quotas. * Ability to manage a large pipeline of accounts at any given time. * Ability to work in a team environment. * Must possess strong leadership, motivational, and presentation skills. * Proven success in prospecting, building a pipeline, moving opportunities through the sales cycle; proposing, presenting and discussing solutions with decision-makers. * Working knowledge of web, database technology. Working knowledge of Salesforce sales automation tools preferred. * Extremely high energy and stamina to perform consistently at a high level in a demanding environment. * Must be able to travel 50%+.






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed