We are currently looking for new talent to join a growing Product Support and Customer Service Team that services one of our clients in the Healthcare Industry.      In this role you will take inbound calls from customers who have general questions about their healthcare plan. You will gather information from the caller and then transfer them to a Licensed Agent  who will complete the call.   The pay for this position is $10.00 an hour   You must have open availability within the operating hours!  Employment Type: Full-time  Requirements   Minimum Skills & Requirements Fluent in English  1 year or more inbound call center experience Prior medical or health insurance experience preferred not required Knowledge of medical terminology helpful Strong customer service orientation and follow through  Defining Success Possessing an outgoing and energetic attitude with a good sense of humor Understanding and adhering to our attendance policy Being flexible and able to adapt to change Meeting all program level metrics Respecting and following company guidelines and rules Being able to work independently and collectively Possessing patience and empathy with a passion for helping others  Please respond with your resume to this posting.   Harte Hanks offers attractive compensation plans along with a comprehensive benefits offering including: Medical, Dental, Life, PTO, 401(k), Disability, Educational Assistance, Flexible Spending Accounts and Employee Referral Bonus Plans.  About Harte Hanks:  Harte Hanks is one of the world’s leading, insight-driven multi-channel marketing organizations, delivering impactful business results for some of the world’s best known brands. Through strategic agencies and our core marketing services, we develop integrated solutions that connect brands with prospects and customers, moving them beyond awareness to transactions and brand loyalty.  Note: The information listed above is intended to describe the general nature and level of this position. Essential functions and responsibilities may change as business needs require.  Harte Hanks is an Equal Opportunity Employer






1-year-experience-needed full-time-job