B & B Trucking, Inc. – Pittsburgh, PA  TAKE PRIDE IN YOUR CAREER! WE DO!   IMMEDIATE OPENINGS FOR QUALIFIED DRIVERS WITH CLASS A CDL !!!! MUST HAVE - VALID CLASS A CDL & ONE YEAR RECENT DRIVING EXPERIENCE   Call  XXX  for an immediate interview!   We are a family owned and operated for over 40 years. We take pride in transporting the US Mail and this has earned us our reputation of supplying on time superior service at a competitive rate.   Operating with the same dedication and determination as throughout our history brings us our success today. Our objective, as team members, is to continually improve our ability to serve our customers, year after year.   To do this B & B Trucking, Inc. must have a team of people we can depend upon, day in and day out; people who take pride in doing their work well.   Our drivers operate primarily scheduled routes for the USPS   Our routes are generally scheduled for up to 50 hours per week but occasionally drivers may work up to a max of 70 hours in 8 days. Routes may be daytime or nighttime hours.   Our drivers assist in loading and unloading by pushing/pulling wheeled containers on or off trailers.   Our drivers must have a flexible schedule to meet the requirements of the USPS while remaining in compliance with DOT regulations.   Our fleet is entirely equipped with Electronic Logs.   Our drivers are offered a competitive benefit package:  •Paid vacations •10 Paid holidays •Safety award program •MVR Award Program •Group Health Insurance  •Dental/Vision Insurance •401(k) •Short- Term Disability   .....and an exciting opportunity in a solid, growing company.   If you think you might have what it takes and you take pride in what you do, come join our team!   Call  XXX  for an immediate interview!   Minimum Requirements: Minimum 21 years of age Valid CDL A License  Clean MVR  NO offenses for driving under the influence or involving drugs, alcohol or controlled substance  Ability to work any shift, weekends and holidays as necessary  Knowledge of DOT regulations  Must NOT have any felony or misdemeanor in the past 10 years






licence-needed full-time-job