Carpenter / Maintenance Technician Needed  Premium Property Solutions -- Bridgewater, MA 02324  Premium Property Solutions is in need of Lead Carpenter/Maintenance Technician to join our Construction & Renovation Team. We are a full service Construction & Maintenance company that provides innovative and flexible solutions to meet the needs of Commercial & Residential clients. We distinguish ourselves by developing a highly skilled team of professionals that are customer focused and detail oriented.    In this role, you will perform necessary carpentry repairs on commercial & residential construction projects and will have direct responsibility for project execution while leading a crew to accomplish project specifications in a timely manner to meet customer expectations and timeline goals.   The Lead must have knowledge of all phases of construction including but not limited to the following: - Possess knowledge of materials, methods and tools involved in construction, rough and finish carpentry work. - Install cabinetry, countertops and appliances. - Repair and installation of hardwood flooring - Installation of interior and exterior doors. - Painting of walls and ceilings. - Repair and replacement of windows (all types including new construction) - Repair and replace interior and exterior door locks. - Repair and installation of plaster and sheetrock (walls and ceilings) - Ensure all projects are in compliance with internal project procedures, client contract processes as well as local authority codes. - Support the project management function by assisting with change order proposals. - Work with Sub-contractors on assigned projects. - Effectively communicate project via verbal, email or written status updates to Project Manager/Administrator. - Reporting of daily job reports - Immediate Reporting of any Safety/hazard conditions and any accidents/medical conditions. - Oversee any material purchasing and submitting documents to project manager. - Take and process photos - Demonstrate ability to cope with stress and maintain a pleasant and cooperative temperament with team members and clients - Promote a safe and professional work environment at all times. - Complete work ethically and morally. Improving efficiency of work as needed. - Flexibility to work overtime/weekends, when necessary on call -Ability to learn basic computer field constructions software -Must be willing to travel various sites in company assigned territories in Mass.     MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS (Education, Licenses, Skills and/or Abilities Required): - Must be able to pass random drug testing and criminal background check. - Must have a clean driving record for past 7 years. - Must have own basic hand tools. - Associates degree OR minimum of 3 years of experience in the construction Industry or related field, or an equivalent combination of education and experience. - Residential Remodel / Repair 3+ years - OSHA 10 Required - Mass CSL Required - Knowledge of the common practices, tools and terminology of the construction trade. - Ability to work from specifications, follow rough sketches and/or oral instructions - Ability to estimate time and materials needed - Ability to operate common woodworking machinery. - Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions to promote a safe working environment. - Ability to read, write and do mathematics associated with carpentry work.    PHYSICAL DEMANDS: Physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job.  While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to talk, hear, walk, sit, and use hands to operate computer keyboard and telephone. The employee is occasionally required to reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; and stoop, kneel or crouch. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 25 pounds and occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 pounds.  Premium Property Solutions offer competitive compensation that aligns with our business strategies and comprehensive benefits to help you live your healthiest. We are committed to building an inclusive and diverse culture that engages as well as values the different backgrounds and experiences of our employees. 






full-time-job supervising-job associate-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed