Preferred Medical Plan is hiring experienced Encounter and Business Analysts to assist the plan in submission and analysis of encounter data. Extensive experience with Florida Medicaid encounter submission as well as knowledge of Medicare submission desired. Familiarity with commercial business and expected requirements for Federally Facilitated Marketplace (ACA Exchange) encounter submission a plus.  In general, the Analysts will be responsible for all data submissions to/returns from the Agency for Health Care Administration (AHCA, the Florida Medicaid Agency) as well as the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS).   *Duties include:* · Gathering and analysis (for accuracy and completeness) of all capitated encounter claims from PCPs and capitated subcontractors. · The export of all claims and capitated encounters from our QNXT claims system and submission to AHCA and CMS. · Analysis of claims and encounter submissions for accuracy and completeness. · Tracking of submissions for timeliness, accuracy and completeness to regulatory bodies. · Remediation of deficient claims and encounter submissions. · Submissions beyond encounter submissions, including risk adjustment, financial and clinical reports/submissions for Medicaid, Medicare, and state Exchanges. · Maintenance of our encounter database and changes to our import and export processes · Work in conjunction with the IT department on data and claims issues, planning and program development as it relates to successful encounter management. · Analysis of existing and future encounter submission regulatory guidelines to ensure compliance with regulatory mandates. · Planning and implementation of system changes required for ongoing compliant encounter submissions · Coordination with other departments, including claims, provider relations and sub capitated vendors to ensure robust and accurate encounter reporting.  *Required Experience:* · Bachelor’s degree in business, computer science or finance, or extensive experience in the health care data and encounter management field. · Minimum 3 years’ experience with encounter data reporting and submission. · Experience with Florida Medicaid encounter submission, preferred. ·Proficiency scripting/maintaining/troubleshooting SQL Server 2008/2012 queries/stored procedures and set-up/maintenance of SQL Server jobs. ·Experience with XML / XSLT code writing and XML parsing. ·Working knowledge of current coding languages as well as associated development environments. (Java, JavaScript, .net, PHP, html, etc..) · Experience with CMS Medicare encounter submission, preferred. · Extensive knowledge of EDI and HIPAA transactions. · IT business analyst or IT systems analyst experience, preferred. · Software developer knowledge or experience, preferred. · Knowledge of TriZetto QNXT system preferred.  *Required skills:* · Professional verbal and written communication skills, with the ability to clearly articulate thoughts and ideas · Organizational skills with the ability to handle multiple tasks and/or projects at one time · Customer service skills with the ability to interact professionally and effectively with providers, vendors, third party payers, physicians, regulatory entities, and staff from all departments within and outside the plan · Analytical and interpretation skills including departmental, utilization, financial and operations data · Decision-making skills with the ability to investigate and weigh alternatives and select the course of action that provides the greatest benefit to the organization · Time management skills with the ability to prioritize and schedule daily activities for the most efficient use of time and meet stringent deadlines · Problem solving skills with the ability to look for root causes and implementable, workable solutions · Interpersonal skills with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment and participate as an independent contributor with little supervision or as an active team member depending on the situation and needs






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed