Augusta Sportswear, Inc., based in Augusta, Georgia is a manufacturer / distributer of team sportswear, athletic wear, outer wear, and accessories with multiple divisions within the United States, is seeking a Director of Customer Care.  The primary role of the position is to direct and manage activities of the Customer Care Department by performing the following duties:    Duties and Responsibilities:  • Prepare and implement standardized procedures to improve efficiency of the department.  • Prepare and manage departmental budgets.  • Analyze and address department reports provided by Supervisors.  • Issue written and oral instructions.  • Interview, hire, and dismiss department employees as necessary.  • Address any employee grievances.  • Address any unsatisfied customer complaints/issues.  • Monitor Customer Service Representatives to assist in responding to customer inquiries and complaints.  • Build and maintain business relationship with customers by providing prompt and accurate service.  • Solicit sales for additional merchandise.  • Support Sales in product and literature department.  • Support Sales in trade show and customer visits as necessary.  • Communicate with other departments any product or sales trends from customer calls.  • Ability to communicate expectations and hold individuals accountable to established performance metrics.    Supervisory Responsibilities:  Manage subordinate supervisors who in-turn supervise approximately 40 employees in the Customer Care Department.  Responsible for the overall direction, coordination, and evaluation of this unit.  Carry out supervisory responsibilities in accordance with the organization’s policies and applicable laws. Responsible for interviewing, hiring, and training employees; planning, assigning, and directing work; appraising performance; rewarding and disciplining employees; addressing complaints and resolving problems.    Skills/Qualifications:  Bachelor’s degree or equivalent from four-year College or technical school; or three to five years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.     Computer skills:    Familiar with ERP software.  Proficient in Microsoft Office application.     Teamwork: Exhibits objectivity and openness to others’ views. Gives and welcomes feedback. Contributes to building a positive team spirit. Able to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives. Supports everyone’s efforts to succeed.       We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and a Drug-Free Workplace.  Qualified candidate must be able to pass a Criminal Background Screening.     Qualified applicants forward resume, salary history, and salary requirements.






2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed