Motif Design Inc. is hiring a full-time inside business-to-business sales professional who is responsible for retaining and growing current accounts and for gaining new market share in a given territory.  Position Description: • Articulate and position Motif Design products, services and solutions to key decision makers • Aggressively pursue competitive accounts; strive to differentiate Motif Design from competitors • Generate new leads through cold calling and networking, acting as an assertive hunter who enjoys a competitive, quota-driven sales environment. • Propose and close sales that achieve total revenue growth, profit and customer satisfaction plans • Sustain sales activities; appointments, demos, proposals, cold calls, and database updates  Basic Requirements: • Proficiency using MS Office Suite (PowerPoint, Word, Excel & Outlook)  • Experience in solution or consultative selling, and a solid comfort level and experience in cold calling and making customer presentations. • Self-starter with personal drive and internal motivation toward high achievement who manages time and projects effectively. • Ability to work collaboratively and effectively in a team-oriented environment  • Demonstrated flexibility and adaptability; willingness to take risks and try new approaches  Desired Qualifications: • BS/BA/AA degree strongly preferred • Previous sales experience preferred, but not required • Must have valid driver's license and be able to travel within the U.S.  Compensation and Benefits Package to include: • Targeted earnings of $50,000 for first year entry level • Very competitive base salary  • Lucrative commission structure  • Medical, dental and vision insurance plan options available after 3 month probation period  Company Overview: Motif Design is one of Southern California's leading exhibition services companies specializing in tradeshow/convention design, solutions, and systems. From design and fabrication to labor and logistics systems, we provide the broadest portfolio of custom and rental exhibit turnkey services for companies of any size and in any industry. We focus on product-driven companies and industries - from electronics, fashion, and accessories to manufacturing and service institutions. Learn more at www.example.com.  This employment is offered by Motif Design Inc. Motif Design Inc. is an equal opportunity employer.






full-time-job salary bs-degree-needed