Responsible for the administration, coordination and maintenance of all HRIS needs. Provide daily support in the administration of benefit plans.  ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS • Enter and maintain HRIS database information to ensure accuracy and integrity of all data elements.  This includes but is not limited to new hires, transfers, pay and job changes, personal data and terminations.    • Run queries to verify data is correct.  • Write, maintain and support a variety of management reports or queries.  Assist in the development of standard reports for ongoing customer needs.    • Serve as liaison with HRIS system provider and other functional users (e.g. payroll) for researching   • Assist in the review, testing and implementation of all HRIS system upgrades. • Act as primary contact for Unemployment claims • Administer Worker’s Comp and Short-term Disability claim reporting. Serve as liaison between carriers, sites and employees. • Submit benefits changes to carriers and update HRIS system • Respond to employee benefits inquiries and troubleshoot areas of difficulty • Create and distribute benefits update and open enrollment materials • Reconcile and submit adjustments for benefits deductions on payroll • Reconcile and ensure timely payment of benefits invoices • Produce and distribute salary memos • Complete tracking of the Exclusion List • Compile and submit data for Federal/State reporting (i.e., EEO-1, PD6, IDA, etc.) • Process tuition stipend applications and track payments  • Complete employee verifications.    POSITION QUALIFICATIONS  Competency Statement(s) • Accurate - Ability to perform work accurately and thoroughly. • Adaptability - Ability to adapt to change in the workplace. • Communication - Ability to communicate effectively with others, using the spoken and written word. • Interpersonal - Ability to get along well with a variety of personalities and individuals. • Organized - Possessing the trait of being organized or following a systematic method of performing a task. • Problem Solving - Ability to find a solution for or to deal proactively with work-related problems. • Reliability - The trait of being dependable and trustworthy. • Responsible - Ability to be held accountable or answerable for one’s conduct.  Education  Bachelor's Degree (four year college or university)  Experience  One to two years related experience  SKILLS & ABILITIES  Computer Skills  Functional knowledge of HRIS Databases (i.e. Kronos)  Computer logical  Other Requirements  Good understanding of HR processes and data, including defining system requirements for benefits procedures,   eligibility and other HR processes. Must have strong organizational skills along with excellent interpersonal   communication skills






bs-degree-needed 1-year-experience-needed