Want to work in a fun and fast paced environment on the cutting edge of our Green Future? Want to be rewarded for your “Type A” personality, your drive, and your sales acumen? Want to offer customers something they actually want and need in a total “win-win” environment? Like making money? We do too, so if you’ve answered “Yes, yes, yes, yes!” to these questions, we want to talk to you!    We agree that “Can you make it rain?” might be a highly overused analogy, but when it fits it fits. We’re looking for aggressive Sales Representatives for our New Orleans and Baton Rouge area territories. These are largely untapped markets with tremendous potential for us and for someone like you! Our Sales Representatives must first be hunters! We’ll need you to go out and secure new business every day of the week. However, a good hunter knows that it’s easier to retain a current customer than find a new one. So, it will be imperative for the successful Sales Representative to maintain their Book of Business, cultivating strong relationships and continued business.    You’ll partner with restaurants to offer them a service they really, truly need! (Who doesn’t love that?) We then service the restaurants you’ve signed up, with your help, helping them to turn their used cooking oil into planet friendly, completely sustainable, zero greenhouse gas emission producing Biofuel. We reduce our overall dependence on fossil fuels, we create something useful from a previous waste product, and we stride forth into our collective Green Future. Restaurant, happy. Planet, happy. Company, happy. You… very happy, and very well compensated, might we add.    Have we whet your appetite? Then submit your resume and we’ll be in touch soon.  If you’re brought one board, you’ll enjoy a consistent compensation plan with tremendous (and we mean it) opportunity for upside, health benefits, company retirement plan, and more. What are you waiting for? Your resume isn’t going to submit itself.    Oh yea, requirements… knew we forgot something.  Minimum 1 year successful B2B outside sales experience with demonstrated success.  Sales experience in the food service industry a huge plus.  Existing contacts within the food service world a major plus, but not a requirement.  Ability to adjust your sales presentation to your client and his/her needs.  Comfortable with technology and Computer literate  Extremely effective communicator.  Driven competitive nature, but able to act a member of a team.  Aggressive “Type-A” personality ready to take on a new challenge and sink your teeth in. 






1-year-experience-needed