Job Description:  The Assistant Federal Defender provides zealous, professional legal representation to clients charged with federal criminals offenses.  Attorney responsibilities include managing an extensive caseload with cases at varying stages of litigation; preparing pleadings, briefs and motions; developing litigation strategies; meeting with clients, experts, witnesses and family members;  appearing on behalf of clients in court; and other duties as assigned.  Requirements and Qualifications:  The successful applicant must be a graduate from an accredited law school, a member in good standing of the bar of any state or territory and have at least 4 years of experience defending criminal cases. Trial experience, excellent research, writing and oral advocacy skills are required.  The applicant must be able to immediately assume an active caseload, work in a team environment, and communicate effectively, exhibit effective organizational skills and an ability to set priorities.  Lawyers of the office may not engage in the private practice of law.  Above all, candidates mus have a strong commitment to providing first-rate representation to indigent persons in proceeding under criminal law.  Salary and Benefits:  This is a full-time position with federal salary and benefits based on qualifications and experience.  The position is excepted service and does not carry the tenure rights of the competitive Civil Service.  Benefits include health and life insurance, retirement and the Thrift Savings Plan.  This position is subject to mandatory Electronic Funds Transfer (direct deposit) participation for payment of net salary.  Employment will be considered provisional pending the successful outcome of a background check, including FBI fingerprint check and IRS “tax check.”   Application Information:  Qualified applicants should send by mail a letter of interest, a current detailed resume and writing samples to Angela Mouser, Administrative Officer, 250 E. 5th St., Suite 350, Cincinnati, OH  45202.  Applications will be accepted until the position is filled with priority to applications received before March 17, 2014.  The Federal Public Defender, Southern District of Ohio is an equal opportunity employer.  Women, minorities and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply.  One or more applicants may be selected from this posting.  This position is subject to the availability of funds.






full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed salary ms-or-phd-needed