VANTAGE Home Care is seeking an experienced home health care Account Executive / Community Liaison for Hernando and Citrus Counties. We are seeking an energetic individual who understands the importance of relationships and knows how to build them. The candidate must possess of healthcare sales experience, preferably in home care.     As a Community Liaison, you will be responsible for expanding VANTAGE Home Care's business throughout Hernando and Citrus Counties. You will be responsible for generating referrals for home care by building relationships with physicians, hospitals, long term care, independent and assisted living facilities and other community resources. Responsibilities include developing sales strategy, goals and plans, conducting sales calls, and evaluating results and effectiveness of sales activity. The Community Liaison will establish strong relationships with new referral sources.     This position requires an individual who is highly motivated, results driven, and able to develop and build strong, lasting relationships. Excellent planning, organization and presentation skills are critical. Recent healthcare marketing or sales experience is required. The ideal candidate must have established healthcare contacts in the community.    • Prior sales/marketing experience in the health care industry, preferably in home health care  • Proven ability to develop and implement a sales and marketing plan  • Evidence of achieving referral goals within the market  • Excellent oral/written communication and interpersonal skills      DIRECTOR OF PATIENT CARE SERVICES     Currently seeking a compassionate Registered Nurse for our full or part time Director of Patient Care Services position.     Director's responsibilities include:   Direct and manage office clinical activities. Including but not limited to patient assessments, management of care plans, oversee all patient issues from areas of concern to resolutions resulting in superior service. Implement, coordinate, maintain and evaluate all levels of patient care.   Candidate must ensure proper communication between clinical staff, patients, referral sources and payers. Discuss operational issues; update staff on new or changed regulations and review records and documentation to ensure regulatory and in-house compliance.     Must be willing to direct and participate in agency objectives to improve relations with patients, community and referral sources. This may include but not limited to participation in sales calls to referral sources if needed.     Conduct start of care visits, routine nursing visits, nursing assessments, discharge visits and client visits ensuring quality and services.     Qualified candidates will have:     Valid RN License     Minimum of three years previous experience in home healthcare     Knowledge of Federal and State Regulations     Full working knowledge of Medicare, OASIS, PPS and daily operations of homecare agency       VANTAGE Home Health Care believes home health care must be delivered with compassion, excellence, and reliability. To be a part of a caring, professional team that provides the highest quality care while developing your career with an industry leader. Apply now for immediate consideration.   please call, email your resume or fax to  XXX      VANTAGE HOME CARE  1275 KASS CIRCLE  SPRING HILL FL. 34606  PHONE:  XXX 






licence-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed