General Manager  We are looking for an outgoing, experienced individual to join our team as the General Manager of one of our Subway restaurants. This position will be responsible for directing the daily operations of the restaurant, and operating it in accordance with prescribed policies and practices. The individual we hire will make the key decisions for the restaurant they manage.  Principal Duties and Responsibilities General Manager:  Plan and ensure the professional growth & development of the Management team and crew members. Assess all restaurant employees’ performance via regular performance reviews and ongoing training and coaching. Demonstrate and train superior customer service skills to guarantee guest satisfaction. Coordinate and lead restaurant-level meetings, and attend managerial meetings and courses for continued development. Understand the restaurant’s budget in planning, staffing, marketing, and sales objectives. Complete full weekly inventory and food orders, as well as daily cash management functions (cash reports, deposits etc., in its entirety) Complete weekly schedule for all restaurant personnel, considering proper staffing levels for seasons and peak business periods. Know and manage compliance with federal, state and local labor laws and ensure the restaurant is completing regular safety / cleaning / operations checklists to guarantee guest satisfaction and readiness for restaurant inspections. Oversee daily maintenance of all equipment, stock areas, sales areas, building and grounds. Conduct random morning, afternoon, and evening visits to ensure compliance with store policies and procedures.  Job Specifications General Manager: Knowledge, skills and abilities normally required for successful performance for this position:  2+ years experience in a food service/retail environment 2 or 4 year degree, or equivalent work experience Strong interpersonal and leadership skills Judgment, tact, and diplomacy to effectively resolve conflicts as a General Manager Intermediate PC skills - ability to use basic word processing and spreadsheet software for internal communications and data analysis






bs-degree-needed full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job