Brilliance is a leading online retailer of Fine Jewelry, Engagement Rings, and Certified Diamonds. In business for over twenty years, we are expanding our online presence to become a leading e-commerce site for diamond and jewelry sales.  Brilliance is committed to providing our customers with the best online shopping experience, offering unique services such as a 30-day Money Back Guarantee, Free Express Shipping, and a Gemological Appraisal with every purchase.  *Description: Administrative Assistant*   We are looking for someone who can enhance effectiveness by providing management support. Hiree will play an important role in keeping the office running smoothly and communicating between departments. Due to the importance of this position, sensitivity to confidential matters will be required. At the beginning, the position will require more clerical and office support but over time we expect the hiree to be able to handle more advanced matters such as dealing with vendors and office management. Organization, communication and ability to handle pressure will be crucial.   *Responsibilities:*  Responsibilities may include screening calls; customer relations; fielding telephone calls; receiving and directing visitors; word processing; creating spreadsheets; filing; faxing; software skills are required, as well as Internet research abilities and strong communication skills; organizing and maintaining files and records.  * Produces information by transcribing, formatting, inputting, editing, retrieving, copying, and transmitting text, data, and graphics. * Welcomes guests and customers by greeting them, in person or on the telephone; answering or directing inquiries. * Maintains customer confidence and protects operations by keeping information confidential. * Prepares reports by collecting and analyzing information.   *Skills/Qualifications:*   Administrative Writing Skills, Reporting Skills, Microsoft Office Skills, Organization, Time Management, Verbal Communication. Requires strong computer and Internet skills, flexibility, excellent interpersonal skills, project coordination experience, and the ability to work well with all levels of internal management and staff, as well as outside clients and vendors.






