Success starts here with our Co-operative Lending Platform   A Co-operative Style Lending Platform is rare in our industry today. We encourage branch autonomy where  possible. Our approach is to assist our branch partners in preserving the company culture that you have worked so  tirelessly to build. Our goal is not to take away the essence of your business but to share operational, legal,  underwriting, regulatory and compliance resources. Bringing successful business owners together to scale services,  reduce costs and limit liabilities is the core of our offering. This is what truly differentiates GSF from the competition.  At GSF, we have a roster full of mortgage-industry rock stars. In business for 20 years, our people are forward-thinking, passionate and motivated individuals with a commitment to excellent customer service. If you’re looking for a dynamic company with a great work culture, benefits and a remarkable reputation, then you’ve definitely come to the right place.  Benefits include (but not limited to): *Highly Competitive Compensation Plan *LO personalized website with customer interface *Exclusive Marketing Portal – Create and Customize Branded Marketing Campaigns *Professional Social Media marketing tools for clients and realtors *Alacarte Marketing Platforms, i.e, robust CRM/Database, referral partner marketing and one-of-a-kind credit monitor system *401k *Health *Dental/Vision/Rx *Life Insurance   Requirements:  * *A current valid Mortgage Loan Originator (MLO) license* * 3+years of experience as a loan officer or branch manager * A college degree or equivalent  GSF Mortgage Corp. is looking for you!  We are looking for people with the following skills:  *1. Bring proven sales methods, referral sources, and a robust book of business.* 3. Creation and implementation of effective sales strategies to achieve objectives. 4. Attain knowledge of all products, procedures and services offered by GSF Mortgage Corp.   No Relocation required - Remote Position






licence-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed