*Mattioni Plumbing, Heating & Cooling* is looking for a Service Plumber with at least *5 years* of experience.  For over sixty years, Mattioni Plumbing, Heating & Cooling Inc.’s dedicated employees have proudly served the Chester County, Pennsylvania area with their knowledgeable, courteous, and professional service.  A.F. Mattioni & Sons Plumbing & Heating was founded on the Mattioni family farm along the (back then) very rural Route 113 outside of Downingtown, PA in 1948. The original barn which housed the company still stands!  A newer, larger building on the family’s property is the current home for the Mattioni brothers’ version of their father’s service-oriented business, but their commitment to quality has not changed.  *The Role*  We’re looking for exceptional technicians to deliver the most efficient, highest quality customer experiences in residential plumbing repair and installation.   As a plumbing technician, you will work as part of a dynamic and passionate team to demonstrate technical compentency and ensure desired sales metrics. You will diagnose and repair plumbing issues and lead customers to informed and confident buying decisions.   *Responsibilities*   • Complete plumbing, drain cleaning and other related in-home, service calls.  • Know how to establish customer rapport to sell the right products and services.  • Educate and assist customers in choosing the best finance options and maintenance plans.  • Understand your sales criteria and hold yourself accountable for exceeding revenue goals.  • Show yourself as professional and knowledgeable to win new referrals and repeat business.  • Work alongside customer service and dispatch to ensure overall success of the business.  • Maintain a clean, organized job site and well inventoried truck.  • Participate actively in all training exercises, morning meetings and retreats. • Train and mentor apprentices to ensure quick, accurate repairs and installations.  • Be accurate and timely with invoices, time cards, curbside feedback and option sheets.  *Requirements*  • A Positive Attitude is a must • Licensed with knowledge of local plumbing codes and ability to make on-the-job applications.  • Proven track record in soldering, pipe threading, fixture installation, gas leak testing and repair.  • Clean, safe driving record.  • Highly organized with exceptional follow-through abilities.  • Strong verbal and written communications. • Passionate about Mattioni's and loves the brand.  • High integrity with advanced social skills and ability to make solid connections.  • Strong desires to be a better technician tomorrow than you are today.  • Outgoing personality that blends well with a fast-paced, goal-driven environment.  • Competitive individual contributor who also loves to win as a team.   • Highly motivated, self-starter who’s flexible and has a great attitude on life.  *Benefits*  • Six paid holidays.  • Eligible to join group health plan.  Mattioni, Inc. will pay up to $300.00 per month towards the premium for the employee coverage. If you wish to include your dependents in our company health insurance plan the premium for family coverage will be deducted from your bi-weekly paychecks.  • Eligible to receive company uniforms.  Mattioni, Inc. will pay for the uniforms, with a small cost to cover laundering.    After 1 year of Full Time Employment, you are eligible for 5 paid vacation days and 2 paid personal days and 6 paid holidays.  • Eligible to join the company Simple IRA Retirement Plan  Mattioni, Inc also offers voluntary Aflac and Legal Shield programs.  Field Techs welcome to complimentary company breakfast on Friday mornings. Office Staff welcome to complimentary company breakfast on Wednesday mornings.






full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed