Senior Financial Analyst - 65 to 80k plus bonus  •  Lead the monthly variance analyses of actual financial results (P&L, Balance Sheet, Cash Flow).  Collaborate with senior leaders of the Business Unit to clearly articulate the linkage between operational and financial performance. •  Create and maintain forecasting processes based on key operational assumptions to accurately predict future performance.  Lead the rolling forecast process and consolidate Business Unit projections at the departmental, plant  and enterprise levels.  Work with leadership to develop and propose plans to address deviations from targets. •  Analyze customer profitability, with emphasis on product costing and margins analysis.  Works closely with leadership team to identify opportunities to improve overall profitability of the business segments.   •  Analyze proposed business opportunities, projects and other pending decisions, both strategic and tactical to determine impact on company’s financial results and to identify ways to improve the economics for the company. •  Prepare financial schedules, reports and presentations for various groups, including Corporate Head Office, Controllers Group and CEO & other senior leaders. •  Develop annual budget supported by tactical actions to deliver results aligned with strategic objectives.  Implement ongoing improvements to the Budget process. •  Support ad hoc analysis & projects in support of the strategy of the business.  •  Ensure that internal controls included in FP&A processes are properly performed for all activities in conjunction and adherence to Sarbanes-Oxley guidelines.     EXPECTATIONS -   • An experienced financial analyst who will develop analysis to lead change.  Must have ability to influence others with conclusions of the financial analysis so the business can attain the targeted objectives. • Confident team player with strong interpersonal skills who can work across multiple functions to achieve goals. • Active analyst skill set which can construct complex financial models that parallel the business options and outlook.  • Fosters teamwork, leads change and demonstrates integrity. • Possesses a “whatever it takes to get the job done” attitude; goal and deadline oriented. • Self-motivated and goal-oriented person with a drive to succeed. • Possesses irrefutable business and personal ethics.   SKILLS/QUALIFICATIONS/EXPERIENCE  -  BS in Finance or Accounting required; CPA and/or MBA a plus -  Minimum 2 years of related experience in financial analysis or public accounting -  Ability to analyze complex information, draw logical conclusions about business implications and identify actions - Strong interpersonal, written and oral communication skills including the ability to present and explain financial results in a credible, professional manner to wide variety of audiences - Experienced with Excel, Access and PowerPoint - Strong knowledge of management reporting practices and solid familiarity related to US GAAP.   






salary 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job