*Experienced You Must be in the field Currently** Looking for long standing relationships. True Profit sharing.  EXPERIENCE SEASONED MEDICAL ONLY PLEASE  PHYSICIAN RELATIONSHIPS  Residual income.    Seasoned Area Manager  Health Care Consultants Senior Professionals   Consultants  Compounding sales Pain Scar Creams. Large medical database holders.  Have you worked with Plastic Surgeons  Sports Medicine OB/GYN Podiatry Diabetes  Dentist Family Practice Pain Management Pain Cream Scar Gels  Welcome to the fastest growing sector in the industry. Once a doctor gets on a Custom webinar close ratio is 92%  Do you have knowledge of the medical field and familiar with its terminology? Have you previously worked in any of these fields: pharmaceutical rep, pain management, plastic surgeon, sports medicine, medical device sales, urgent care, medical marketers or have a large doctor database?  Do you know tons of doctors or people in the medical field? If so, we would love to speak with you about a great income opportunity. As a Sales Representative/Area Manager, you can be compensated two ways: either by per deal or as a residual income stream. More information will be given when we are in contact.  Our company provides software solutions were NOT selling software we give it to them and it does not interfere with there current practice. This for private practitioner and pharmacies to help them increase their bottom line and ability to combat the ever challenging medical field and remaining profitable. Med. Streamline Solutions product is a HIPAA, Stark and Sunshine compliant software infrastructure and suite of services that will make both the doctor's and patient's lives easier.  Summary of responsibilities:  As a Nationwide Representative using your relationships is 90% or the job, the product sells itself and the fact that you are assisting the medical practitioner and pharmacist to increase their Bottom Line will make it that much easier to offer these suites of services to them. Your job will be to harness the relationships you have in the medical field present or past and tell them how these products will let them schedule more patients at NO COST to them at all.  **Minimum Qualifications:  This position is great for Medical industry contacts looking to supplement their income as a second job, or if you are just seeking flexible role and you have a thorough knowledge and background in the medical industry; motivated; passionate about the field and good interpersonal skills. Bi-Lingual and tri lingual A+++ but not necessary  How To Apply:  To apply for this opportunity you can submit resume by clicking apply now button.  **If you have lots of Doctor Relationships you will make money and they will thank you for helping there practice  *This arrangement is HIPAA compliant and does not involve medical treatment of patients. We comply with stark, Anti-kickback and Sunshine Act statues for full transparency and the security of our Physicians.  EEO Statement Med. Streamline Solutions does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, or any other characteristic protected by law.






