Martin Luther King Jr. Freedom Center OUTREACH WORKER, COMMUNITY EDUCATOR PART TIME (20 HR. WEEK) OR FULL TIME (40 HR. WEEK) AVAILABLE 10 MONTH POSITION March to December, 2015 SEND RESUME AND COVER LETTER to example@example.com $15 to 18 an hour, based on experience www.example.com  Join in dynamic Oakland collaboration providing Foreclosure Prevention Information to families threatened by imminent foreclosure and developing student participation. * Receive training in nationally renowned nonviolence leadership education * Engage in your own personal transformation * Work with a team of dedicated community organizers  * Work with others at the Freedom Center on student participation  Summary of position: Part time OR Full time position, March to December, 2014. Candidate to work with the Martin Luther King Jr. Freedom Center on an outreach campaign. Door-to-door presentations with families and students. Some phone presentations are necessary, as well as speaking at public gatherings.   Required Skill and Qualifications:  An out-going candidate who cares about people, and is comfortable doing door-to-door canvassing with families of diverse backgrounds, and who has a desire to work in a campaign style environment. Coaching experience and/or community organizing experience are a benefit. Must be able to demonstrate competence and interest in the study and practice of the principles of nonviolence which place one's personal transformation as the basis for one's social participation and leadership. This requires daily journaling, study, an openness to give and receive criticism and the desire for one's conduct to be reflective of one's vision. Candidate will be required to follow the guidelines and methodology for presentations that have been created by the Martin Luther King Jr. Freedom Center. Must have valid driver's license and insured vehicle.   Components of the Job:  * Be able to represent the mission, goals and purpose of the Martin Luther King Jr. Freedom Center * Actively participate in all team processes, trainings and activities. * Must be available to work evenings and weekends as assigned. * Logistical and technical skills required for effective work results (attention to details, punctuality, precision, writing skills and documentation skills). * Capacity to develop and maintain public relations with public administrators, elected officials, and leaders from the community, businesses, labor and faith based organizations. * Capacity to communicate well with individuals from cultures different than your own.  Salary/Benefits: $15 to 18 per hour, depending on experience, 20 or 40 hours per week (evening and weekend shifts per assignment). No benefits.  TO APPLY: SEND RESUME AND COVER LETTER by email to example@example.com






hourly-wage