Responsibilities:    * Provide organized, consistent, and effective routine project support to internal Project Management team members and external clients, subcontractors, and vendors that comply with Company procedures and standards and Administrative Manual to help produce positive project outcomes.    * Assist in creating a team atmosphere.  * Under close supervision, efficiently and effectively process, organize, copy, and file routine project management-related forms and documents including but not limited to submittals, contracts, cost documents, log books, process change orders, enter requests for payment, etc.  Coordinate work schedule and workload with Group supervisor.  * Accurately collect and organize information and data from project management systems, files, team staff members, and other sources into routine Company reports in standard format (such as certified payroll and TIF reports) for distribution.  * Assist project team members in bidding (including SmartBidNet), close-out, and other processes by efficiently managing forms, paperwork, and providing timely and effective communication (e-mail, telephone, etc.) to internal staff and external customers and subcontractors.  * Prepare routine, non-technical correspondence (such as letters, memos, meeting notes, and proposals) and review outgoing materials for conformance with the Company’s standard operating procedures, practices, and formats.  * Timely process and distribute incoming mail (and may respond to routine items not requiring supervisor’s attention), and screen incoming telephone calls and visitors.  * Coordinate subcontractor pay application process in accordance with company policy.   * Monitor specific subcontractor compliance codes.   * Support project management’s timely preparation of monthly and final owner billings.   * Track subcontractor and supplier lien waivers and affidavits.  * Other duties as assigned.    Qualifications:    Must Have  * 1-3 years office support or clerical experience  * Strong software skills in Word and Excel  * Excellent typing skills  * Detail oriented personality  * Strong organizational skills  * Ability to work in a team environment and initiative to work alone  * Disciplined work ethic  * Great attitude and energy  * Flexible work schedule – Overtime is sometimes necessary    Should Have  * Excellent communications skills and phone etiquette  * Ability to multi-task  * Ability to work for multiple managers    Nice to Have  * Construction background    To all recruitment agencies: With regard to this position, JE Dunn does not accept unsolicited resumes from agencies or independent agents.  Please do not forward unsolicited resumes to our CEO, Human Resources Director, Human Resources representatives or any employees within our organization.  JE Dunn will not be responsible for any fees associated with unsolicited resumes.






1-year-experience-needed