Alliances Management is a U.S.-based professional services and consulting firm with staff around the globe. We work with world-class organizations such as Visa, eBay, EMVCo, and GlobalPlatform.   Alliances Management is currently looking to hire a full-time Web & IT Manager. The chosen individual will be based remotely and will support company and client personnel with website updates, IT management, graphic design, and implementation of technical policies.  Annual compensation for this opportunity will be in the range of $60,000 depending on skill level and relevant experience.  Responsibilities:   Website Design & Updates (50% of time) – Candidate will support Alliances Management clients by updating client websites, including text edits, addition or removal of documents, additions or removal of pages, and basic graphic updating. This also includes management of email distribution lists and sending HTML-formatted emails.  Member & IT Support (25% of time) – Candidate will support clients by establishing new user accounts, onboarding new participants, updating passwords, and more. Candidate will also be asked to provide basic-level IT support, including creating email accounts, establishing forwarding or aliases in various control panels, managing Company’s online backup policy, and troubleshooting PCs as required.   Graphic Design (10% of time) – Candidate will be asked to modify existing graphics, format documents, and assist both company and client personnel with graphical requirements. This may involve working with outside designers for more complex projects.  Strategic Projects (15% of time) – The Web & IT Manager will be responsible for implementing new Company policies, such as selection of collaboration software, selection of backup plans; making recommendations for future IT decisions; and producing documentation to summarize Company or client IT circumstances.  Requirements & Skills:  • Proficiency with HTML and CSS • Familiar with using FTP clients • Adobe Dreamweaver (or similar HTML editor) knowledge required • Knowledge of Wordpress, including template customization, and the ability to learn custom CMS’s • Experience with Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop • Nice to have: Knowledge of PHP, MySQL, ASP, and Adobe InDesign • 5+ years’ experience and success with web, design, and related responsibilities • Ability to work well in a “matrix” organization that requires answering to different managers and working with individuals across different parts of the company • Familiarity and experience working with business professionals from different cultural backgrounds • Extreme attention to detail • Positive attitude and a team player—both with managers and colleagues  How to Apply  In the body of your application, explain why you are the right candidate for the opportunity. Please be specific. Please also include salary history/expectations, any additional information you would like us to know, and any questions that you have.  As Alliances Management is a virtual company, all employees work from home. The Web & IT Manager will do the same while employed by Alliances Management, based in Silicon Valley, California. In order to meet company requirements to manage client projects, the selected candidate will ordinarily need to work U.S. hours (8:00 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. U.S. Pacific Time); however, there will be times when it will be critical to work alternative hours in order to meet client expectations.   In everything we do, we place our clients’ needs first. Visit www.example.com to learn more.






salary 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job