SUMMARY: The Ohio Association of Child Caring Agencies (OACCA) provides a challenging and rewarding work environment that fosters teamwork, inspires professional excellence, and aims to improve the lives of children. The Executive Assistant position is full-time and based in our office in Columbus, Ohio. The successful candidate will manage the day to day operations of the office and provide clerical support to the Executive Director.    QUALIFICATIONS: In order to adequately fulfill this position an individual must have:   An Associate’s Degree or higher level of education.   Minimum of four years of experience working in a professional office environment.   Excel at Microsoft Office Suite (Word/Excel/PowerPoint); ability to quickly gain proficiency using other software; knowledge of QuickBooks preferred.   A working knowledge of office equipment, including computers, copiers, and phone systems.   Excellent written and verbal communication skills, in English; ability to interact with a diverse community.   A valid Ohio driver’s license and reliable transportation.   The ability to be flexible, personable, and a self-starter.   The ability to manage multiple work assignments and responsibilities simultaneously.   The ability to work independently and as a member of a team.   A professional, polite, and client-focused demeanor, and excellent customer service skills.    DUTIES: Under the direction of the Executive Director, this employee is responsible for:   Planning and coordinating logistics of on-site and off-site meetings, trainings, and conferences.   Establishing an efficient method of maintaining business and financial records.   Sending invoices, paying bills, and making bank deposits.   Completing payroll information and maintaining employee time off records.   Managing client databases.   Preparing business and financial reports.   Coordinating business travel arrangements for staff.   Preparing postal and email mailings and updating company website.   Providing office hospitality, including preparing meeting rooms and arranging food & beverages.   Maintaining office supplies and researching, pricing, and purchasing furniture and supplies.    WAGE AND BENEFITS: Hourly rate $14.00-$16.00/hour; negotiable and commensurate with experience. Paid vacation, sick leave, health, dental, life insurance coverage, and 401(k) retirement program.    COMPANY PROFILE: Founded in 1973, the Ohio Association of Child Caring Agencies (OACCA) is a non-profit statewide trade association located in Columbus, Ohio. The association provides professional services to dozens of child and family service providers located throughout Ohio, including foster care and mental health agencies. OACCA holds meetings at its office, conducts trainings and conferences throughout Central Ohio, and advocates and lobbies state government officials on issues that impact child and family services. OACCA maintains an office of three full-time employees. The mission of OACCA is to apply the collective strength of its members to sustainably improve the provision of services to children, young adults, and families through policy advocacy, performance improvement, and member support. OACCA is a drug-free workplace and Equal Opportunity Employer. Learn more about us at www.example.com!    APPLICATION INSTRUCTIONS: Send the following by 12:00pm on March 26, 2014.   Resume   Cover letter that explains why you would excel as the Executive Assistant Please, no calls or drop-ins






2-4-years-experience-needed hourly-wage full-time-job associate-needed