MySource Consulting is looking for a Graphic Designer with 5+ years of proven artistic or creative talent to work for a gritty, cutting edge Online Gaming Company located in Renton, Washington.  This is a contract opportunity that will pay $35 per hour W2 and one that does have a strong possibility of converting into FTE.  *Job Description: * • The Graphic Designer will create, design and produce graphic materials for Online Gaming Company print materials under the guidance of the Art Director and in accordance with Company and Brand guidelines, as well as Production standards and process flows. • Responsible for completion of every production step from concept through file handoff to vendor. • Will interact with internal contacts frequently include the Art Director, Graphic Designers and other Creative Team members.  • Responsible for generating new assets to use for backgrounds, borders, frames, etc.  • Expertise working with complex, layered images and files.    *Duties and Responsibilities* • Graphic design from conception through completion, and interaction with Art Director and Lead Graphic Designer to ensure high quality design is generated as intended. • Utilizes all available design tools to develop final design/layout and creation or manipulation of art assets. • Collaborates with the Production Manager to ensure that all printed materials are produced to a consistently high standard. Reviews proofs with Art Director, Lead Graphic Designer and Production Manager as needed. • Responsible for maintaining Company’s high-quality and production standards. • In coordination with the Art Director and Lead Graphic Designer, work with the creative team to execute visual development on a scheduled basis. • Follow all Creative processes as instructed. • Understand and execute Company file building standards and requirements. • Meet or exceed all department and corporate standards for business, including work hours, professional conduct, mutual respect, and team work.   *Basic Skills and Technical Skills Required:* • Minimum 5 years experience in graphic design preferred. • Hands-on designer able to execute projects from concept to completion — with a high level of proficiency and  creative vision.  • Must be able to develop creative materials with an impact, following the project and Brand style guides and reference provided.  • Strong oral and written communication skills, with the ability to effectively communicate creative ideas, preferred. Expert understanding of design software applications within the Macintosh environment, including InDesign, PhotoShop and Illustrator. • Understand the techniques and shortcuts to creating complex color graphics with combined software applications.  • Strong interpersonal and team building skills. Ability to see the big picture without losing sight of the small details. • Is competent in time management of large, overlapping projects or more than 4 consecutive projects at a time from conception to completion..  • Familiarity with Word, Powerpoint, Excel and other software a plus a plus.   *Industry Knowledge:* • Strong knowledge of Fantasy role playing games preferred.  • Strong knowledge of graphic design for packaging, dielines (provided) and print components.  • Strong knowledge of print production for offset press, color separation and four-color printing techniques.  • Must be knowledgeable about aesthetic vs. production realities and understand electronic file management over vast networks and proper archival practices.   *Educational Background:* • High school diploma or equivalent required. • Degree in appropriate field preferred.  • Job Type: 3+ Month Contract (strong possibility of converting into FTE) • Pay Rate: $35 Hourly W2






5-plus-years-experience-needed hourly-wage