Human Resource Generalist IMI is seeking an experienced Human Resource Generalist based in Radcliff, KY, servicing multiple locations throughout Central and Western Kentucky.   The Human Resource Generalist is responsible for the administration of human resource functions throughout the various locations of the region, including but not limited to: staffing, recruiting, employment, performance evaluation, benefits administration, training, and compliance  The Human Resource Generalist will be an effective business partner to the Production Managers and Plant Managers and is under the direct supervision of the Regional Human Resource Manager. Job Description  • Provides human resources consultation to management, on issues regarding labor and compliance, performance evaluation, corrective actions, training, employee development , and conflict resolution   • Provides advice, information and resources to employees regarding administration of benefits, payroll, employer policies, compliance, training and employee development initiatives  • Implements employee recruitment programs to effectively attract, retain, and motivate employees  • Maintains and updates employee specific information, including compensation, benefits, tax data, attendance, performance reviews evaluations, and disciplinary actions  • Ensures Area compliance with federal, state, and local regulations including EEO, Title VII, ADA, FMLA, FLSA etc. Coordinates with Safety Manager regarding workers' compensation, DOT, OSHA and EPA compliance   • Coordinates with Area Managers to facilitate all employment activity (i.e., hiring, disciplining, terminations, etc.) within the Area   • Provides or directs preparation of statistical data or background data for reports on a regular or as required basis.   • Works closely with the Regional Human Resource Manager for all matters beyond the scope of basic day-to-day personnel/compliance administration.   • This position requires regional travel by company provided vehicle on a daily basis.   • Performs other job-related duties as assigned or apparent.   Minimum Qualifications:   • Bachelor's degree in Human Resources, Business Administration or closely related field.  • A minimum of 5 years experience as a Human Resources Generalist involved in all aspects of human resources.  Preferred Qualifications:    • PHR or SPHR certification.  Other Knowledge, Skills & Abilities :   • Strong business experience with P& L statements and interpretation of financial results..  • Demonstrated experience in successfully supporting multiple operating locations.   • Knowledge of employment law, including FLSA, FMLA, ADA, Title VII, etc.   • Ability to impact and influence without formal authority.  Irving Materials Incorporated is a leader in the ready-mix concrete industry offering competitive wages and a generous benefits package to qualified candidates.






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed