*Job Description*  *About Freddy Frozen Custard & Steakburgers*  Join the 5th fastest growing restaurant chain in the United States as recognized by Chain Store Guide and Technomics. In 2013, Freddy’s was again named among Entrepreneur Magazine’s “Franchise 500®” and repeated its recognition by QSR® magazine as one of four “Rising Stars” in the Best Franchise Deals issue. In 2012, besides Entrepreneur Magazine’s recognition for that year, Freddy’s was included among Inc. Magazine’s 500/5000 list of “Fastest Growing Private Companies”, Franchise Times® Magazine’s “Next 300 Franchise Chains” and Business Insider’s “8 Better Burger Chains Poised to Conquer America. Freddy’s, as it is affectionately called, offers a unique combination of cooked-to-order steakburgers, Chicago dogs, and other savory items along with its signature desserts prepared with premium frozen custard made fresh throughout the day. Find out more about Freddy’s by visiting www.example.com  *About HCI Hospitality*  You could be a part of one of the fastest growing restaurant management companies in the Midwest. This 700-employee company manages national, regional and local concepts for investors in Kansas, Nebraska, Iowa, and Texas.  HCI employees grow their career in an environment of solid investor relationships, low managerial turnover and high staff engagement. You can enjoy profitable restaurants to manage while having top shelf benefits, excellent base compensation, and a fair bonus program aimed at long term growth and security. Find out more about HCI by going to www.example.com  *Being a General Manager at Freddy's*  The General Manager position is the highest level of management within a single store. The GM is responsible for leading, mentoring, and advising the management team and staff to the successful execution of the restaurant. The GM teaches fellow managers restaurant fundamentals such as achieving objectives in sales, costs, hospitality, and employee retention. The GM oversees the entire operation, staffing, and financial performance of the restaurant including having an understanding of the store's progress and having strategic vision for its future development.  *Benefits*  As one of the fastest growing restaurant management companies in the mid-west we offer top benefits that help us retain quality mangers in the market.  It all begins with great training at the top store in the area.  There you will learn everything you need to know to run a successful restaurant the Freddy’s way.  Training starts with learning all the stations in the restaurant.  Then you will learn the necessary manager functions of your position.  Those may include interviewing, scheduling, making a food order, counting inventory, and understanding weekly reports.  We also offer a competitive salary that starts the first day you begin training.  Once you have completed training you will begin receiving quarterly bonuses that are 100% performance driven.  As well as a 401K program that includes a company match.  We know that time outside of work is important too.  At Freddy’s we are open from 10:30 AM to 10:00 PM during the week and 10:30 AM to 11:00 PM on Friday and Saturday.    This means no late nights or early mornings for our managers.  We also require our managers take 2 weeks of paid time off every year.  It is important to us that you get time to enjoy yourself.  Finally we offer great health and dental benefits as well as a life insurance policy and long term disability insurance.  We focus on offering you benefits that help you develop as a professional while still maintaining a great lifestyle away from the restaurant.    *Requirements*  * Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent combination of education and experience * Minimum of 2 years of experience as salaried manager in full service, casual dining, or quick service restaurants * Record of maintaining high standards in restaurant cleanliness, sanitation, food quality, and guest satisfaction * Demonstrated leadership skills, including coaching, directing, and motivating a team * Some exposure to P&L and sales building highly desirable  Location:Durham, NC Employment Type:Full-Time Salary: $38,000.00 - $42,000.00






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job salary full-time-job