Our Leading Media Company, based here in New Hampshire, is looking to add to our team of Successful, Driven Sales Reps to help deliver amazing results to our list of ever growing clients.  We are a lean, focused, and successful marketing company looking for another addition to our sales team. We have been publishing real estate and marketing materials since 2004, and this market is primed for expansion. We are looking for reps throughout northern New England, including NH, ME, MA, and VT..  Why are we hiring? Who quit? Why did they leave? Noone quit.  Who is starting rumors? ;) We are expanding our services with a product that we have been operating successfully with our partner out in NY and its ready to hit New England like a Nor'easter on Halloween..  wait.. never mind.. :) . This is a new product with a new territory wide open for your conquering.  Ok, You piqued my interest.. What will I be offering? A marketing solution for business owners with a very high level of success. Clients have achieved response rates of upwards of 11%. This is not a technological sale -  actually a very simple, easily understandable offer with a great return on their investment. Closing sale ratios run approximately 65% from initial meeting.  Most sales are closed at that initial meeting, and not a very long sales cycle; which is good for your wallet. We have reps that have closed their first project within the first week of their being hired, and paid that next week.. So, call 15 get meetings with 10 and close 7..   As I said above, We have been running this program out of state with a partner of ours, and now are bringing it to New England -- so the market is literally untapped.  What do I get? A virtually, untapped, proven hungry market - ready for your taking.  A strong, commission based sales plan. You legitimately can hit the street this week with our sales kit and system and be paid $2300 next week from just one project.  Most importantly, you will be learning and delivering on a proven system where you will be paid and rewarded relative your own personal drive and success.   This is NOT network marketing, or anything funky. We are a real company with a real product needed in the market. This is a 100% commissioned role and you will be a 1099/contract employee of ours. Make your own hours - but we require you meet min. sales levels. You can have a flexible schedule and work with us as your time allows.  You are an independent contractor which means you aren't a full time employee that receives benefits, insurance, etc.. You pay your own taxes and make your own hours. Depending on your time available - you will have the ability to close a 2-3 of these projects a month. Lastly, you also are paid a percentage off of renewals which makes this even better - you keep growing your/our regular client database.  What do I need to do? You need to call business owners and set appointments, or walk in (preferable, due to high closing ratio) to their location. Just follow our program.  Show them our marketing solution. Answer questions. Take payment. Get project completed (need multiple business to complete project). Get paid. Its not always that easy.. but it is sometimes, too. You simply need to sell. (and you are selling a fantastic solution that will give them exactly what they want -- $ in their pockets).  What do you need? See above.. You need to be a successful, motivated, driven Sales Rep.. :) If you have experience selling, that is great. Real estate, mortgage, insurance, retail, small business owner, etc - it's all good.  We desire at least 1 project completed monthly, at a minimum.  You have to be comfortable meeting directly with business owners. You will be presenting face to face to offer our solution.  That being said, knowing local business owners is also a plus, since it gives you possible built in clients.  You will be selling local business owners, real estate agents, mortgage brokers / lenders, and/or restaurants an extremely successful joint marketing program - that ties in both offline print saturation distribution honed down to a zip code - and an extremely track able online system that captures each lead and delivers them instantaneously to your client. We will match your background and connections with the program that you would be most successful with. Many of your sales will be provided by others once you have sold them on the system - so its a great referral sale; where one sale leads to another, and so on. You will need to follow our system to a \"T\". This includes making 15 in-person sales calls per week, having great follow up, and being able to travel locally/be on the road most of the time.  *Your next steps... Let us know what makes you tick.. Why you are ready to take on a new opportunity... What drives you and why this would be a great gig for you. Also, where you are  located, what time you can put into this, and anything else you feel would separate you from the crowd.   Miscellaneous info... We are a Real Live business. We really are located in New Hampshire.  We are a virtual company, which means we don't have an expensive office with mahogany desks and a snooty receptionist; we each work from our home offices.  If you are looking for a big company with your own office space; we are not the right fit. We are not a network marketing company, or MLM.   However, if you are looking for a progressive company who's goal is to help our clients achieve success and make a profit while doing it -- Looking forward to talking with you soon.  Check out  www.example.com for more basic overview info. We look forward to talking with you.






