Position Summary: Environmental consulting firm is seeking  environmental scientist field technicians preferably with at least one year of experience for projects in CO related to storm water compliance.  This position will perform responsible, and often independent, technical and administrative tasks in support of client specific storm water management plans (SWMPs) and environmental compliance action items.   Responsibilities: • Provide technical expertise for storm water services for construction contractors, industrial clients, and oil and gas operators. • Interpret, consult and apply local, state, and federal regulations regarding principles and practices of storm water management and design and implementation of erosion and sedimentation control practices before, during and post construction. • Conduct site inspections, monitoring, and data management for storm water construction projects in accordance with the NPDES General Permit. • Initiate and conduct site visits, communicate with inspection team and contractors to provide solutions and mitigation measures before, during and after construction. • Coordinate with the construction contractor(s) for storm water Best Management Practices (BMP) implementation and reclamation. • Conduct regular site visits to QA/QC site compliance and inspection procedures. • Respond to site/BMP issues by coordinating with BMP installation team(s) and client construction/environmental team(s) to implement BMPs and corrective actions, as applicable. • Ensure inspection quality and completion. • Conduct possible field sampling of soil, surface water, and groundwater. • Input, manage, and utilize inspection and other data (e.g. Geographic Information System (GIS)) and communications using Microsoft Word and Excel. • Maintain project/client files and records. • Assist in various environmental compliance tasks and reporting, as applicable. • Coordinate regulatory compliance in alignment with biological and/or areas of environmental concerns and limitations. • Prepare regulatory reports and correspondence. • Conduct and represent HRL Compliance at meetings with clients and subcontractors.  Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: • Ability to communicate well with others in fast paced and potentially demanding circumstances. • A basic understanding of the principles and practices of Storm Water Management design, construction, erosion and sedimentation control practices. • Proficiency in Microsoft Office with strong professional writing skills. • Detail oriented and strong organizational skills. • Ability to handle multiple tasks and meet client deliverables. • Excellent interpersonal and written communication with clients, staff and regulatory agencies. • Sound documentation, recordkeeping, and problem solving skills. • Strong initiative and the ability to work independently in a team oriented environment. • Strong map reading skills. • Knowledge of general construction, linear construction projects for utilities, and storm water; experience on large linear projects a plus. • Ability to travel to remote sites in extreme weather utilizing a company vehicle.  Environment: • Position may require long hours (up to 12 hrs/day) and periods of extended walking, hiking, and standing in uneven, rocky terrain.  Exposure to wind, rain, snow and other elements are anticipated as well as long (up to 2-3 hrs/day) periods of travel. • Regular lifting of up to fifty pounds (50 lbs), shoveling, as well as utilizing a sledgehammer.   Education and Experience: • B.S in Environmental Science or related science discipline with one year of experience preferred.  • Preference given to candidates who are Erosion Control Supervisor certified and have an understanding of the Oil and Gas industry and construction.  Special Qualifications: • Clean driving record, valid drivers license and; • Ability to pass pre-employment, random, and post-accident drug screening as applicable.  Join Our Team  • Hourly wage $15-$18/hour DOE plus overtime as applicable • Team Oriented Environment  • Variety of Projects and Opportunities  To view our current job openings and submit your application and resume, please visit us at www.example.com  HRL Compliance Solutions, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer and a Drug Free Workplace Act participant.






full-time-job 1-year-experience-needed bs-degree-needed hourly-wage