Accountant/Junior Financial Advisor  Matthew Baker Inc – Highland, IN   Accountant/ Junior Financial Advisor (3 year Paid internship)  I am seeking someone to learn my business. Matthew Baker Inc. provides income tax preparation and financial services. Our services include wealth management, investments, insurance and tax planning in conjunction with financial planning.   The chosen applicant will be required to learn my business from the ground up. This position will start out as part-time bookkeeping and tax preparation and general  office administration. 28 hours a week $ 12-15 per hour based upon experience. Additional income upon passing the appropriate  securities examinations.    Position  could  become full –time position upon completion of enrolled agent exam and series 6, 63,  65 and 62 securities examinations  Job duties are as follows: • Bookkeeping using Peachtree Accounting Software. • Completing personal tax returns for our current client base as well as growing our client base.  • Applicant must have some personal tax preparation experience.  • Passing enrolled agents examination by Fall of 2014 • Preparing of payroll and sales tax returns.  • Passing series 6,63,65 and 7 securities examination by fall 2015 In addition, the applicant will learn back office administration including : customer investment paperwork to open new accounts, obtaining funds for clients from their accounts, customer service and compliance, maintaining all brokerage and non-brokerage accounts which includes trading and rebalancing of accounts. Requirements: B. S. Finance or Accounting preferred Strong communication skills. Including writing and verbal. Excellent technology skills. Social media is a plus.  C.P.A, C.F.A ,C.F.P, or at the minimum take and pass the enrolled agents exam by November 2014 Take and pass the series 6, 63, and 65 and 62  by November 2015.  Must pass a criminal background check.  A high degree of ethics and morals.  A love of helping people make the best tax and financial decisions.  An entrepreneurial spirit A self-starter Leadership.  2 year contract employment required.   Upon completion of the internship the successful candidate could grow into a partnership for the right person. There is no limit to your income as a partner. Minimum income of 50,000 to 80,000 upon completion of internship .






part-time-job bs-degree-needed hourly-wage