PLEASE ONLY APPLY IF YOU ARE LOCAL TO MIAMI AREA. NOT LOOKING FOR CANDIDATES FROM OTHER STATES! thanks  Role We require a mobile/web IOS developer to join a dynamic startup company at the forefront of technology. Creativity and flexibility is a key part of the role. The immediate need is for a local flex resource to complement our offshore dev team, but depending on the candidate profile and aspirations it could lead to great development potential with travel and other opportunities in a multinational and multicultural start up company.  Our CTO is Australian and based in France, our COO Australian based in Melbourne and myself French CEO/CHO based in Miami. The successful candidate would work with our offshore development team.   We feel that this role would be best suited to a software engineer which is looking for a development opportunity in a startup.  Skills Key technical skills: iOS (iPad) development. Strong UX and UI expertise, attention to detail, and experience with best-practice user interfaces  Complementary technical skills: Java + spring framework MySQL (or other DB experience, SQL queries etc.) PHP (cakephp framework) Web services knowledge on search engine, social network and artificial intelligence will be valuable to the project  Nice to have: Photoshop Agile/LEAN development methodologies Jira Bitbucket  Opportunity Joining the team initially on a casual ‘on-demand’ basis to be converted as full time later on Be part of a dynamic multinational and multicultural startup company Significant career and personal development Opportunity to travel/live to/in Europe(France)/US after one year  What the company is about: H4happy is a disruptive apps and services SaaS company that exists to deliver solutions to empower people to find their path to self actualisation and happiness. In the first two stages we will change the way business owners connect with their customers and empower their staff to deliver happiness. The remaining two stages allow people to achieve key goals within teams and individually.  We are offering a great opportunity to start someone’s career, even before graduating. If you are interested please contact us at www.example.com. For more information about our first mobile application BusinessWeather please visit our web site.






part-time-job licence-needed