Extreme Plastics Plus, Inc. is looking for a highly qualified sales person to join our team.  A tremendous opportunity currently exists in oil and energy sector we’re searching for a highly successful and self-motivated individual to lead the growth of our industry leading product and services. The ideal candidate will have a keen sense of awareness of customers’ needs and requirements and be able to lead the process to identify and deliver solutions to meet customer demands.   This position requires experience in direct selling to large enterprise customers in the Energy Sector as well as the ability to build and grow long term profitable partnerships in field and at the corporate level.  We’re looking for an individual with a proven track record of consistently building and growing a multi-million dollar sales funnel.   In addition to the skills above, the ideal candidate will bring a high level of energy to a fast pace group of sales individuals who thrive on results, act with integrity and treat people with respect in all dealings.   Challenging fellow team members to think BIG, learn and reach new levels of success is an added bonus.    Desired Skills and Experience Responsibilities • Grow, manage and build existing and new customer relationships in the Oil, Gas and Energy Sector. • Establish strategic relationships, participation in networking events to promote company brand. • Create Management reports to capture sales performance, goals and other sales data for executive review. • Identify and communicate trends and recommend new opportunities or threats in the region and markets. • Effectively position and differentiate company from other competitors. • Coordination and execution of initial operations set up. • Must be committed to meet and exceed aggressive sales targets and is, willing and able, to take on huge challenges to help reach both their own personal and team successes. • Extensive travel in the assigned region.   Qualifications: • A proven track record in Account Management and Business Development. • 8-10 years’ experience selling multi-million dollar solutions in a competitive market. • Must have strong working knowledge of the oil and gas market. • Must be an excellent communicator, both in written and spoken communications.  Extreme Plastics Plus offers a competitive benefits package. Salary based on experience. Please apply online through our website at www.example.com under the employment section.






5-plus-years-experience-needed salary