We have an immediate opening for a Support Technician Level II. Primary responsibilities include but not limited to: Monitor, maintain and troubleshoot all infrastructure technology LAN and WAN including server architecture, storage requirements, 3rd party service level monitoring, network, firewall and application security.  Key Responsibilities:  • Assists management with researching, analyzing, designing, proposing and delivering solutions that are appropriate with best practices and align with business requirements.  • Review and make recommendations on existing platforms for continuous improvement, enhance and resolve performance issues associated with software and system architecture.  • Ensures architecture is secure and in compliance with all industry control standards  such as IEEE and HIPPA.  • Identify and validate business value of new and emerging trends and technologies to support the overall enterprise business architecture.  • Provide technical expertise and troubleshooting for issues that disrupt critical business process and provides analysis on required remediation that addresses root cause.  • Creates and maintains documentation, architectural diagrams, system standards and SOPs for existing and new systems.  • Analyze and resolve end user hardware and software computer problems in a timely fashion.  • Manage security solutions, including firewall, anti-virus, and intrusion detection systems.  • Manage installation, upgrades, configuration, maintenance, and troubleshooting of all network hardware and equipment, including routers, switches, hubs, Email, print servers and UPSs.  • Administer and maintain end user accounts, permissions, access rights and security for systems and network. (Domain accounts, Exchange)  • Recommend, schedule, and perform network improvements, system backups and recovery, upgrades, and repairs.  • All other duties as assigned.  Job Requirements:  • Experience in IT infrastructure support, including data center, servers, SAN, email applications and networks.  • Experience with LAN/WAN architecture integration   • Strong understanding of industry practices and procedures as it applies to technical support  • Hands-on software troubleshooting experience.   2 years directly related experience minimum requirement; associates degree, A+ and Network + preferred.  This is a full time position with paid vacation and 401K benefits. Salary is dependent on experience.  Virtualization, Hyper V and VMware experience a plus.






associate-needed salary 2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job