*Fast Growing Security Systems Company looking for Sales Representatives for Residential and Small Business*   If you are a bright and competitive sales person interested in becoming a Security Systems Sales Representative, we are looking for you!  With your entrepreneurial mentality and drive to succeed, we wnat you to join ASG Security’s highly successful Sales team!   ASG is the 10th largest security company in the nation and the only licensed Honeywell products dealer on the east coast, and we continue to enjoy rapid growth. We provide security system sales, installation, maintenance, leasing and monitoring services to both commercial and residential customers in the Mid Atlantic, North Carolina, Texas, Oklahoma, Louisana and Northeast areas.  As a Security Systems Sales Representative with ASG, you will use your consultative sales style to deliver customer-focused solutions that meet the needs of each different residential or small business situation. You will create and develop new business relationships with homeowners and small business owners as well as manage existing customer relationships. You will network with Chambers of Commerce and businesses in your area to build relationships, set appointments with business owners and run sales presentations and product demonstrations.  *Benefits include:*  Medical, dental and vision insurance Prescription drug coverage 401 (K) retirement plan Life insurance Short-term and long-term disability insurance Pre-tax Flexible Spending Accounts for healthcare and child care Confidential employee assistance program Paid training Flexible working hours Paid vacation and holiday time Tuition reimbursement Pre-paid legal aid Expenses-paid annual company trip for the top Sales Representatives Sales Contests and employee rewards system wherein points can be traded for items    *Essential Functions/Responsibilities*    As an Outside Sales Consultant you main focus will be on business development and building your customer base by setting appointments and making connections with customers, face to face on a daily basis. As part of the sales team, you will use your entrepreneurial spirit and drive to succeed to deliver customer focused solutions that meet the needs of the client while meeting assigned sales goals.  At ASG Security, we value our team members and have built our company on our core values of integrity, truth, fairness and performance. We work to provide our full time employees with a rich benefits package, as a member of our small business and residential sales team you will receive: As a Business Security Systems Sales Rep with ASG, you must have an outgoing, likeable personality and be able to build rapport with business owners. You must also have excellent communication skills, both in person and on the telephone.  • Ability to get in front of busy business owners and hold their attention • Ability to pass a background check and drug test • Having a clean driving record and valid driver’s license • Ability to be bonded and insured • Being computer literate • Sales experience preferred, particularly in B2B/Outside Sales industries • Having bilingual abilities a plus  • Paid Training! The first 60 days guaranteed salary while you build your pipeline and skills • Progressive commission plan – bi-weekly, UNCAPPED! • Healthcare benefits – Medical, Dental, Vision and Life Insurance • 401(k) retirement plan • Employee recognition programs • Assigned territories! • Territory Allowance - $550 a month to cover expenses from driving • Paid Vacation, Sick and Holidays • Annual all expenses paid trip for top sellers • Promotional and transfer opportunities!  If you’re looking for a company that truly values every member of the team, then consider ASG Security! Our top Consultants have the freedom and flexibility to run their business as they see fit.






full-time-job salary