Specialty Construction Cost Accountant  POSITION SUMMARY:   The Accountant is responsible for assisting the company management in controlling and executing all matters relating to the administrative and accounting functions of this specialties construction manufacturer. This position includes administrative and accounting goals, the plans to meet those goals, working with other employees as necessary, and the follow-up required to ensure the department is moving forward at all times as directed by the President. This is a full-time position and reports to the President. This position also works closely with the Director of Manufacturing and outside consultants.  ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:  include the following. Other duties may be assigned.  1. Accept authority, responsibility and accountability for all administrative and accounting procedure, budgeting, cash flow, internal controls, monitoring and preservation of the company assets.  2. Assist the President and Director of Manufacturing with implementing practices and procedures, and completing reports as required.  3. Direct these efforts in a manner which accomplishes the goals and objectives of the company.  4. Comply with and enforce all governmental laws, policies and regulations.  5. Ensure that all company policies and procedures are adhered to by you.  6. Coordinate and communicate on a regular basis with the President and Director of Manufacturing while ensuring to advise of any anticipated problems in advance to be able to take corrective action in a proactive basis.  7.  Follow appropriate procedures for financial reporting, record keeping and documentation which maintains files in an orderly, accurate and current manner.  8. Oversee the Chart of Accounts to accurately reflect cost center income and expenses and general and administrative expenses in order to ensure accurate financial reporting.  9. Coordinate with the President, Director of Manufacturing as well as outside consultants, to prepare the annual budget and forecasts to ensure cost control and predetermined levels of profit and to enforce the budgets.  10. Maintain all checking and savings accounts and reconcile daily and monthly. Monitor the cash flow and inform the President and Director of Manufacturing, of the status of each account.  11. Maintain and increase knowledge in the accounting software for the specialty construction/manufacturing industry as it relates directly to the company.  12.  Perform audits on a regular basis to verify transactions.  13. Oversee preparation of all reports as required.  14.  Track all Company assets and liabilities. Maintain files on loans, vehicles, and property.  15.  Complete period end financial statements by the 10th of the following month.  16.  Coordinate with the CPA firm(s) to provide information necessary for the CPA to complete reports for the owners.  17. Ensure the confidentiality of all Company records and documents.  18.  Periodically review all insurance coverages to ensure that the most economical rates are available to the company.  19. Ensure the filing and compliance with the Department of Revenue in each of the states that the company operates.  20.  Promote and maintain a positive work environment that shows concern and respect of all employees, vendors and customers by providing excellent customer service to internal and external customers. Lead by example.  21.  Stay current with industry changes and innovations which may affect the operations, or client expectations of the company.  22. Take any reasonable action necessary, within your authority, to carry out the responsibilities of the position in a manner that is ethical and conforms to sound business practices.  23.  Perform other duties as assigned.  KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES:   •  Extensive knowledge of accounting and financial reporting methods, specifically in cost accounting and budgeting.  •  Proven ability of people management, organizational and planning capabilities.  •  Marked ability to analyze and respond to site/situational problems.  •  Excellent communication skills - both oral and written.  •  Behavior supports positive work environment. Examples: lead by example, friendly and excellent communication skills both listening and speaking.  •  Proven ability to deal with the stresses of meeting deadlines and company goals.  •  Considerable skill in problem solving, conflict resolution and dealing with confidential information/situations  •  Must have the ability to perform a variety of tasks simultaneously in an accurate and timely manner.  •      Abilty to support the computer system; and keep up with software technology in the industry.  •      Must be able to do business calculations; complete reports with statistical data and mathematical relationships; perform quickly and accurately all computations related to accounting.   JOB REQUIREMENTS:  •  Associate degree in accounting, finance and/or management. Bachelor’s degree is preferred in accounting, finance and/or management.  •  A minimum of five years of experience in the accounting industry. Accounting experience in a cost accounting environment is preferred.  •       Must possess extensive computer knowledge and experience with Excel, Word and QuickBooks.   PHYSICAL DEMANDS: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, stand and walk. For up to 12 hours per day, also ability to travel by a variety of transportation vehicles. The employee frequently is required to use hands to finger, handle, or feel objects; reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, occasionally lift up to 50 pounds, or crawl; and talk or hear. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus.  WORK ENVIRONMENT: The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.






5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job associate-needed