*Summary of Position:* Assures consistent quality of Ioxus Products by developing and enforcing the Quality Control Systems to be used in all phases of production. This includes management of the incoming, in-process and final inspection process.  *Essential Duties and Responsibilities:*  * Supervise and manage workers engaged in inspection and testing activities to ensure high productivity and high technical integrity. * Ensure that all policies and procedures are adhered to. * Achieves quality control operational objectives by contributing information and analysis to strategic plans and reviews; preparing and completing action plans; implementing production, productivity, quality, and customer-service standards; identifying and resolving problems; completing audits; determining system improvements; implementing change. * Meets quality control financial objectives by estimating requirements; preparing an annual budget; scheduling expenditures; analyzing variances; initiating corrective actions. * Manage the Incoming Inspection operations. Ensure Inspectors have all necessary tools for performing inspections and that inspections are done on a timely manner. Ensure that any non-conforming material is clearly identified and processed in a timely manner, including notification to purchasing and receiving personnel. * Develop and maintain a process for improved in-process checking at Ioxus. Work with Engineering and production to determine the necessary checkpoints for in-process checking, and develop the methods and tools to perform these measurements. Ensure recordkeeping of all in-process checks. * Manage the Final Inspection operations for all Product types. Ensure Inspectors have all necessary tools for performing inspections and that inspections are done in a timely manner. * Ensure that any non-conforming material is clearly identified and processed in a timely manner, including notification to Production Personnel. * Capability to perform all above inspections as necessary due to workload or attendance issues. * Monthly reporting on Quality Control Inspection results. * Oversee Gage Program. Develop plan for Gage program including all gages involved and frequency of Measurement Systems Analysis studies. Ensure that all gages used for production control have full Measurement Systems Analysis studies performed as required. * Perform other related duties as assigned by the supervisor.  *Education/Experience:*  * BS in Engineering, Science or related Discipline. * Management Experience in a manufacturing environment preferred. * Experience working in a Quality function.






supervising-job bs-degree-needed