We are looking for the best and brightest to join the team in Cupertino, California!  *Job Description* We are looking for an experienced Director of Marketing. Responsible for planning, development and implementation of ParStream’s marketing strategies, communications and public relations activities, both external and internal.  Directs the efforts of the marketing, communications and public relations staff and coordinates at the strategic and tactical levels with the other functions of ParStream.  *Scope of Role* * Developing and optimizing lead nurturing campaigns to ensure campaigns are executed on time and within budget * Ensuring all social media channels are in sync in terms of content, messages, and look and feel * Manage our presence at major conferences and industry events * Optimizing content for search engines and lead generation . * Writing instructional content including ebooks, use cases, fact sheets whitepapers, etc. * Tracking, altering and evaluating paid search strategies, reporting on paid search metrics, and tracking Google AdWords analytics  *Desired Skills and Expertise* * Demonstrated skills, knowledge and experience in the design and execution of marketing, communications and public relations activities * Knowledge and interest in SEO, SEM, blogs and analytics * Computer literacy in word processing, inbound marketing software, SalesForce * Minimum of 10-12 years experience in marketing, communications or public relations with demonstrated success in the tech industry * Bachelors degree in journalism, marketing, public relations preferred. Graduate degree in a related field is desirable  *We Offer* * Exciting and challenging position in a big data post-revenue startup * Attractive and competitive compensation package * International career opportunities in a lean organization * An attractive place to work in the very heart of Silicon Valley  *About Us* ParStream, the fastest real-time database for Big Data Analytics, provides immediate insights from massive, continuously growing amounts of data.  Based on unique, patented algorithms, ParStream, the #1 Big Data Company” (CIO.com) enables new types of applications and business model in ecommerce, telco, finance, retail and may other industries.  Based in Cupertino, and Cologne (Germany), ParStream is backed by prominent Khosla Ventures and other Silicon Valley investors and supported by leading database specialists (Don Haderle, Andy Palmer, Marie-Anne Neimat, Volker Markl).  For more information, visit www.example.com






bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed