Are you obsessed with gathering information and analyzing it? Jive Communications is based in Orem Utah and is passionate about learning more from our customers and employees. As the fasted growing company in the Cloud Voice for Business sector, Jive wants to know. What are we doing right? What are we doing wrong? We think are customers and employees hold the answers to these questions. We are looking for someone who can find these answers for us through surveys and other techniques.  As an Intern you will get to work with a variety of our staff and interact with the executive team. The project goes right to the top. In fact, the CEO personally is hungry for more information about our customers and our employees. Our ideal candidate is someone who walks into a room of people and can’t leave without making a few friends. Someone who is obsessed with gathering and analyzing information and creative in their approach to new problems.  *What your will learn:*  * How a fast paced Cloud communications company works from the inside out * How to use Survey Monkey to effectively distribute and gather survey data * How to take real world data and analyze it * How a business can use data to continue to dominate their field of expertise * Random lessons and stories from an industry veteran (hey, this guy knew Steve Jobs and sold one of his companies for $1.2B) * Plenty of additional opportunities in related projects  *What we require:*  * High degree of integrity — you will be working with very sensitive and confidential information * Strong communication skills * Organized, with an ability to prioritize time-sensitive assignments * Basic understanding of statistical bias * Basic understanding of survey logic and general structure * Good writing skills * Proficient in Excel  We value all of our interns and go the extra mile to make sure you receive a learning and hands-on experience that fits your career goals. You will become very knowledgeable in survey techniques and analysis of survey results. You will also learn how to work in a professional, yet fun, environment and have ample opportunity to network with department leaders and other professionals in marketing and business intelligence.  The position is paid and is a full-time or part-time (minimum 20 hours a week) position during the summer and part-time when school starts in the Fall.  _Jive is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage diversity in the workplace._  IMMEDIATE OPENING






