POSITION SUMMARY This project will be located in the schools that are located in the northeast sector of Oklahoma City and feed into Douglass Mid-High and High School. This project is in collaboration with the Oklahoma City school system, the designated schools and the parents. The purpose of this project is to reduce barriers to learning by partnering with schools to provide in-school behavioral health services. Services that promote a community of care through an integrated and early intervention approach to meet the educational, social and emotional needs of children and their families.   ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS • Provide individual and group rehabilitative services to students in need and provide weekly documentation of same. • Assist MHP in carrying out student’s treatment plan. • Provide case management services and maintain regular contact with caseworkers, guardians, school personnel and other agencies. • Provide continuity of care. • Demonstrate effective verbal and written communication. • Maintain compliance with Independent Contractor Agreement. • Comply with licensing standards and Title XIX Provider Agreement mandates.  CONTRACTOR QUALIFICATIONS • Bachelor degree earned from a regionally accredited college or university recognized by the United States Department of Education and completion of the Oklahoma Department of Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services (ODMHSAS) training as a Behavioral Health Rehabilitation Specialist ; or • CPRP (Certified Psychiatric Rehabilitation Practitioner) credential; or • Certification as an Alcohol and Drug Counselor; or • A current license as a registered nurse in the state where services are provided and completion of the ODMHSAS training as Behavioral Health Specialist; or • If qualified as a BHRS prior to 07/01/10 and have a ODMHSAS credential on file. • Case Management Certificate from ODMHSAS • Managing Aggressive Behavior (MAB) Training.  LICENSURE/CERTIFICATION Must possess or be able to obtain a BHRS certification prior to performing services.   EXPERIENCE Prefer at least 2 years experience in human services field or education field.    SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS Ability to work flexible hours when nee  ESSENTIAL PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS Sufficient mobility and strength to move about the facility.






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed