*Job Summary:*  The Direct Account Support Specialist is responsible for providing dedicated operational and sales support to the Direct Account Sales Manager.  *Essential Functions* Provide operational and sales support to our major retail accounts in support of the DASM.  *Key Areas of Responsibility*  *Accounts Support* • Handle frequent contact with accounts via phone and email. • Perform account maintenance including order entry, processing and coordinating international shipments, including customs and regulatory documentation as needed.   • Respond to invoice, pricing and billing questions and investigate, process and resolve issues regarding shipped orders.  Elevate issues to DASM as needed. • Complete NIF’s and vendor set up documentation on an as needed basis. • Assist with catalog and sample mailings. • Track special terms and vendor agreements by account to ensure compliance.  *Sales Collateral*  • Coordinate communications regarding new product introductions and launches. • Work closely with marketing to obtain sales materials and images as needed. • Assist with distribution of product information to new and existing account base. • Assist with PowerPoint presentations as needed.    *Projects* • Assist in leading projects on behalf of direct account process improvement directives.   • Special projects as determined.   • Work closely with operations and credit on to coordinate as needed for both domestic and international accounts.  • Assist with monthly departmental reporting.  *Requirements* • Associates degree  • Minimum 3 years’ work experience in a sales support role • Good verbal and writing skills • Ability to multi task • Experience with retail EDI transactions, freight routing, customs documentation a plus • Ability to flourish in a team oriented environment • Travel as required for tradeshows and client meetings. • Strong Computer skills (Excel, Word and Power Point)   *About Thymes* Nearly 30 years ago, Thymes was founded by two friends with a mutual curiosity and a common desire to make something meaningful and beautiful. Since then, the company has flourished thanks to a shared passion for creativity, botanical ingenuity, beauty and friendship. Today, we’re an independent company committed to artisan craftsmanship and dedicated to deepening connections through our love of fragrance — and, most of all, to creating fragrances that enrich the quality of your daily experience.






associate-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed