Job Title  Maintenance Engineer/Manager   Reports To  Director of Property Management or Property Manager   We are looking to add a dynamic member to our team in the Downtown Boise area to preform maintenance on our buildings of office and retail Tenants.The top candidate will be able to meet and exceed all of the below, has a proven track record of successful maintenance operations and can help to develop company standards with the buildings they are assigned.  Stellar customer service and communications a must.   Key duties/responsibilities of Building maintenance engineer:  1. Completes all work order generation, obtains approval for work that exceeds budget and ensures work orders are properly completed in the electronic work order system. 2. Estimates costs of work for projects and budgetary purposes, prepares bid review analysis for Supervisor and owners to chose the appropriate vendor. 3. Orders, tracks and reconciles materials necessary to complete building and tenant maintenance. 4. Understands and works toward the company goals. 5. Maintains fire and life safety standards. 6. Manages contracted services, including receiving contracts for execution. 7. Performs maintenance tasks for Tenants and appropriately bills works in the work order system as needed. 8. Coordinates and finds the best vendors for maintenance supplies. 9. Performs porter duties around the perimeter of the buildings as needed. 10. Maintains MSDS manuals where needed. 11. Perform move-in, move-out, vacant and property inspections on a monthly basis.  12. Responds to AFTER HOURS emergency calls. 13. Tracks and submits weekly purchase sheets and mileage. 14. Day-to-day maintenance of building operations including heating, lighting, other utilities, electrical repairs, doors, signage, etc. 15. Completes work consistent with company processes and policies. 16. Coordinates with property management staff in performing tenant work order and general maintenance work. 17. Performs and maintains videotaping/photo collection of tenant space for move-in/move-out or damages. 18. Provides Property Management with technical and fiscal expertise in evaluating building maintenance issues and tenant requests and in determining whether the work can be completed within given budget parameters. 19. Can manage projects large and small, can read and understand blue prints, can advise on a general contractor level. 20. Opens vacant spaces for potential Tenants. 21. Monitors parking areas for violations, provides management with violations to document, issues monthly parking passes. 22. Maintains sufficient inventories of tools, parts and supplies in order to properly maintain the property. 23. Maintains systems for monitoring and tracking service requests, preventative maintenance work performed, compliance with Hazard Communications program requirements, compliance with safety requirements, supplies and parts inventories, purchases, and turn-key operations. 24. Assists property manager with preparation of maintenance operating budgets in accordance with owner objectives. Assists with preparation of re-forecasts as required. 25. Ensures strict adherence to the property key control policy, insuring that locks are changed as required and that keys are properly cut and dispensed. 26. Regularly inspects property for safety and security issues, including, but not limited to non-functioning lights, ground and trip hazards, broken fences, exposed wiring, pot-holes and sewer line breaks 27. Solicits bids for outside contract work and schedules and supervises outside contractors. 28. Works with property staff to maximize renewals by performing maintenance procedures as required by the property renewal program.  Requirements: Must have 7 to 10 years experience maintaining Office and Retail buildings Must be reliable and have a vehicle Must have your own tools Must be proficient with computers and electronic data systems for property management and maintenance                                  






5-plus-years-experience-needed