Work From Home opportunity- No experience necessary    Apply for this job online Refer a Friend More information about this job:  Overview:  The purpose of our company is to be a catalyst for change. We are focused on bringing premium income opportunities and education to the market place. Our community has united people from around the globe and has created a safe haven that produces prosperity. It is known that a primary reason behind a poor economy is the lack of work opportunities. For this, our sails have been set for the coast of affluent living. Our opportunities have given over 28,000 people the ability to provide for their families by working from home. We have a community where we don't settle for minimum wage, we don't settle for job insecurity, and we don't settle for financial hardships. We stand for financial independence and affluent living. Why us? Because we care about the most important necessity of any life, income opportunity. Get started. Get connected. Stay connected.   What we are looking for: Must be looking for an at home work opportunity Must be available for our virtual training classes every Monday, Wednesday and Thursday  Monday virtual training classes are at: 9AM PST/10AM MST /11AM CST / 12PM EST  Wednesday virtual training classes are at: 9AM PST/10AM MST /11AM CST / 12PM EST  Thursday virtual training classes are at: 6:30pm PST/7:30 pm MST  /8:30pm CST/9:30pm EST  We are looking for candidates who are open to working any type of schedule which could include mornings, afternoons, and evenings. Start times are flexible and up to you, with include weekends and holidays based upon your time and flexibility-you set your own hours and work at your own pace. The starting pay for this position is $80-$160 per day with bonus opportunities   Responsibilities: Handle incoming calls efficiently and respectfully Have a willingness to succeed Make sure your computer is function and/or up to date Handle multiple tasks (talking with customers while accessing information on your computer) Make sure you have a quiet place to work where you will be undisturbed while taking inbound and outbound calls Make sure you have a functional and/or up-to-date phone Knowledge/Skills/Abilities: Able to successfully navigate and maneuver across multiple applications simultaneously Self-starter and disciplined; not easily distracted while working at home Have good communication skills Have good verbal communication skills including grammar and voice quality Detail oriented, ability to multitask Ability to work under minimal supervision  Qualifications: Must be at least 18 years old No experience necessary Basic computer navigation skills and ability to toggle between different computer screens and programs Must have the a functional computer and phone and/or cell phone  Must have an active internet/Wi-fi connection Must be able to work mornings, afternoon, and evening schedules based on business need (and your flexibility) Apart from religious observation must be able to work both weekend days both Saturday & Sunday (which is also based on your flexibility)   Work From Home Requirements: A functional phone An active internet/ Wi-fi connection A functional computer A willingness to succeed A few notebook tablets to keep track of both inbound and outbound calls An active email account to receive daily/weekly email updates And a readiness for positive change If you are interested in this positive work from home opportunity,  you can contact me at:  XXX 






