JOB TITLE:  PRODUCTION MANAGER COMPANY:  Confidential LOCATION:  Metro Atlanta REPORTS TO:  OPERATIONS DIRECTOR DEPARTMENT:  MANUFACTURING  POSITION SUMMARY: Directs and manages production employees in a manufacturing and assembly environment. Coordinates operations for assigned department(s) to ensure manufacturing objectives are accomplished in a timely and cost effective manner. Supports and implements policies and procedures, recommends improvements in production methods, equipment, operating procedures and working conditions.   We are looking for an individual that has a passion for and experience leading people and managing processes through operations, and an individual that can gain credibility as a trusted leader and business partner. The right candidate has business acumen and a passion for making a difference in the business. He/She must have the ability to drive processes across a system, see trends and analyze data. Candidates for this role should be strong communicators who can act as catalysts for building organizational effectiveness and efficiency.    The candidate must have excellent leadership, project management, communication, presentation and interpersonal skills. The individual should have experience in dealing individuals at multiple levels of the organization. Key to success in the position and the company is to “live” the culture and core values of the Company.   ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS INCLUDE: • Ensures effective employee relations. Provides employee coaching and development. Makes employment decisions. Resolves employee issues through problem resolution. • Balances quality, productivity, cost, safety and morale to achieve positive results in all areas. Works to continuously improve in all areas  • Manages departmental performance measures, including visual controls and provides regular progress reports as defined.  • Owns safety performance of assigned areas and ensures safe working environments and adherence to company expectations for environment, health and safety programs.  • Maintains proper inventory levels. • Manages department priorities within scope of overall plant objectives. • Assure that operations are conducted in accordance with the Code of Ethics and Standards of Business Conduct and applicable law and regulation; take lead roles in corrective action necessary to restore conformity with ethical and compliance standards; serve as role model and actively foster employee awareness of and commitment to the Code. • Performs other various duties as may be assigned.   JOB SPECIFICATIONS: • High School diploma required; Bachelor's degree preferred in Management, Business Administration or a related field. • Minimum of 3-5 years’ of progressive manufacturing experience and responsibilities, experience must include supervisory experience in a manufacturing environment. • Leadership: a demonstrated ability to lead people and get results through others.  • Planning: an ability to develop and execute effective action plans to achieve results.  • Supervision, including employee hiring and retention, performance review and discipline.  • Employee training and development.  • Measurement of performance to goals and standards.  • An ability to balance and achieve positive results in the areas of safety, quality, productivity, inventory management, cost and employee relations.  • Literate in production scheduling and inventory control. • Systems and continuous improvement orientation.  • Quality orientation and attention to detail.  • Demonstrated ability to analyze problems drive to sustainable resolution.  • Strong interpersonal and communication skills.  • An ability to manage multiple priorities and adapt to changing situations..  • Strong team player.  • Strong interpersonal and negotiation skills, with the ability to establish and maintain effective working relationship with individuals at all levels within the organization. • Advanced skills in Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, PowerPoint, Word, and Outlook). • Ability to successfully manage multiple tasks and priorities and quickly adapt in a fast-paced high-energy environment.  EXPECTATIONS, KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES: Knowledge & Expectations – Requires a strong attention to detail and focus on management processes, high proficiency in reporting and data analysis. Candidate must have the ability to maintain confidentiality and professional decorum.  Must possess the ability to work and communicate effectively with others across all levels and functions of the business, and collaborate and establish strong working relationships with professional organizations and industry peers.  Mental – Requires a relatively high degree of concentration intermittently; periods of mental effort and concentration followed by other aspects of the job with lesser concentration and attention requirements. Physical – Requires walking/standing approximately 60%, sitting approximately 40% and lifting up to 40 lbs.; involves repetitive stooping, forward bending and crouching approximately 10% of time. Manual Dexterity – Requires use of hands, arms and feet for repetitive lifting; use of hands and arms to operate computers, time clocks, copy machine, other general office and plant tools and equipment, and to record written information. Audible Demands – Requires ability to communicate via verbal instructions and to communicate with outside sources and internal departments in person and via telephone. Visual – Requires the ability to read written instructions, correspondence and other documentation as well as operate office equipment such as computers and printers. Environmental – Requires capability of performing essential job functions in a manufacturing environment, with some exposure to environments with the presence of dust, fumes, noise, and fluctuating temperatures.  Available benefits include:  401K, paid annual holidays, medical coverage, life insurance, long-term disability insurance, tuition assistance and more!  We provide Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) to all qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. We are a drug-free and tobacco-free workplace.






supervising-job full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed