*Company Overview*  MISFITZ TV is an upcoming entertainment destination and YouTube channel committed to being as raw, real and unapologetic as digitally possible. It's entertainment for those comfortably themselves, even if it makes others uncomfortable.    *Your Job*  This summer, we will tour the country in search of the first ever MISFITZ TV stars and document the entire trip on our growing sister YouTube channel. We're seeking savvy, entrepreneurial and highly connected Account Executives to connect paid partners with our many advertising opportunities for this inaugural tour.  Within the first weeks, we'll educate you on the MISFITZ TV mission, advertising opportunities available for partners and the tour itself. Soon after you'll be fully equipped and moving beyond your sales goals. With high commissions, name talent attached to our channel and a strong existing team, this is a great opportunity for someone ready to work hard and reap the benefits for it.  Hint: only the brave apply!    *A Great Candidate will:*     * Exude compassion and be an outstanding closer. You understand your client's wants and needs. This helps you better tailor our advertising options to make them attractive and close the deal.    * Be entrepreneurial and/or a self-starter. This individual is comfortable making decisions and moving quickly without manager approval. He or she is comfortable in a fast-paced environment and manages multiple projects well.    * Maintain a strong track record of sales performance, ideally with 3+ years in digital advertising or entertainment.    * Communicate clearly and effectively both internally and externally. This individual can easily communicate our advertising options, content, mission, etc to potential clients.   *Terms & Compensation:*  3-month contract with competitive commission with opportunities for full-time hire.    *How to Apply*  Please send a cover letter, resume and availability to chat this week to jobs(at)misfitz.tv. We look forward to hearing from you!






2-4-years-experience-needed