JOB TITLE: Pre-K Teacher  REPORTS TO: Director  DIVISION: Childcare  QUALIFICATIONS:  KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES:  An Associates Degree or CDA with emphasis on preschool (early childhood) or nursery school. Extensive applicable experience can be used in lieu of a college degree.  A considerable amount of knowledge about child development and appropriate activities for young children. Ability to relate to children and parents from a variety of backgrounds. Great oral and written communication skills. Ability to plan and implement a developmentally appropriate curriculum for pre-school students. Good interpersonal skills. Willing to participate in on going training.  PERFORMANCE RESPONSIBILITIES:  JOB GOAL Create a flexible pre-kindergarten program and class environment favorable to learning and personal growth of students; to motivate students to develop great communication abilities, attitudes, skills and knowledge needed to provide an excellent foundation to prepare them to excel in this global society. In accordance with each student’s ability; to build strong ties between home and school; to establish good relationships with parents, other adults, and staff members.  Provide learning experiences in language arts, physical education, art, music, health, and other subject matter suited to the needs of students. Develop and use instructional materials suitable for verbal or visual instruction of students with wide range of mental, physical, and emotional maturities.  Develop in each student an awareness of his / her worth as an individual and his / her role in the family and community. Encourage students to express themselves creatively in art, music and dramatic play. Provide individual and small group instruction designed to meet individual needs of students in communication skills, health habits, physical skills, and development of satisfactory self-concepts. Work with other support personnel / agencies to promote this goal.  Enrich educational program through study trips to community resources such as museums, parks, zoos, and through classroom visits by resource persons from the school and community. Share and interpret these experiences with students and parents. Plan and coordinate the work of aides, assistants, parents, and volunteers in the classroom and on field trips in order to obtain the maximum benefit from their efforts.  Develop activities for parents which promote parent participation and involvement in education activities provided for their children. Communicate regularly with parents by means of parent meetings, newsletters, home visits, and individual parent conferences.  Interpret school program to parents in order to strengthen parental understanding of the individual student’s needs and the school’s role in the individual’s life. Provide appropriate climate to establish and reinforce acceptable student behavior, attitudes, and social skills.  Cooperate with other professional staff members in assessing and helping students solve health, attitude and learning problems. Create an effective environment for learning through functional and attractive displays, interest centers, and exhibits of students’ work.  Maintain professional competence through in-service education activities provided by the state of TN, and through self-selected professional growth activities.Select and requisition books, instructional aids, instructional supplies, and food.Participate in curriculum and other developmental programs as appropriate.  Perform other incidental tasks consistent with the goals and objectives of this position.






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed