Job Scope:  Assist with and coordinate CHPVC members in providing patient and family centered support to patients with congenital/acquired heart disease and their families, and CHPVC programs and events. Serve as leadership for the council, recruit/orient new members, serve as CHPVC liaison to Pediatric Cardiology Departments, and other organizations also supporting heart families, as well as build community relations. Position is part-time with flexible hours working from home.  Reports to:  CHPVC President  Job Duties:   1. Effectively perform duties identified in the CHPVC Coordinator job description. 2. Oversee CHPVC membership volunteer recruitment, communication, minutes, roster, mailing lists, activities, and support. 3. Engage CHPVC members in all activities and support their efforts. 4. Coordinate CHPVC meetings, including schedule, venue, announcements, setup, and agenda (engage members on agenda/meetings). 5. Provide and maintain CHPVC information at hospitals, Ronald McDonald House Charities, etc. 6. Coordinate CHPVC Scholarships, Volunteer of the Year Award, Research Grants, Lectureship, Family Forum, Happy Hearts Family Fun Day, Camp Strong Heart, and financial assistance programs (engage members). 7. Assist CHPVC Family Support Chair to ensure hospital visitation and family support coverage (including interface with patients and families, heart pillows, and patient incentives) and compliance. 8. Chair Doctors Who Cook Steering Committee to ensure successful event (work with CHPVC DWC committee members). 9. Research and pursue grants or other fundraising opportunities (engage other members). 10. Assist CHPVC Treasurer in financial reporting, contributor lists, and tax compliance.  11. Maintain CHPVC’s policies, procedures, and job descriptions (board engagement/approval for updates).  12. Prepare and compare fund budget, forecast, and actual reports. 13. Public relations interface to promote CHPVC mission to the community. 14. Maintain CHPVC printing and support supplies. 15. Provide and assist with CHPVC marketing, social media, and website updates. 16. Participate in establishing annual position goals, approved by the Board of Directors.   Education, Experience, Skills:  Preferably college education; experience in project management; understands parent advocacy; experience within the patient and family centered care clinical environment; experience with community fundraising; organized self-starter who can work independently with minimal supervision; computer skills, oral/written/interpersonal communication skills, and team-oriented competency.   Accountability:  Performing in a timely manner with minimal supervision, this position is accountable for productivity and achieving goal outcomes; position provides supervision over volunteers and committees; interpersonal interaction with council members, hospital, corporate, civic leaders, and staff; provides leadership; and decision-making reflecting good judgment.  Contract Wages: $1,000 per month plus bonus potential






full-time-job associate-needed salary