Restaurant Manager We are currently seeking a strong single unit manager to manage this exciting concept.  The Company At Pieology, our mission statement is to “Be Inspired to Make a Difference One Pie at a Time.” Using only the freshest ingredients, Pieology provides smoking hot pizzas in under 3 minutes.  Our work environment is team-oriented, fast-paced, and fun!  We offer comprehensive training, flexible schedules, and many paths for advancement.  If you are an enthusiastic, high-energy leader and share our passion for quality, service, and team work, Apply today!  The Opportunity In addition to Pieology’s policies and procedures, principle responsibilities include, but are not limited to the following:  Ensures Total Guest Satisfaction * Consistently provides quality products and best-in-class guest service experience. * Leads by example in demonstrating excellent customer service.  * Recruits and selects high-quality team members who demonstrate consistently excellent guest service. * Ensures all team members are properly trained, motivated, and empowered to perform at a high level. * Maintains labor and inventory at a level that meets or exceeds Pieology's standards. * Utilizes labor efficiently to meet budgets while also ensuring the highest level of quality, service, and cleanliness.  Manages the Business * Analyzes business performance; initiates appropriate corrective action when necessary; takes responsibility for the financial results of the restaurant. * Effectively utilizes available systems, procedures, technologies, and support departments to meet business objectives. * Executes company-wide marketing programs on time, correctly, and with minimal direction. * Identifies and develops local restaurant marketing strategies to maximize sales.  Acts Ethically and Legally * Ensures all business and personnel practices are legal and consistent with Pieology's policies and procedures. * Serves as a leadership example for all team members in all aspects of business and personnel management. * Practices equal opportunity employment, non-discrimination, and ADA (Americans with Disabilities Act) compliance.  Embodies the Values of Pieology * Models and encourages the values of Pieology. * Remains focused on the guest experience at all times. * Establishes an environment of trust and open communication. * Sets high goals for team members, and drives results.  The Ideal Candidate will have:  Education - High school diploma or equivalent. College degree strongly preferred.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills. The ability to communicate effectively in English with guests and co-workers.  Experience - 3-5 years serving in progressive management positions (preferably in a quick service, full service, or fast casual restaurant). Must be at least 18 years of age and have strong computer and mathematical skills.  Availability - Able to work a minimum of 45 hours per week; able to work flexible hours necessary to manage and operate the restaurant effectively.






