AppStar Financial offers a Sales Professional’s Dream Job with:  *Preset Qualified Appointments Top Commissions Monthly Bonuses of $3000+ Closing Assistance with Every Deal!*  *OUTSIDE SALES BUSINESS TO BUSINESS EXPERIENCE NEEDED*  As a leader in the electronic payments industry, we provide our merchants with the highest quality payment processing programs and solutions. It is our mission to maintain a world class sales and training organization. We are currently seeking an Outside Sales Account Manager to join our team! This is an excellent entry level opportunity with training in the financial industry.   Our Account Managers enjoy the AppStar Difference! We provide each of our consultants with comprehensive professional training and support at every step of the process. We will assist you by presetting appointments with qualified merchants in your area. Your Regional Manager will also provide closing assistance at every presentation.   *Benefits of the Business Development role include:* Multiple income streams $3,500+ per month in bonuses on top of regular commissions Generous Gas Bonus/Self-Gen Bonus Average commission of $690 on every deal State-of-the-art programs and innovative products that merchants need No nights and no weekends! (appointments are 9 am to 4 pm Mon - Fri) Short sales cycle - one call close A+ rated company and accredited by the Better Business Bureau Recession proof industry Account Manager – Representative – Business Development Consultant – Account Executive – Financial Entry Level – Finance  *Requirements of the Account Executive role include:* Outside sales and business-to-business experience Networking and business development skills Assertive and positive attitude Ethical approach to business Effective closing ability Power to learn and execute sales and marketing programs Availability Mon – Fri 9 am - 4 pm to run appointments Reliable transportation to run appointments in a 30 mile radius*Job Responsibilities*  As an Outside Sales Account Manager, you will maximize your earning potential at each sales appointment by providing the best products, services, and support for area businesses. You will be responsible for discovering the unique needs of your customers and providing them with solutions. You will cultivate strong business relationships in order to close deals.   *Other responsibilities of the Account Manager position include:*  Prospecting for customers Following up on appointments Keeping track of client information Participating in ongoing training  As an Account Manager, you must be a highly motivated professional with a great attitude, a strong desire to succeed, and excellent communication skills. Ideal candidates are results-driven team players with excellent organizational skills. You must be an excellent communicator who is able to interact exceptionally well with professionals, management, and senior level executives.   Apply today and join our world class sales team.






