Position Responsibilities    Targets and achieves call plan metrics to specified accounts within the assigned territory, which may include physicians’ offices, clinics, hospitals, retail pharmacies or other venues where assigned accounts operate.     Presents approved clinical information to influence physician decision makers, practitioners, other account personnel and pharmacy staff, in support of the company product, while focusing on best patient outcomes.     Develops and implements a territory business plan which is aligned to and consistent with marketing and account management strategies and tactics.     Demonstrates full understanding of REMs, incorporates and implements a REMs pull through plan into the territory level business plan.     Demonstrates in-depth knowledge of the company product and associated disease states, the pharmaceutical market space and the customers’ business objectives to support a rich sales interaction with medical professionals.     Develops productive relationships with key influencers within the assigned territory to support business development and gain access to area decision-makers.     Accesses marketing and account management partners and other company sales representatives to increase sales results and product growth both in the assigned territory and beyond.     Prepares in advance of company meetings by completing assignments fully and to specification.     Accurately and fully submits assigned reports, including expense reporting, by due dates.     Maintains and is accountable to operate within company policy for use of for all provided company property, including assigned company fleet car, physicians’ contact information lists, call records, computers, PDAs or cell phones, company credit cards, manuals, textbooks, marketing materials and other assigned equipment     All responsibilities of the Pain Sales Specialist are carried out with strict adherence to all HCC and company guidelines for selling, messaging, and use of marketing materials.     Experience/Knowledge     A minimum of a Bachelors degree is required.     Three or more years of direct selling experience to healthcare professionals in the pharmaceutical, biotech, or healthcare industries. Experience in Pain and/or Oncology preferred.     Demonstrated ability to achieve sales goals with documented track record of sales performance required; top 30% in sales organization preferred.     Local account and customer relationships     Success in key account management selling environment (MD., RN, office staff, RPh)     Strategic thinking, analytical and reasoning abilities.     Excellent written and interpersonal communication skills. Ability to get along with diverse personalities. Demonstrates tactfulness, maturity and flexibility.     Individual performer with ability to work cross functionally with team members, internal team business partners and customers to achieve objectives.     Individuals must live within the current geography or willing to relocate to it.     A valid driver's license, clean driving record and the ability to travel as necessary (potentially overnight and/or weekend) are required.   






2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed