The primary focus of the position of Development Manager is to secure corporate sponsorships and individual gifts to meet financial goals by executing events on behalf of the American Lung Association in Delaware. Implicit in that focus is the recruitment and retention of event participants as volunteer fundraisers.  This position reports to the Vice President of Development and is responsible for planning, developing, and executing special events in Delaware.    Essential Duties and Responsibilities • Recruits and organizes committees and volunteers needed to achieve financial goals of the following ALA events:  Fighting for Air Climb, annual Gala, and other events as assigned. • Coordinates, directs, and supports the activities of the event committees and volunteers • Oversees all aspects of the implementation of the events, including: o Recruitment of volunteer leadership.  o Recruitment of local sponsors and in-kind sponsors. o Coordination of committee meetings and activities. o Ordering of all materials needed for the event. o Development of a local timeline of activities. o All mailings key to event.  o All public relations relating to the program. o Completes and submits all related reports as required. o Maintenance of complete records relating to the events. o Responsible for creating draft expense budget.  Education • Bachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education and fundraising/sales experience.  Experience • Minimum of 2 years experience in fundraising and/or sales experience in a community-based organization  • Previous supervisory experience preferred. • Minimum of 2 years of ALA Fundraising and Development experience. • Experience recruiting and managing volunteers and committees preferred but not required.  Skills   • Effective communication and leadership skills coupled with a vision toward goal achievement. • Ability to motivate others toward established company directives. • Good conflict resolution skills • Must be flexible, detail oriented and have the ability to multitask. • The ability to effectively manage time and multiple priorities, meet deadlines, and respond to inquiries in a timely manner is essential. • Ability to work both independently and in a team environment. • Excellent communication and negotiation skills  • Good PC skills with working knowledge of Microsoft Office   Certificates, License, and Registrations • Maintain a valid Driver’s License  All American Lung Association positions (Mid-Atlantic) require a criminal background check.  Most positions require a valid driver’s license and proof of auto insurance.  A Child Abuse History Clearance is also required for some positions.   Comprehensive benefits package for full time positions includes medical, dental, and vision insurance.  Life Insurance and additional voluntary life products available.  Matching 403(b) and employer discretionary contribution available after 1 year of service. Generous amount of vacation, sick and holiday time.    Exempt Status: Salaried personnel are expected to work additional hours, including evenings and weekends as workloads and projects demand.






full-time-job bs-degree-needed supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed