Job Requirements 1. Must be 18 years old or older 2. Available to start between September 16th and October 10th 3. Must have prior riding experience and prior groom experience 4. Must be able to lift 50lbs 5. Horseshow experience preferred  6. Driver’s License Required 7. Must be fit and agile and competent rider 8. Must be able to maintain professionalism 9. Must be organized and comfortable with barn and administrative tasks 10. Must be a team player with a positive, helpful attitude  Duties   Assists the Boarding Barn Manager and Head Trainer in the care and custody of boarded ponies/horses and lesson ponies/horses.  Assists with the lesson/training program, including summer programs as needed.  Helps to maintain the boarding barn, boarding grounds and equipment.  • Feed program and schedule for each animal (hay, supplements, water, etc.) • Medication and special needs program • Shavings distribution • Cleaning of stalls including cleaning of buckets • Cleaning of paddocks and compliance with DHEC regulations • Turn-out • Blanketing and other care relating to weather  Helps Coordinate medical, veterinary, farrier and other needs with the Boarding Barn Manager • Coggins and vaccinations • De-worming • Trimming and/or shoes • Clipping and washing  Charges to clients for Office Manager • Lessons and training • Additional medical, vet or farrier bills • Horseshows or other events  Assists Boarding Barn Manager and Head Trainer with lessons and training program • Keep track of lessons and training for Academy students and boarders • Planning horseshows and other events (with Head Trainer and Office Manager) • Organizing and running Summer Camp(with Head Trainer and Office Manager) • Attending horseshows or maintaining the barn while other trainers are away   Assists with maintenance of boarding barn, arena and turn-out paddocks • Cleaning and maintenance of boarding barn • Arena watering schedule • Arena dragging schedule • Maintaining of arena edges and walkways • Repair of gates and fencing (coordinate with staff) • Maintenance of arena furniture • Organization of tack room • Laundry • Inventory of supplies, medicines, tack, etc. (with Office Manager)  Additional Duties • Assisting in overseeing the health and welfare of all animals at Lawton, including the trail horses  • Keeping track of hay, shavings and other needs and coordinating with Office Manager • Drive trailer/transport horses when necessary  • Coordinating employees in Academy and boarding programs • Ensuring no rider in program is alone after hours • Night Check






full-time-job