Aptive Resources is currently seeking a Health Technology Analyst to support the Department of Veterans Affairs implement technology systems at VA Medical Centers (VAMCs) across the country.  The Health Technology Analyst will coordinate, promote, market, and guide the deployment and implementation efforts for the Virtual Lifetime Electronic Record (VLER) Health Exchange, Direct Secure Messaging and Blue Button Download programs, to include project coordination, issue remediation, project communication and outreach and reporting. The Analyst will lead efforts to establish health information exchange programs in their designated area, while serving as the Point of Contact (POC) for VA, local community, and private sector stakeholders. They will draw from the lessons learned from the previous program efforts, to evolve a more adapted and efficient implementation for their situation. Furthermore, the Analyst will work closely together to continuously learn from each other and refine their plans. Finally, the Analyst will compile their lessons learned and assist the VA in reaching the entire Rural Veteran population.  Experience:  • Minimum of 3 years' experience in the coordination of and communication with various stakeholder groups  • Healthcare systems knowledge or experience working in a hospital or clinical setting  • Knowledge of the Department of Veterans Affairs  • Minimum of 2 years' experience developing formal project plans and presentations and presenting to executive leadership and stakeholders  • Minimum of 2 years' experience within the healthcare sector. May be operational, revenue cycle management, sales and/or support  • Ability to understand technical requirements for health information exchange between private and public sector partners  • Ability to develop focused communications, including education and marketing materials, for a variety of audiences  • Project management skills, including ability to follow and maintain a formal project plan, produce well-written, organized reports, and manage competing priorities and changes in work direction  • Ability to follow, maintain, and execute a formal test plan and document test results  • Must possess excellent oral and written communication skills  • Independent, highly motivated self-starter and problem solver  • Familiar with Health IT systems and clinical/hospital operations a plus    Roles and Responsibilities:  • Lead and coordinate the deployment in all facilities associated with the designated VAMC as the main point of contact when interfacing with stakeholders supporting VA, DoD, and private sector providers interested in implementing Veteran health data exchange in the specified VLER Health Community.  • Coordinate, influence, and assist local teams that will support the Veteran Health Data Exchange.   • Provide project planning support at each new and existing health data exchange community.  • Provide communications support at each new and existing health data exchange community for VLER Health.  • Provide training, either in person or remote via telephone or live meeting, when a new VLER program is added to a community.  • Develop project milestones for each new and existing health data exchange community and track progress toward those milestones based on participation in all local activities, including contacts with healthcare partners and with DoD.  • Work with health data exchange community participants and stakeholders to refine the findings and formulate proposals for VLER Health deployment local initiatives.  • Analyze and document the business processes used for the release of patient information, patient identity management, information security, patient consent, and patient clinic visits.   Aptive Resources (www.example.com) is a Service Disabled Veteran Owned Small Business (SDVOSB) and Woman Owned Small Business delivering communications, outreach, and information technology consulting solutions. We have built a broad client base through our devotion to delivering quality products and customer service, and to do that we need quality individuals. But more than that, Aptive is committed to creating a culture that supports the development of every employee's personal and professional lives. Aptive has made a commitment to maintain the status of an industry leader in compensation packages and benefits, which includes competitive salaries and benefits, performance bonuses, training and educational reimbursement opportunities.






2-4-years-experience-needed