*MUST BE LOCATED IN THE ALEXANDRIA, VA AREA.*  Are you looking for a new challenge with an innovative, industry-leading organization? Do you have an independent spirit and a passion for a travel, teamwork and great work ethic. If this sounds like a good-fit for you, then please read further to find a great opportunity with a company with a culture founded in trust and deep core-value commitments to it’s Associates.  DataScan Field Services (www.example.com), a JM Family Company, is the largest floorplan inventory verification and vehicle inspection company in the industry. DataScan Field Services delivers best-in-class inventory verification and inspection solutions while leveraging its experience, scale, technological expertise, and “customer-first” attitude to produce exceptional results for its clients. DataScan Field Services has an immediate opening for an Associate Field Specialist (Inventory Inspector) based in the Alexandria, VA area.  JOB DESCRIPTION:  Primary Function: This position is responsible for the physical verification and reconciliation of financed automotive inventory at dealerships. This is a home-based field position that requires the ability to work independently.  This position requires: • Efficiency in scheduling and routing of audits each month so all required audits are completed per client guidelines. • Auditing of dealership records, including those of sold and leased vehicles. • Conducting physical inventory check of onsite collateral. • Inspecting the condition of turned in leased vehicles. • Verification of dealer compliance to Manufacturers’ facility or operational standards. • Administrative recording and reporting of audit results to customers at the conclusion of each audit. • Extensive daily travel to customer sites, including some overnight travel within assigned region as well as outside the assigned region. • Ability to work independently. • Ability to demonstrate professionalism, excellent communication and interpersonal skills. • Excellent problem solving and decision making skills. • Ability to shift priorities with minimal notice. • Must be qualified to operate a motor vehicle and possess a valid driver’s license. • Other responsibilities as assigned.  We are looking for self-motivated and detail-oriented individuals with basic computer skills and excellent verbal and written communication skills.  *If interested, please click on the link provided below to complete the on-line application*  www.example.com






