Ambitious Strategic Alliance Manager needed for an INC 500 Fastest Growing Company!  Are you the ambitious rising star within your organization but long for something more exciting where you will be able to make a significant impact?  We are seeking a very special and talented professional who has proven results within a sales and alliance type role for both products and services, ideally within the EDU vertical.  You may be content in your current situation, but with the right opportunity, perhaps you could be happier.  At this point in your career, you have the option to stay where you are or you could become the key Strategic Alliance Manager within a fast paced INC 500 growing company.     Within this role you will be the key executive to drive strategic alliance initiatives for two separate but jointly held companies that service the EDU vertical:  School Tech Supply and Poindexter Technology.  School Tech Supply provides refurbished desktops, laptops and computer parts to over 3,000 EDU clients throughout the USA and Canada.  Poindexter Technology provides IT services as well as highly complex storage and virtual solutions.    Can you combine your skills and ambitions to do the following: • Identify national purchasing co-op’s, alliances and consortiums: build strong relationships within these organizations to promote both School Tech Supply and Poindexter Technology?   • Successfully manage relationships and sales activities to these national organizations by networking, traveling to and attending quarterly/yearly conferences and symposiums?  • Develop special membership pricing programs through custom membership pages? • Plan and arrange technical in-person workshops for these national organizations?   If you: • Are in a great job now but want something more exciting  • Have a track record of developing sales and alliances that drive leads for ISR’s • Want to join an industry that is exploding in growth and spending:  Technology within K-12 • Are able to travel roughly 50% of your time to organizations nationwide • Want to work with a great group of people within a fast paced exciting successful company • Want to be recognized and rewarded for successful results that you achieve  Then we want to talk with you!   This unique person will become our key Strategic Alliance Professional and provide the vital link our organization requires to achieve its goals.   The right person will have a rare opportunity to play a pivotal role in the success of a business that has a goal of growing from 19.5mm in annual revenue today to over 60mm within five years.   For two years running now we have been listed on the INC 500 list of fastest growing companies in the country.  Your role will be the first of its kind within our organization yet will have the biggest impact on expanding the business.   If you want to accelerate your career with a team that rewards the people who anchor and grow the business, email us with your resume. Include a cover page stating why you believe you fit the description, and what you would bring to the organization.  Tell us about your values, integrity and ingenuity.    We look forward to hearing from you!  Email us today! example@example.com






