At KFC, we feed the world. But we do more than fill people up. We fulfill their life. Our meals matter, and when we serve them with southern hospitality, we make our customer’s day.  So our jobs are more than a paycheck – they’re about being independent, having fun, and making new friends.   If you’re looking to be a manager of your own business but don’t know how to get started, check out our Assistant Restaurant Manager position. As an Assistant Restaurant Manager, you are second in command of a $1 million+ business. Working with your Restaurant General Manager, you grow the business by making our customers’ day. And when you do, you get rewarded in a big way.   *What are we looking for?*  The good news is that your training will teach you everything you need to know to succeed on the job. But there are a few skills you should have from the get-go:  * A natural leader, you want to be co-captain because you can help bring together a winning team. You’re all about creating a great place to work for the team. * You want to make your customer’s day and it shows in the way you are maniacal about serving great-tasting chicken with a great big smile. * We have a GREAT culture and look for GREAT people to add to our family. You know who you are --honest, energetic, motivational and fun.  * You set high standards for yourself and for the team. * You’re up for a challenge. You love the excitement of the restaurant business and know every day is different. * And, you’re at least 18 years old with a valid driver’s license, reliable transportation (not public transportation – you may need to drive to make deposits for the restaurant sometimes) and a true desire to learn and grow.  *Additional Requirements:* * 1-2 years food service/quick service restaurant management * Computer literate * Strong work ethic * Enjoy working as a Team and interacting with Customers * Ability to lift 50 lbs.  At KFC, what you do matters! So if you want to be part of a winning team, find out now why Life Tastes Better with KFC. Apply today!






supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed