CIEE, Council on International Educational Exchange, is seeking Local Coordinators in California - all over the state. As a CIEE Local Coordinator, you help coordinate school and host family placements for international high school students in your local community. You also work with regional staff to coordinate supervision and support for students and families throughout the duration of the exchange program. CIEE Local Coordinators are passionate about bringing the world closer together, increasing inter-cultural awareness, and finding safe and welcoming homes in their community for international exchange students.   Primary Responsibilities:  a. Recruit and select host families in your area  b. Match students with host families c. Build and maintain relationships with local schools d. Provide support and guidance to students and host families throughout the experience e. serve as a Liaison between local students, families, and schools and our professional support staff  Knowledge and Skills: Successful candidates for the Local Coordinator position possess the following qualities and skills: Creativity, patience, persistence, strong social skills and the ability to work with all people. Ability to problem-solve, network, communicate effectively, and act objectively, within CIEE and Department of State guidelines. An understanding of cultural differences is helpful, as well as a desire to work with international youth.  Training and Support:  CIEE provides comprehensive Training for Local Coordinators to prepare them for all aspects of the position including, but not limited to: placements, supervision and support, conflict mediation and resolution, sales/outreach, and intercultural training. Regional Staff members work directly with Local Coordinators to guide them through initial training modules and provide additional support and training throughout the year.  Hours/ Compensation: This position is not salaried; Local Coordinators can receive financial compensation in the form of placement & supervision fees, bonuses, and all-inclusive travel incentives. As a Local Coordinator, you manage your own schedule and have flexible hours; many of our current local coordinators have full time jobs, are stay at home moms and dads, or are retired. Must be 25 years of age to apply.






