OutSell: OutSell was founded in 1996 with the belief that we could deliver customized sales training and coaching that is more effective than the off-the-shelf sales training solutions available.  Our focus is building a sales consulting company where we spend our time and energy solving issues for clients and creating long lasting sustainable change that drive results.  Some of our clients include large and small companies like Google, Avis Budget Group, Anthem, Direct TV, MetLife, and many more.   Overview of Responsibilities: Engage with clients in one-on-one coaching interactions via web conference and occasional in person meetings. Your main goal is to work with clients to help them master and apply what they received in training classes. You will demonstrate what they should do, help them practice, and then evaluate and re-instruct.   This position must report and track each person's progress, be able to quickly identify what areas they need help with, and provide clients clear action plans.   Key Skills: • Strong public speaking skills • Great social skills • Ability to build rapport quickly with different personalities • Good writing skills • Self motivated and hard working • Success in sales and/or customer service roles • Great at motivating and guiding clients • Ability to quickly learn client's tasks and products along with coaching material  Accountability: This position will be held accountable by how well those they coach improve in thier predetermined metrics. They will also receive regular evaluations both internally at OutSell and externally from those they coach.   Each individual will be hired initially as an independent contractor and will be compensated for 90 days of work. After 90 days if both OutSell and you feel good about the position and performance, you could be considered for a full-time position offer along with other opportunities to move up in the company.  Compensation: First 90-Days: $10,000 plus $2,500 performance bonus based on key performance indicators as established upon hiring. If extended a full-time position after 90-Days: $60,000 annual salary, plus 10% performance bonus, plus healthcare allowance.  If you have worked in sales, customer service, client relations, etc. and would like the experience of working with large and small companies to generate real results for them, OutSell is a dynamic company that makes a real impact for it’s clients.  If you like feeling like you are part of the team, and helping others to improve while having a stable paycheck, this is the job for you.






salary