AAA East Central is looking for someone to deliver training to branch operations employees in multiple AAA markets. A sampling of training delivered by this employee includes department of transportation procedures, sales and customer service, Travel Portal, Interaction Management, air, car, hotel bookings, travel agent destinations, new employee orientation, coaching employees while taking live member calls, etc. This position will deliver training in a classroom setting and in live virtual (web conference) settings. May be cross-trained to support other business lines. May update class/participant/facilitator materials as needed, prepares class materials and rosters, completes evaluations for courses taught and finalizes classes electronically.    SCHEDULED DAYS AND HOURS: Must be generally available Monday – Friday. Hours and days may vary according to training needs. Must be able to travel by air and/or car both in-state and out-of-state. Use of personal vehicle and good driving record required. Must be willing to consider relocation for advancement opportunities.    REQUIRED EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE, AND/OR SKILLS:   1. Intermediate: Creativity to enhance classroom education and presentation materials.  2. Intermediate: Must be articulate and utilize proper grammar in daily conversation and development of written materials. Convey pride in work. Maintain professional appearance.  3. Intermediate: Presentation skills in facilitating classes and leading discussions for both small and very large groups. Also must excel in one-on-one coaching and tutoring.  4. Intermediate: Demonstrate ability to be a productive member in a team setting.   5. Advanced: Ability to assimilate new information quickly. Demonstrates initiative to enhance knowledge and skill levels. Does not need to be monitored closely.   6. Other Experience, Skills, and Abilities:   a. Experience in presenting material to diverse groups.   b. Must be able to learn quickly, keep up with changes and work well on a team.  c. Demonstrated ability in multi-tasking and ability to prioritize.  d. Must be flexible when priorities and schedules suddenly change.   e. Must be able to persevere in pursuit of critical information and desire for employees/students to be successful.   f. Must be willing to obtain in-depth knowledge of destinations, Travel Portal, Apollo Air, Viewpoint Car and Hotel, and Interaction Management preferred. Customer service orientation essential.   g. Customer service experience required.   h. Must have the ability to deliver class content either verbally or recorded in an effective manner.   7. Computer proficiency:   a. Intermediate: PowerPoint  b. Intermediate to Advanced: Outlook  c. Basic: Excel Skills  d. Intermediate: Word Skills  8. Education: Bachelor’s Degree preferred.






bs-degree-needed