*Essential Duties and Responsibilities*  • Able to deal with complex compensation analysis for varied disciplines: drilling shift differentials, various and complicated incentive and bonus plans, etc;  • Analyzes compensation, prepare various salary reports for senior management; • Designs compensation plans, including base pay, allowances, bonus, and equity • Define compensation guidelines for salary analysis and job leveling; • Help build new Wage Scales for rig locations. • Help build job descriptions, mapping, salary bands.  • Assign compensation guidelines and plans to targeted compensation packages; • Analyze and review compensation in multiple dimensions (e.g. organization, team, business site); • Review global pay scales in multiple currencies by job or job level; • Monitor compensation processes across business units to ensure total spend doesn't exceed budget; • Maintains employee compensation database; • Maintains Headcount report and other critical HR reports as related to compensation; • Perform other relevant duties as requested.   *Job Knowledge, Skills and Abilities* • Broad knowledge and practice of all compensation areas of HR, Regular Base, Incentive, Bonus and Executive, Deferred compensation plans; • High degree of speed and accuracy in daily work; • Proven ability to write, letters, policies, programs with clarity and accuracy; • Has proven and practiced highly organized processes in all HR work;  • Very knowledgeable with international compensation needs and support required for operations operating outside the US.  Qualifications • Skill in database management and recordkeeping (Very strong with Excel). • Experience in an oil field service and drilling environment a plus. • Experience with HRIS systems for compensation management;  • Proven ability to maintain absolute confidence and confidentiality; • Ability to work with individuals at all levels of the organization and foster teamwork.  Excellent interpersonal and coaching skills. • Effective oral and written communication skills.  *Education, Experience, Certification, and Training* • 5-10 years of HR experience preferably in oil industry HR or similar experience specifically in Compensation • Bachelor’s degree, or equivalent, in human resources management or proven equivalent experience.  • Professional in Human Resources (SPHR or Certified CEB highly preferred, or the interest to complete soon. • MA Degree in HR from accredited college or significant equivalent experience a plus   *CONTRACT ROLE - 4 MONTHS* Salary open based on experience and qualifications Please state hourly salary requirements with resume.   Please understand that only qualified candidates will be contacted. Thank you!






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed