Location: Fort Sam Houston, TX  Reports to: Master Supply Technician Logistician I – Supply, or Contract Hand Receipt Holder  General Summary:  INFINITE SERVICES & SOLUTIONS, INC. Corporation is seeking technically qualified, energetic individuals to serve as, Data Entry Clerk (SAMS-1/2E), providing Integrated Logistical Support Services (ILSS) in support of the Army Material Command’s, Army Sustainment Command (ASC) other branches of the Armed Services, and Government agencies worldwide. Responsible for activities which cover the breath of the logistics mission to include, property accountability, asset visibility, maintenance and fleet management, unit level maintenance, vehicle operator and supporting functions, Army information system management and reporting, operational planning, storage operations, facilities management, security, and quality management. Duties and Responsibilities:  • Document actions in accordance with The Army Maintenance Management System using automated or manual systems.  • Integrated supply management for general supplies to include Class II, III(P), IV, VII, and IX. • Maintain equipment availability status. • Report equipment readiness. • Create maintenance work orders. • Records and historical files maintenance.  • Dispatching and equipment return processes and procedures.  • Manage tools and specialty equipment. • Other duties as assigned to meet organizational/operational objectives.   Minimum Qualifications: High School diploma. Two years of related experience (REQUIRED) Experience in performing the following functions, check equipment availability, maintain equipment files, dispatch equipment, add/delete operators, enter equipment faults, schedule equipment maintenance, print dispatch control log, equipment service records, create maintenance work order/task and assign personnel.  Education and/or Experience Requirements:  Knowledge and experience in the use of Standard Army Maintenance System – Enhanced (SAMS-E), and Integrated Logistics Analysis Program (ILAP)  Knowledge/experience with the following programs are preferred:  Enhanced Dollar Cost Banding (EDCB)  Logistics Integrated Database (LIDB)  Federal Logistics Information System (FLIS)/FEDLOG  Readiness Predictive Analyzer (RPA)  Certificate, Licenses, Registration, Clearance: Must be a U.S. citizen Posses a SECRET security clearance or have a current application in good standing. Must have a valid driver’s license.  Specific contractual requirements regarding education and experience prevail where applicable.   Supervision: None  Resumes along with salary requirements should be submitted to:    NOTE: In order to be considered Job Location, Position Applying For, and Name (in this order) must be in the subject line when submitting resume via email.  INFINITE SERVICES & SOLUTIONS, INC. Corporation is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We offer a dynamic benefits package to include competitive salary, excellent medical, dental, and vision plans.    Visit our website for additional employment opportunities: www.example.com   INFINITE SERVICES & SOLUTIONS, INC. Corporation EOE AA/M/F/D/V






2-4-years-experience-needed