Job Title:   Network Engineer/Information Assurance Lead Program:   OPTARSS II Security Clearance:  Top Secret/SCI Work Location:  Joint Base Lewis McChord (JBLM) Hire Type:   New     Replacement Employee Type:  Hourly (full-time)     Salary (full-time)     Other: ________ Number of Positions: 1 Targeted Start Date:  12/01/2014   General Summary:  Infinite Services & Solutions, Inc. is looking for an experienced, highly skilled Network Engineer/Information Assurance Lead to join our professional team providing mission training services for a Mission Training Complex.   Essential Duties and Responsibilities:   1. Act as the overall communications architect and Alternate Information Assurance Support Officer (IASO) for the Mission Training Complex 2. Responsible for coordination with outside agencies and MTC branches 3. Create/establish communications architecture, coordinate communications plans, configure communications equipment, implement Information Assurance processes, and assist in installing equipment and circuitry in support of distributed exercises 4. Coordinate all aspects of the communications architecture and exercise support plans with communications planners at other simulation facilities, the JBLM NEC, and participating tactical units 5. Plans include distribution of data, voice, and VTC over both LAN and WAN in both classified and unclassified modes for simulations/stimulation networks; NIPRNET, SIPRNET, and tactical networks.  Minimum Qualifications:  To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skills, and/or abilities required.   Education and/or Experience Requirements:  1. Bachelor's Degree from an accredited institution in Network Management or related field 2. 8 years experience in Network architecture design and implementation  3. Possess advanced planning, troubleshooting and maintenance skills on the Microsoft server platform and CISCO router, switch and firewall configuration and SONET configuration/architecture  4. Have a strong understanding of technology integration and information flow including LAN/WAN, firewalls, security, storage, and backup methodologies 5. Knowledge of specific product lines (Cisco, Fujitsu, Hewlett Packard, Tripwire) 6. Understand the DIACAP Certification &Accreditation process and Information Assurance requirements 7. Certified in network administration and IA Certification IAW DoDI 8570.01, DoD 8570.01-M, and AR 25-2 8. Excellent organizational, writing, and communication skills are required.  9. Position requires close customer contact and the ability to work independently and creatively.  10. Successful candidates must exhibit the ability to effectively communicate with clients, colleagues, and senior government officials.    11. Must be proficient in the following Microsoft applications: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook 12. Must be proficient in the English Language with good communication skills   Supervision:    Physical demands described herein are representative of those that must be met to successfully perform the essential functions of this position. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position.  While performing the duties of this position, the employee may be required to sit, talk and/or hear. The employee is frequently required to walk; use hands and fingers to feel and reach with hands and arms. The employee is occasionally required to stand; climb or balance and stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision.  The work environment characteristics described herein are representative of those an employee may encounter while performing the essential functions of this job.  The employee will normally work in a temperature-controlled office environment, with frequent exposure to electronic office equipment. May be times when an employee is exposed to extreme cold or hot weather conditions. Rarely will an employee be exposed to fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and loud noise.  Infinite Services & Solutions, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We offer a dynamic benefits package to include competitive salary, medical, dental, vision, life and disability insurance, 401(k) plan, and employee recognition.   Resume along with salary requirements should be submitted to:






supervising-job bs-degree-needed full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed hourly-wage