Mechanical Engineer    Job Description:  The primary duties of the Mechanical Engineer include providing an onsite presence and responsibility for subcontractor coordination, scheduling, and quality control for the buildings mechanical systems. Systems included are: central plant, air distribution, hydronic, plumbing, and medical gas. Additionally, the Engineer will assist in developing procedures for executing such activities and implement procedures in coordination with the project team and interact with the project engineering oversight team as their onsite representative.  The Mechanical Engineer will also be capable of performing additional construction management during the construction phase, Title II services, activities include: ongoing inspections of the mechanical construction, quality control and value engineering reviews of design documents, project construction performance presentations, and coordination and communications with other disciplines, USACE, and local jurisdictions such as DPW, TXDOT, etc.     The Mechanical Engineer will also be responsible for: monitoring the progress of the overall design as related to construction requirements; performing value engineering and constructability reviews; coordinating local bidding efforts for quotes obtained in the field; assisting in procurement of purchase orders and subcontract packages; coordinating, expediting, and reviewing construction submittals; coordinating and managing project quality assurance and control, and inspection services; and ensuring subcontractor compliance with the Health and Safety Program through communication and inspections. Provides construction administration services as needed in conjunction with the USACE team and HDR Contract Administrators.    Keywords: 111054, Mechanical Engineer, Architecture, Engineering, Mechanical Systems, Healthcare, Schematic Design, AutoCAD    Qualifications:  - Bachelors Degree in Mechanical Engineering.  - P.E. required.  - 10+ years experience in mechanical design and inspection of commercial or institutional buildings. Federal/DoD and healthcare facilities experience strongly preferred.  - Extensive knowledge of mechanical, plumbing, and medical gas systems including life safety and building management systems.  - Experience with central plant systems including high pressure steam, hydronic, and process piping systems.  - Strong computer knowledge of Microsoft Office, Excel, AutoCAD MEP 2011, and mechanical design software is required; AutoCAD experience would be a plus.  - Requires working knowledge of related design disciplines and must have good communication and coordination skills with other design personnel.  - Must be familiar with codes including mechanical, plumbing, and medical gas as well as ASHRAE, SMACNA, FGI 2010/AIA Guidelines for Design of Healthcare Facilities.  This position may be subject to a pre-employment drug test and drug and alcohol testing during the course of your employment based upon HDR's Drug Testing and Drug Free Workplace Policy.   To apply, please click on the following link or copy and paste it into your browser:  www.example.com    Or see www.example.com and search for job number 111054.  An Affirmative Action Participant EOE M/F/D/V  






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed