Candidate Screening Questions  1. If the candidate does not have a tertiary degree or diploma, do they have at least 5 years of supervisory experience in a retail setting?  2. If the candidate does have a tertiary degree or diploma, do they have at least 3 years supervisory experience in a retail setting?  3. Does the candidate have experience with both hardline and softline product?    Candidate Experience  • 2+ to 5 years of experience   • Management Experience Required – Yes  • Minimum Education - High School or Equivalent  • Willingness to Travel - Occasionally   • Visa Candidates Considered - No      This company is a great place to work because:  • Established in 1919, stable and growing organization.  • 85 cents of every dollar made in a Goodwill store goes directly back to the community.  • An opportunity to work for a non-profit organization.  • Make a difference while you work.  • Great benefits, generous Paid Time Off.    Detailed Bounty Description  This position is responsible for maximizing sales and revenues by overseeing the overall merchandising and visual presentation within organizational guidelines, and providing quality customer service while supporting the Goodwill/Easter Seals mission.    Duties include demonstrating to customers that we have value-priced products in a friendly, clean, and easy-to-shop environment; modeling excellent customer service on the sales floor; ensuring the store's visual presentation is exciting and promotes sales; and assuming manager-on-duty responsibilities as needed.    Skills and Certifications Required  • Hardline Experience   • Softline Experience   • Supervisory/Management Experience     Description of the Ideal Candidate  • Energetic, engaged, intelligent  • Used to using initiative to find new tasks/projects, and takes pride in completing these projects  • Ambitious, wants to be a Store Manager one day    The ideal candidate has worked for these companies:  Target, Best Buy, Toys R Us.  Any big-box retailer with high SKU count.  Walmart candidates are not a fit.  






supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed