Responsibilities  Depending on the development phase of the project, accountabilities can be summarised as management and enablement of the following activities:  § Establish and implement the project controls process and system.  § Provide the Project with the list of plans required to execute the project and their hierarchy relationship.  § Develop the cost management procedures  § Develop the planning and progress monitoring procedures.  § Provide project management support in the development of cost breakdown structures, estimates, records and forecasts for the timely submission into the investment documentation, the annual corporate planning cycle, or partner cash calling submissions.  § Provide project management support in the development of the work breakdown structure, activities, logic, resources and progress of the integrated project schedule, i.e. baseline Develop Cost Time and Resource (CTR) sheets for phased cost estimates for the project in line with the company guidance.  § Provide the Project Manager with accurate monthly cost reports  § Provide the Project Manager with monthly progress updates, forecast completions, together with the critical path and trend analyses.  § Develop contract pricing and administration instructions for alignment with the cost breakdown structure, bid evaluations and company counter estimates to support contract award recommendations.  § Develop the contract key dates, milestones and Company plan dates for alignment with the overall integrated plan, in evaluating bid schedules and in reviewing contractor plans to support contract award recommendations.  § Apply probabilistic techniques to determine and communicate the possible range of cost and schedule outcomes for the project.  § Analyse of trends that offer early warning of any deviations  § Assess the impact of approved Review scope change requests for the total installed cost & schedule impact  § Prepare reconciliations between earlier cost estimates and the current cost forecast.  § Establish and deliver IM framework, documenting project strategy and plan for knowledge, data, document, and correspondence management, collaboration, application and infrastructure support.  § Ensure that IM strategy and plan comply requirements for handover to customer operating companies and EPC contractors.  § Manage interaction with other disciplines on the project, such as Project Management, Project Engineering, HSE, Discipline Engineering, Finance, Contracting & Procurement, etc, Create a clear relationship with the Finance & Contracting and Procurement functions in the project and align the respective on roles, responsibilities and deliverables.  § Identify, implement and maintain the complete controls structure, tools and procedures needed for the Project based on the contracting strategy, execution plan and the risks identified.   Skills / Experience Required   § Engineering Degree and/or Certification as Project Services Manager or equivalent § Minimum of 15+ year’s industry experience in project services management positions across all project phases. Requires particular competency in Mid Stream early project development and execution.  § Experience in managing large multi discipline teams of senior project services personnel.  § A high degree of skill in written and oral communications. 






5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed