We are currently working on a Congress and Marketing Coordinator position in the in Minneapolis, MN region.  Please review the details below.  If interested, please send along a word attached version of your resume.  I will review it and contact you directly with any questions I may have.    If you are not currently looking and listening to new opportunities, please feel free to pass this description along.  This position will oversee all the details involving the attendance and presence of Company representatives, exhibit material and promotional support at these conferences. This position will support International and US Marketing. Budget, expense tracking and forecasting for the Marketing department. They will be coordinating with the Marketing Communication’s department on tradeshow projects.   Primary responsibilities include: • Coordinate registration and exhibit fees for large marketing conferences and workshops. Travel 6-8 times a year for show coordination. Process appropriate exhibit documents, ordering of services and establishing payment. Upload all documents according to legal compliance. Coordinate shipments of literature, booth, & sales tools to all events. Assist with overflow of smaller regional tradeshows.  • Provide reporting of tradeshow outcome and statistics. Keep historical information database for future use and keep management informed regularly.  • Coordinate with Marketing Product Management and Marketing Communications on projects such as product launches, sales tools, or any other deliverables by Marketing. • International project coordination and support. To include tradeshow management assistance to Europe, product launch materials, general support of International Marketing • Work with finance for audit of expenses in Marketing and Sales. Track all department expenses and maintain database for tradeshow expense tracking. Work with Conference Manager to establish accurate budget forecasts. • Distribute and log show leads and provide ROI. • Provide support of office sponsored meetings for Sales and Sales & Marketing such as, National Sales Meeting, Regional Meetings, Sales & Marketing Meetings • Perform miscellaneous requests for the Marketing Department and Conference & Sales Services Department.  Requirements: 1. Associates degree required, Bachelors degree preferred in hospitality, marketing, general business, or other related discipline 2. 3-5 years experience in tradeshow planning and execution with strong communication skills to interact effectively both verbally and in writing. 3. 2-3 yrs of high competency experience with Microsoft products including excel, access and Power Point 4. 2-3 yrs of experience within the Marketing discipline and the various tools, techniques and analytical processes 5. 2-3 years of experience in supporting the design and build of tradeshow properties and materials 6. 2-3 years experience working in relational databases. 7. 20% travel throughout the US per year required. 8. Advamed code and/or Pharma code experience strongly preferred   Thanks! Gina Shaffer    Partner, Hire Demand, LLC 20436 Rte 19, Suite 620 Cranberry Twp , PA 16066 Voice   XXX  






2-4-years-experience-needed associate-needed