A successful restaurant chain created in France is opening it's first restaurant in Los Angeles this Fall. We are looking for a CREATIVE and experienced Kitchen Manager to join our team. We are a small, casual dining restaurant serving salads, sandwiches, pasta and a variety of hot dishes. We take great pride in serving healthy, organic food make with locally supplied fresh ingredients.     *Kitchen Manager / Chef*    *Duties:*  • The immediate need will be to assist the Director in developing new healthy recipes and planning the menu  • Management and development of kitchen staff (2-3 person)  • Ensure proper staff performance  • Be the model for team and for future Franchisees  • Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed  • Ready to take the place of anyone in the kitchen  • Maintain food quality standards  • Ensures cleanliness standards  • Work with the director (franchisee / owner of the restaurant) to optimize our purchasing costs and production  • Work with the director (franchisee / owner of the restaurant) to develop and optimize our Catering Service  • Manage the purchases and stock  • Enforcement of Product data sheets   • Demonstrate rigor and creativity in the kitchen    • Assist the Director in planning and establishing employee-related policies.  • Assist the Director in planning, developing, and establishing customer service policies and objectives.    This job requires a presence with staggered hours. He or she will report directly to the director / owner of the restaurant.    *Possible evolution of the Job:*  • Director of one Restaurant  • Franchisee    *Salary:*  Annual salary DOE plus bonus    *Skills/Qualifications:*  • At least 3 years kitchen management experience is required   • Professionalism, honesty, respect for others, teamwork, involvement, speed, passion for the customer  • Product Knowledge, Quality Focus, Problem Solving, Market Knowledge, Listening, Resolving Conflict, Analyzing Information, Multi-tasking food related.  • Knowledge and experience of Catering  • Knowledge and experience of \"home made\" products  • Pastry knowledge would be a plus  • Respect of the environment       *To apply:*  • Enter job code \"PLA-01\" in the SUBJECT LINE of email  • Attach your resume in Microsoft Word or PDF format only  • Include a brief cover letter   • Include your salary expectations    We review all resumes submitted. Do not apply more than once.     






2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job salary full-time-job