*Job Description*  The Client Success Representative at Solutionreach is not your typical person in customer support. Our Reps act as an extension to our customer’s practices. They are innovative, enthusiastic, and creative problem solvers with a knack for technology. Being the recognized leader in our industry, this position will contribute to the growth of Solutionreach by interacting with medical and healthcare professionals, staff and administrators to train them on our technologies. Providing exceptional support to new clients and on-going support and training to current clients is one of our three-fold objectives as a company. This position may require travel.  *You will:* • Demonstrate comprehensive product knowledge to support our clients in personalizing our service to their individual needs • Effectively train new and current clients in the use and implementation of new and existing services • Assist in the design of our clients’ marketing strategies, electronic newsletters, and social media initiatives • Recommend additional features and services to enhance the client experience • Work equally well in self-managed and team-based projects • Show a strong willingness to help in any area and learn new things, even if it's outside the proverbial \"box\"  *Requirements*  You must: • have at least 4 years experience in a customer service role. • have strong written and verbal communication skills… (text speak doesn’t count) • be tech savvy with an understanding of how practice needs can be better supported through technology. • love working with people (especially your co-workers) • have experience using social media outlets (Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, LinkedIn, etc), Photoshop, and internet research sites. If you know Sugar CRM that’s fantastic… but not required. • have an awesome sense of humor. • mad ping-pong and foosball skills are a plus, to help us bring down the Sales and Engineering teams in a competition.  *A typical day might include:*  • speaking with someone on the east coast for one training, then the west coast for another. • utilizing your awesome design skills creating electronic newsletters for your accounts. • helping a customer upload a YouTube video and link it to their Facebook page. • several trips to the soda machine. We have an unlimited supply… for the most part. • bagels, if it’s Thursday. • team lunches to celebrate birthdays, or successes of the company. Or just because we feel like it.  *How to Apply*  Think you’ve got what it takes?  If you would like to be a part of our awesome Client Success team, click the link below!  www.example.com 






2-4-years-experience-needed