Summary Under minimum supervision, support the sales of electronic components which require professional engineering knowledge sufficient to make recommendations involving fundamental engineering principles and to persuade potential buyers of the practical value of our products.  Prepare moderately complex financial and operational estimates with the factory from blueprints, plans, or other records submitted by potential customers, and report customer practices regarding utilization of company products.  Maintain a database of all design activities.  Draw up and propose changes in equipment or use of materials which would result in cost reduction or more efficient operation.  Familiarity in the use and function of various components: microcontrollers, memory (Flash, DRAM, SRAM, etc), and optoelectronics (LEDs, Optocouplers, etc). This position will specialize in the field of Display Products which would include such products as LCD, TFT, and related products. Detailed knowledge and hands-on experience of LCD interface characteristics is a must.    Functional Requirements (Essential functions include but are not limited to . . .) The responsibilities and authorities stated below are subject to established policies. • Respond to technical inquiries from customers. • Develops technical documents to assist customers. • Assist in training Sharp's sales people and manufacturer's reps, as directed. • Attends and staffs trade shows and seminars. • Monitors product trends and makes recommendations for future products. • Troubleshoots technical problems over the phone and at the customers' facilities. * Services product demo equipment • Gathers and evaluates competitive information. • Interfaces on a technical level with our factory engineers. • Publish applications notes and/or technical articles. * Train fellow FAEs and Marketing staff in area of expertise. * Establishes an effective line of communication with manufacturers of products complementary to the Sharp component line, i.e., LCD controllers, digitizers, backlights, inverters, software, etc.  Relationship Report, on a continual basis, all activities and counsel with Field Applications Management and Regional Sales Management.  Maintain a good flow of communication with manufacturer's representatives to insure all technical questions are answered.  Develop and maintain strong technical relationships with all accounts, with special emphasis on key and target accounts.  Develop and maintain excellent working relationships with all department personnel and a continuous harmonious relationship with all SMA and SC employees.  Position Specification 1.   Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering, Computer Science or Physics.   2.   Five or more years experience in Application Engineering preferred.   3.   Demonstrated technical proficiency to communicate at an engineering level with customers and assist with the \"design in\" of various electronic components. 4.   Must be fluent in Spanish






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed