Job Summary: The OEM Sales Manager (is responsible for the management of an assigned geographic area, the sales of electronic components, the achievement of a sales quota in the assigned territory, and insuring the support staff is properly trained and functioning.    Functional Requirements: The incumbent must possess the ability to perform the following essential functions:  •  Achieve the sales quotas assigned in each fiscal period. •  Prepare a three-year sales plan for assigned customer base to include support staff. •  Train the sales force and insure equitable distribution of effort for each product area by staying informed about each product group. •  Insure visitors to customers leave with a positive feeling about SMA efforts in the U.S. •  Develop communications procedures to insure that your customer base can be supported from all levels within Sharp. •  Assure effectiveness of regional sales managers, manufacturers' representatives and distributors by proper direction and sales support of their activities. •  Develops and maintains positive interpersonal relationships through visits and other methods of communications with manufacturers' representatives, distributors and key accounts with respect to sales problem solving. •  Assure product flow, order fulfillment and commitments by communicating with respective personnel:  accounts, manufacturers' representatives, distributors, order processing, credit and administrative departments. •  Maintain marketing and product competitiveness by the continual gathering of information and the reporting of all information to management. •  Participate in trade shows and seminars as required, in addition to generating new ideas for improved programs, products, and merchandising activities. •  Help in developing and maintaining an effective field sales force.  This may include manufacturers' representative and/or distributor searches, conducting initial interviews, and sales support to appointed sales companies, the continuous review of sales activities, and recommendations for appointments or termination of all sales organizations.  Job Requirements:  1.  Minimum of four-year college degree in a technical field.   2.  Minimum of ten years experience in the electronics industry with a strong reputation in the assigned territory.   3.  Senior level customer management recommendations preferred.     To apply, please email resume to example@example.com c.com.  In the subject line, be sure to include in the following order, the HR REQ#, your name, and the job title for which you are applying Sharp is an equal opportunity employer m/f/d/v






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed