ATEC STEEL is an industry leader in the manufacturing and construction of above ground field welded tanks, ASME pressure vessels, shop built API tanks and specialty steel fabrication. Our products and services are utilized in the petroleum, petrochemical, refining, power, renewable fuels and water markets.  Baxter Springs, Kansas is our headquarters with a manufacturing facility offering precision fabrication, with in-house engineering and quality assurance.      Reports To: Fabrication Division Manager    Qualifications  • Experience- Minimum of 12 years experience in industry of fabrication to support power and energy industries, 3 years estimating experience. Educational time spent in Engineering or Engineering Technology program may account for up to half the 12 year requirement.  • Specific Experience- Candidate must have estimating experience with either ASME Pressure Vessels of API Tanks or Both.  • Education- College Degree preferred but not required if candidate has intensive industry experience. Engineering Degree a Big PLUS.  • Location- Monthly travel to Baxter Springs, Kansas Area required, full relocation not required.  • Computer Skills- Proficient in Word, Excel, and Power point.  • Demonstrated skills to estimate ASME Code vessels and shop built tanks.  Ability to estimate simple code vessels and prepare proposal in 4 hour time allotment.  • Communication- Must have excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Must communicate with   • Out of Box solutions to customer’s needs and project approach.  • Self Starter Ability to work with minimal supervision and dedication to complete task in agreed timeframe.    Job Duties   • ATEC Steel of Baxter Springs Kansas began as a Steel Tank Fabricator and Erector.  In late 2010 the decision was made to substantially grow the Fabrication division.  That division (also called OSF) for Outside Fabrication Division is primarily engaged in the sale of shop built API tanks, ASME Pressure vessels up thru 3 inches thick, and Build to Customer Print (all types of fabrication which start with plate).    •  It is possible for this estimator to work primarily from home, but must be a self-starter and must have basic know of estimating techniques.  As is any case where a person works from home extreme discipline is required to accomplish assigned tasks without distraction.  Division Manager and Estimator will agree to expectation (hour required to perform task) and Estimator will be measured against that expectation.  • Communication-Initiates and maintains liaison (communication) with clients to facilitate fabrication quotations including assessing scope of work and resources required to successfully complete estimate.  • Schedule & Budgets-Works with Fabrication Manager and Senior Project Manager to establish project objectives including but not limited to Schedule and Budgets.  • Proposal Preparation- Preparation of proposals to assure compliance with schedules, budgets, and corporate policy, including detailed review of proposal specifications, drawings and contracting.   • Coordination with other Departments- Supervises and/or monitors through estimate preparation of Engineering, Procurement, Shop Management, Quality Control, Logistics, and others, the fabrication effort to ensure estimate is as accurate as time allows.    • Communication/Correction of Problems- Investigates potentially problems involving schedule, budget or other serious situations.  After initial investigation communicate with Senior Project Manager any situation positively or adversely affecting project and review corrective measures as necessary.   • Change Orders. Monitors with Project Managers for scope changes which could result in issuance of change orders.   • Fabrication Methods:  Provides technical assistance (i.e., interpretation of drawings) and recommends fabrication methods and equipment as required during estimating phase.  • Cash Flow:  Establishes initial cash flow projections and works with Project Manager to asure neutral cash flow for the project.  • Estimate Accuracy -Profit/Loss accountability for projects estimated.   • Documentation:  Prepare all documentation associated with the project.  • Meetings:   Schedule and oversee meetings as required to communicate with other departments and company management the activities of the project. These meetings include but are not limited to Project  Kick-off meeting.  • Product Lines Assist in developing the fabrication product line and customer base.  • Subcontracting Lead decisions during estimating phase on what work is to be subcontracted.  • Procedures Develop procedures and guidelines as needed to insure the success of the OSF Division and the company.   • As Required Other specific tasks as requested by ATEC Management.  •   BENEFITS:  • 401 (K)  • Medical/Dental Insurance  • Paid time off  • Paid Holidays  • Life Insurance    For more detailed information on the positions listed above please call  XXX  






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed