EVO Solutions is looking for a dynamic Business Systems Analyst who can apply their talents to our Client's computer and telephony technology tools used to create, store, exchange, and use all forms of information. He/She will perform technical analytics related to advanced data analysis, data mining, and source to target mapping.  *RESPONSIBILITIES:* - Creates and maintains complex context process and system diagrams.   - Work with remote groups such as vendors, other company facilities, and/or departments to gather and document tactical requirements from the business. - Coordinate and communicate functional requirements of business unit and technical solutions with IT capability resources by designing and documenting advanced functional specs.   - Applies global process standards to regional technology solutions.   - Works with systems personnel to implement design. - Participates in development of project plan/timeline. - Communicates project status to mgmt and the business. - Oversees and performs complex testing activities including construction of test plans/scripts including the expected results and the validation of test results.    *REQUIRED SKILLS:* - Success in designing and facilitating requirements elicitation sessions including use of interviews, document analysis, workshops, surveys, site visits, business process outcome modeling, personas, user centric design, customer and user ethnography, task and workflow analysis. - Experience, interest and adaptability to working in a Waterfall or Lean/Agile delivery environment - Exceptional collaboration, listening, written and verbal communication skills - A consultancy approach to your work - Passion for being the liaison between the business units, technology teams and support teams. - 5 years experience of writing diagnostic SQL queries - Experience with Oracle databases preferred - PL/SQL experience is a plus - 3 years of COGNOS/Business Objects/Microstrategy report authoring - A solid understanding of data warehousing concepts - Ecommerce experience is a plus - Global  support experience is preferred  *REQUIRED EDUCATION:* - Typically requires a Bachelors Degree and minimum of 5 years directly relevant work experience   - One of the following alternatives may be accepted: PhD or Law + 3 yrs; Masters + 4 yrs; Associates degree + 6 yrs; High School + 7 yrs. - Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Business, or other relevant subject area - 5 years of professional experience in Retail IT or Retail business - 2 years of additional relevant professional experience accepted in lieu of a degree 






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed