ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:    Territory includes:  Indianapolis, Cincinnati and Dayton, OH    Fortune 500 Medical Sales company is seeking a Sales Representative who is responsible for hitting their area sales plan through soliciting orders to sell the Company’s products, representing the Company in accordance with its policies, and maintaining an awareness of local competitive conditions and a territory business plan which enables attainment of the sales plan given local market conditions.  • Attains all assigned sales quotas and operates assigned sales territory within expense budget  • Maintains and increases sales volume of assigned accounts or territories.  • Solicits orders effectively from present and prospective customers for the assigned products.  • Provides useful and practical service to customers.  • Seeks new customers effectively, and formulates and follows plans for such action as directed by the Regional Sales Manager.  • Seeks new uses and applications for Company products with present and prospective customers.  • Assists present and prospective customers in adopting Company products to their own requirements and specifications.  • Authorizes “return” goods in accordance with Company policy.  • Adjusts customer complaints in accordance with Company policy, and advises sales management promptly of any situation beyond the Sales Representative’s scope of authority.  • Complies with all Company policies, instructions, and directives for the fulfillment of Company objectives and for the maximum profitable sales.  • Maintains awareness of competitive products and marketing practices, and keeps sales management informed concerning them.  • Prepares sales audits and analyses of present and prospective customers in accordance with Company procedures and instructions.  • Assists in developing sales forecasts, territory potentials, workload analyses, call programs, and routes.  • Maintains up-to-date customer record books and other records in accordance with Company instructions.  • Prepares and submits territory business plan as required.  • Submits any special reports regarding the operation of the territory, acceptance of products, or competitive conditions.  • Recommends the addition of new products and the modification or deletion of present products to the line as appropriate.  • Attends and participates in sales meetings, training programs, conventions, and trade shows as directed.    EXPERIENCE:  • Must have three to five years successful sales experience in a medical device operating room sales capacity.    JOB QUALIFICATIONS: KNOWLEDGE, SKILL, AND ABILITY:    • Knowledge of minimally Invasive Surgery markets and products competing in these markets.  • Ability to prepare sales audits and analyses of present and prospective customers in accordance with Company procedures and instructions.  • Ability to assist in the developing of sales forecasts, territory potentials, workload analyses, call programs, and routes.  • Effective oral and written communication skills to meet sales objectives.  • Effective organizational and motivational skills necessary to perform related duties.    EDUCATION:  • Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent from an accredited university.    DISCLAIMER:  The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification.  They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of employees assigned to this position.  






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed