*POSITION* Building on our success and stellar reputation, we are looking for an experienced Solar Power Consultant (SPC) to join our team and contribute to our rapid growth in the Orange County and Los Angeles markets. This is an opportunity to join one of the largest and most successful solar integrators in the U.S. The SPC generates sales proposals and presentations to a wide array of customers.  He/she will manage sales activities to ensure a robust pipeline of prospective clients selling the unique benefits of our solar installation systems.  *RESPONSIBILITIES* • Provide in-home consultation to prospective customers • Follow-up post-installation to ensure customer satisfaction and generate referral business • Manage and develop a pipeline of contacts and opportunities within an assigned territory • Drive revenue to achieve goals • Meet deadlines under pressure and manage multiple tasks simultaneously and independently • Create professional sales proposals • Thrive in quota-driven environment • Maintain necessary reporting metrics in Salesforce.com • Perform other duties as necessary to ensure sales production quota is achieved  *QUALIFICATIONS* • Bachelor’s degree required • Minimum two years face-to-face Solar or related consumer sales experience (in-home preferred) • Strong track record of outside sales achievement as evidenced by sales awards, building a new book of business, etc. • Excellent interpersonal and communication skills • Strong presentation skills - can speak to home/business owners about the benefits of solar • Highly confident and goal oriented • Professional appearance • Energetic, positive, enthusiastic, self-directing and a team-player • Can work flexible hours including evenings and weekends • Computer savvy • Excellent deal closer • Passion for green energy – specifically solar electric system sales  *ABOUT REAL GOODS SOLAR* Real Goods was founded in 1978, and our 34 years in business is longer than the 25-year warranties offered on most solar power systems. Our expertise, professionalism and quality are unparalleled in the solar industry, and offer our customers the security to know we will be there when they need us. Real Goods Solar is a publicly traded, profitable company (NASDAQ: RSOL) with a robust balance sheet. We have a long history of consulting and working with thousands of customers, governments, educational institutions and industry leaders such as NASA, the White House and Disney.  *COMPENSATION* Industry leading compensation package and comprehensive benefits  *TO APPLY FOR THIS POSITION* Send your resume and a cover letter and include “SPC” in the subject of your email.  Applicants selected for employment will be required to undergo and pass a pre-employment drug screening test. 






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed