Planet Payment, Inc, a leading international payment and data processor, provides internationally focused banks and their merchants with innovative solutions that enable them to accept, process and reconcile payments, anytime, anywhere and in any currency.  Headquartered in New York, our global commercial centers include Atlanta, Beijing, Bermuda, Delaware, Dubai, Hong Kong, Honolulu, London, Shanghai, Singapore and Toronto.  We have an immediate need for a Jr. Windows Systems Administrator in our Long Beach, NY office.  Position Summary: The Jr. Windows Systems Administrator’s primary role is to provide First Tier windows administration and troubleshooting for laptops, desktops, servers, smartphones and printers in the office/datacenter environment.  Specific Responsibilities: • Candidates assigned to this category shall be primarily responsible for providing daily operational system administration support for servers, desktops, laptops, smartphones,  printers,  and some networking components. • First Tier administration of servers and desktops running the Windows operating systems.  • Other duties include:  configuring and troubleshooting Blackberry Enterprise Server and MS ActiveSync for Smartphones; performing WSUS updates and administration • Responsible for implementing operating system enhancements and patches that will improve reliability and performance of systems.  • The system administrator may also be assigned other responsibilities and tasks by Sr. Level staff.  Required Skills/Experience: • Associates Degree or a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or comparable education and experience. • A minimum 2 years of experience as a Windows Systems Administrator or providing Desktop/End User Support • Good to Excellent understanding of networking protocols, active directory and exchange email • Expertise with the Microsoft XP, Windows7, Windows 2003/2008 server, Microsoft Suite 2010, Exchange Server 2010, VMware and/or Microsoft Hyper-V R2, Blackberry Enterprise Server (BES) • Ability to work well as a team member in a fast-paced environment and willingness to go the extra mile; participate in an on-call rotation that provides 24x7x365 support of critical systems • Skilled in both working with little management oversight and in teams • Experience providing system administration support for servers, and storage and networking components.  • Experience with equipment staging/hardening. • Demonstrated experience with DELL equipment: laptops, PCs; printers and peripherals with the proven ability to troubleshoot and resolve all levels of hardware issues • Excellent communication skills (both verbal and written) • Attention to detail and ability to document procedures  Desired Skills/Experience: • Microsoft MCSA/MCSE/MCP;  A+ certification • Data Center Experience • Microsoft SCOM • Microsoft SharePoint 2010  Work Environment:   • Fast-paced, business casual work environment. • 24x7x365 on call environment  Please send your resume today WITH your salary requirements and the position title in subject line. Planet Payment is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity.   Planet Payment, Inc. provides equal opportunity employment without regard to an applicant’s race, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, physical or mental disability, medical condition, religion, marital or veteran status, color, ancestry, citizenship, or any other basis protected by applicable federal, state or local law.






2-4-years-experience-needed associate-needed