Planet Payment, Inc., a leading international payment and data processor, provides internationally focused banks and their merchants with innovative solutions that enable them to accept, process and reconcile payments, anytime, anywhere and in any currency.  Headquartered in New York, our global commercial centers include Atlanta, Beijing, Bermuda, Delaware, Dubai, Hong Kong, Honolulu, Ireland, London, Shanghai, Singapore and Toronto.  We have an exciting opportunity and an immediate need for a Network Engineer in our New Castle, DE office.  Position Summary:  Administer Telecom and LAN/WAN equipment globally. Assists in the administration of the day-to-day operations of the production and office networks. Manage Network Projects as assigned  Specific Responsibilities: • Perform LAN/WAN debugging. • Perform all Cisco routing configuration on all Cisco equipment. • Perform Firewall installations/configurations.  ASA, Juniper (preferably Checkpoint) • Perform F5 configuration and administration. • Work on a team. • Manage performance and maintains security of LANs at an intermediate level. • Assist in Implementation of policies and procedures for LAN/WAN usage throughout the organization. • Act as primary organizational interface with vendor and provides internal analysis and support. • Upgrade and maintain Cisco equipment across our LAN/WAN environment. • Monitor all communication equipment in support of new product / process implementations. • Documents all changes, upgrades, maintenance, procedures, etc. using the new document infrastructure. • LAN/WAN traffic analysis and monthly performance reports of all network segments. Also recommends use of new products and services to senior management. • Responsible for all remote user and router account terminations (passwords, etc.) when needed. • Diagnoses and repairs problems, investigates system errors, and ensures user accessibility.  Required Skills/Experience: • 3+ years experience with Cisco routers and switches. CCNA, CCNP, CCSP, or CCVP is preferred • 3+ years of experience in the design, implementation, support, and management of complex LAN/WAN environments.   • 2+ years experience with firewall administration-preferably CheckPoint • 2+ years experience with Load Balancers (preferably F5) • Solid understanding of routing and TCP/IP, EIGRP, OSPF, ISDN, Frame-relay, DS-x • Solid understanding of switching protocols, VTP, Spanning Tree, Port Security, QoS • Experience with network traffic analysis and protocol analyzers (ethereal, Wire Shark, Network General Sniffer, tcpdump, etc.) • Troubleshooting and problem resolution skills.   • Knowledge of network maintenance processes and formal change management procedures. • Able to function independently and in a team environment with minimal supervision. • Knowledge of structured cabling principles and general datacenter operations. • Strong oral and written communication skills as well as the ability to explain highly technical concepts to a non-technical audience. • Familiar with network security principles, tools, and best practices. • Experience with data security audits and processes a definite plus. • Experience in high volume, 24 x 7 production environments is a definite plus.   EDUCATION:  Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology, Computer Science or Engineering, or Equivalent work experience.  WORK ENVIRONMENT:  This position requires carrying a pager type equipment and will be on call 24 x 7 for production issues.  Please send your resume today WITH salary requirements for immediate attention.  Planet Payment is not accepting unsolicited assistance from search firms for this employment opportunity. EOE.






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed