Sales Professionals,    When was the last time your Government did something for your business?     Here at the The Platinum Group, we are asking business owners just that. And, we can’t keep up with the demand from this sales initiative. It is truly a game changer! Because of this we need more sales professionals and/or marketing professionals to help carry this message nationwide over the next 5 to 10 years and help educate their local business community on this newly signed law by President Obama that goes into effect October 1st, 2011.     At that time, HR Bill 4173 as amended by our US Congress, and called the Durbin Amendment after Senator Durbin, will go live and affect every business owner in America. Over $1.4 Trillion is spent every year on Visa and Master Card Check Cards swiped through cash registers. This bill takes the costs of those transactions to business owners and lowers them from 40 to 54% on average. There is nothing a business owner has to do to claim these lowered fees except for signing up with one of our Certified Durbin Specialists to claim them each and every month. There are billions up for immediate claim, with an average of $2,000 a year per small business owner.  This money will go unclaimed unless we can hire enough professionals to educate the public on this in their respective communities.     Our “Certified Durbin Specialists” will be trained on this Congressional Amendment and its effects on business owner’s bottom line as well as instructions on how to claim that money. Our corporate will do all the proposals and estimations for your clients on a daily basis. There is NO cost for your clients to be a part of this transfer of wealth from US Banks back to their pockets. And, there is no cost to you to represent and market our business model. This will truly be an honest way to make a great living while helping others in your community.     This is a unique time within one of the most competitive, yet lucrative industries to build a career. We have not seen an opportunity like this in over two decades and won’t see another one like this ever. This is truly a “Right Place, Right Time” opportunity for the Best of the Best to join us and build out a portfolio for themselves to enjoy for years to come. For hard working Sales Pros, this will be your last stop.    We are looking for:    - Highly qualified outside sales professionals  - Highly motivated and experienced marketers   - Road warriors or aggressive sales presenters   - Well connected sales professionals in their communities  - Sales professionals who have called on restaurants and or retail   - Sales professionals used to making large incomes and bonuses   - The Best of the Best that are Entrepreneurial  and Hungry to build  -   We pay lucrative, daily signing bonuses for every client as well as residual income for the life of the client. You can also learn how to earn equity in each client as a minority owner of that accounts profit.  NO other sales job in America today offers the kind of wealth you will find in this position.     View a short presentation with voice over from our Chief Sales Officer at   www.example.com   by clicking on the button to download our 17 minute due diligence package on this position. A small reminder that the presentation at this time does not address the above amendment and its affect on your income to skyrocket since the Bill was just signed into law very recently.     Please submit your resume via this job board and we will schedule an interview at the earliest convenience.  






