Ascent Solar Technologies (www.example.com) headquartered in Thornton, CO is a developer and manufacturer of state of the art, thin-film flexible photovoltaic materials and modules. We are looking for an experienced and highly motivated Marketing Director to lead all marketing programs and activities. Ascent Solar provides thin, flexible and tough solar solutions to a wide variety of end users in commercial, aerospace and consumer markets. Our EnerPlex products include solar and battery powered mobile phone cases, as well as outdoor solar chargers. More information can be found at www.example.com.   We need an experienced, passionate Marketing Director with a proven record of developing and leading all marketing activities and building a team.   Essential Job Functions • Develop overall marketing programs, strategies and manage the marketing budget to advance the Company’s position in the marketplace, with particular emphasis on its EnerPlex brand of personal & portable solar products  • Management of the overall marketing mix, including but not limited to sales material, event marketing, web development and promotional marketing programs • Create and manage a consistent brand image for Ascent Solar and the EnerPlex brand  • Handle marketing communications including press releases and internal communications • Handle all inbound and outbound marketing activities • Manage all outside agencies, advertising and public relations firms, if applicable  • Develop and manage a rich set of marketing assets (collateral, images, video, web, etc.) • Ensure the Ascent Solar and EnerPlex websites are continually updated and optimized for search engines  • Plan and manage our trade show presence • Leverage our CRM system (Salesforce.com) to robustly support customer communications, training and connectivity to our websites to capture leads and opportunity information  • Build and manage a marketing staff of at least two   Minimum Requirements • Bachelor's Degree required; marketing, business administration or related field preferred • 7+ years Marketing leadership experience, particularly in consumer electronics, outdoor retail,  or telecommunications • Comfortable marketing solar, battery or  electronics based products • Ability to understand the competition and articulate our unique selling position and value • Self-motivated with desire to take on new challenges • Strong written and verbal presentation/communication skills with the ability to convey complex information simply and clearly to senior business leaders • Exceptional communication skills and ability to build and sustain strategic customer relationships • Demonstrated ability to self-direct, analyze, evaluate and form independent judgments • Meticulous attention to detail and strong organizational skills • Demonstrated ability to work effectively with all levels of an organization • Ability to work in ambiguity and within a highly changing environment • Start-up experience is preferred • Willingness to travel up to 10% of the time.   If you are interested in this opportunity, please send your resume along with a letter of interest including salary requirements.  Be sure to type “Marketing Director” in the subject line. We offer a dynamic team-oriented work environment with a competitive benefits package including medical, dental, vision, life, STD, LTD and a generous 401(k) match.  Ascent Solar is an Equal Opportunity Employer.






supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed