Who We Need:  Right now, we’re looking for a Finance Database Developer.  You will be working with our Finance department to create new reports, analyze sales data, and interface with our partners to exchange data.    Responsibilities:    - Write, debug, and optimize complex queries and stored procedures in SQL   - Verify the accuracy of reports  - Ensure security and integrity of transactional data  - Create, maintain, and optimize appropriately normalized and denormalized data structures  - Rearchitect system as appropriate for speed and maintainability  - Design and write ETL processes for data from many disparate sources  - Work in a collaborative team environment    Qualifications:    - 4 years of experience building and maintaining business-critical production databases  - Ability to deal with large, complex data sets  - Expert programming skills in SQL  - Experience with financial data systems preferred  - Excellent verbal and written communication skills  - Experience developing applications using Microsoft Access a plus  - Experience with Great Plains a plus  - Experience with other programming languages a plus (VB/VBA, Python, Java, C++, etc.)  - Passionate about data and a desire for continuous education  - BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience    We believe that great people deserve great benefits.  So we offer a highly competitive salary and a wealth of amazing benefits  - including company equity, 100% paid family medical, dental, vision, and a healthy 401k.  We’ll also throw in gym memberships, 12 holidays, career training, 3 weeks PTO and much more.     A Word About Our Culture. TRUECar is guided by world-class leadership who believes in providing you with the best.  We like to have fun while we’re changing the auto industry, and we utilize the latest web technologies to solve challenging problems, create innovative web applications from the ground up, and provide an outrageously good Web experience for our customers.  Invention and open collaboration are highly valued, and we encourage ‘Green Field’ thinking to continually push great ideas across the entire organization. If this sounds like the kind of place where you want to spend your valued time, then check us out at truecar.com. We want to hear from you.       Make the Connection.  Send us your resume, cover letter, and links to some of your latest projects, and we’ll be in touch.    






salary 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed