Mission Healthcare prides itself on being an employer of choice, and was selected as one of the national best and brightest companies to work for in 2012 by the National Association of Business Resources! We offer excellent benefits, 401k, mileage reimbursement, competitive salaries, and much more. With 400+ employee's and growing, we are actively seeking an experienced Full-Time IT Support Tech for a 3 month temporary contract to hire position.  Full-Time IT Support Tech  RESPONSIBILITIES: Analyze, troubleshoot, repair, maintain and install systems such as computer hardware and peripherals windows systems, telephones, printers, faxes, and other office equipment; be a member of  internal Helpdesk team, Install computer and phone lines; configure network switches, routers, firewalls, and other duties as directed by the manager.   REQUIREMENTS / QUALIFICATIONS:  • Able to multi-task and prioritize multiple projects.  • Good interpersonal skills and organizational skills.  • Must be dependable and able to meet deadlines consistently. • Should have the ability to work under pressure, be flexible and able to adapt to a changing environment.  • Troubleshooting and problem solving experience are required.  • Excellent communication skills are a plus. • Knowledge of Windows O/S, and IPhones • Must be able to lift up to 50 pounds. • Virus/ Spyware scanning, removal and related activities • Organized, professional, articulate, patient, able to work under high stress, thick skin, self motivated, eager to learn, punctual and dependable. • Networking and related knowledge is helpful. • Working knowledge of digital telecommunication systems and installation of cat3 -- cat6, WiFi systems is a plus. • Maintain confidentiality of sensitive information, and knowledge of HIPAA compliance • AS degree earned required, BS degree near completion is desired, previous 1 to 3 years helpdesk experience a huge plus.  This is a 3 month temporary contract to hire position.   Please visit our website at www.example.com to apply, and send a copy of your resume to example@example.com 






full-time-job associate-needed 1-year-experience-needed