VND is looking for a cross platform web developer responsible for developing innovative, reusable web-based tools for progressive online applications built to run in Linux as well as Windows servers. Programming, some graphic design and database administration are all elements of this position.     Responsibilities:  • Work closely with project manager, upper management and other members of the development team to both develop detailed specification documents with clear project deliverables and timelines, and to ensure timely completion of deliverables.   • Produce project estimates during sales process, total number of development hours required, when necessary or assign a developer for such task.  • Attend client meetings during the sales process and during development.   • Determine appropriate architecture, and other technical solutions, and make relevant recommendations to clients.   • Communicate to the project manager with efficiency and accuracy any progress and/or delays.   • Alert colleagues to emerging technologies or applications and the opportunities to integrate them into operations and activities.   • Develop innovative, reusable Web-based tools to be used as components for future applications.  • Assist in executing quality control of programming by assigning tasks to the programming team and/or QC lead.  • Assist in the resolution of support programming tickets (or delegate the tasks)   • Assist sales team to revise quotes for programming projects and new products (or delegate tasks)  • Add and assign tasks to programming team using report system.  • Assist programming team to finish tasks as required by deadlines.  • Assist programming team on tasks by clarifying any questions/concerns they have in order to complete the task.     • Assist in creating any reports requested by Project Manager or Management.   • Communicate closely with your team to increase morale and keep motivation up. This includes leading team building exercises, brainstorming sessions, and addressing any concerns of your team. You will be considered the spokesperson of the development team. You will need to be comfortable collaborating with Management to solve problems that arise.   • Any other task assigned by Project Manager or Management team to help the company as a whole, get projects out on time, etc.     Required Skills:  • BS in computer science or a related field, or significant equivalent experience  • 3 years minimum experience with HTML/XHTML, CSS and XML   • 4 years minimum web programming experience in PHP, ASP (Classic and .NET) and JavaScript. Other languages are not required but would prefer some exposure to: Flash Action Script 2.0 and 3.0 as well as Coldfusion  • 4 year minimum experience working with relational database systems (MySQL and MSSQL Server preferred). Applicant must have a good working knowledge of SQL as well as be familiar with stored procedures, triggers, using query analyzer and knowledge of performance tuning of database systems.   • Development experience using Dreamweaver, Visual Studio and VB6. Other environments we prefer exposure to but not necessarily require include Xcode, Flash, Adobe Flex  • Technologies and platforms: web services, jQuery, Authorize.net CIM, Paypal Pro, phpMyAdmin, SQLYog, Magento, Wordpress, Drupal and Joomla  • Server technologies: Windows 2003-2008 server, Cpanel, CENTOS 5, IIS 6.0-7.0 (light management), Apache, Flash Media Server (not required), Coldfusion (not required)  • Self-starter with strong self-management skills   • Ability to organize and manage multiple tasks and priorities  






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed