A. O. Smith Corporation is a global leader applying innovative technology and energy-efficient solutions to products marketed worldwide. We are one of the world's leading manufacturers of residential and commercial water heating equipment, offering a comprehensive product line featuring the best-known brands in North America and China.     Our Ashland City plant, built in 1961, with 1000 employees and approximately $350 million in sales a year, is the largest water heater factory in the world. We believe in taking care of our customers, which is why A. O. Smith enjoys an outstanding reputation for excellence in all of the markets we serve. To remain a leader, we need innovative, enthusiastic men and women who can support our global growth strategy.     We are currently seeking an INDUSTRIAL ELECTRONICS TECHICIAN with the following qualifications:     The ability to troubleshoot and repair electrical/electronic components on industrial equipment plant wide. Perform electrical tasks on all equipment and repair equipment breakdowns in a timely manner. Perform other duties as assigned by supervisor.    Must have:  •Knowledge of machine functions, equipment safety hazards, power source, stored energy,      pinch points, etc.  •Ability to operate general power tools and shop equipment in a safe manner.  •Must be Proficient in connecting to, communicating with and general use of various PLC    platforms.  •Excellent understanding of machine function logic and ability to troubleshoot various PLC type    programming.  •In-depth understanding of control circuitry on all levels, such as burner controls, VFD’s and DC     drives.  •Must have the Ability to read and troubleshoot with the use of electrical drawings and    schematics.  •Ability to comprehend materials such as equipment manuals, work order, general work    instructions.  •Must have previous Industrial electrical knowledge.  •Minimum five years experience in an industrial or similar environment.  •High School Diploma or GED.  •Special course in electronics.    Physical Requirements    •Employee must be able to stand for long periods of time.  •Must be able to climb steps and ladders.  •Must be able to lift up to 50 lbs. on a regular basis.  •Must be able to bend and/or stoop while performing tasks.  






