SUMMARY  The Lending Systems Support Specialist works closely with the Lending Systems and Business Analyst (BA) and other members of the Lending group to support day-to-day activities such as research and resolve issues with all lending software applications, and report generations. The Support Specialist is a designated system administrator for all lending software applications. The Support Specialist is also member of the Lending Department Project Team. As a member of the project team, the Support Specialist will assist in the analysis, design, and implementation of software applications. A System Support Specialist is expected to have good overall knowledge of all phases of lending operations and to remain current with emerging technologies and issues relating to lending environment at SFCU.    ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  System Management  • Understands and coordinates the require updates, patches, software releases for all lending applications such as Mortgage Bot, SAIL, E3, LaserPro, GreatDocs, Akcelerant, Interlinq Loan Servicing, and other applications as applicable.    • Communicate changes, enhancements, and modifications of business requirements to project managers, sponsors, and other stakeholders.    • Act as back-up administrator for lending software applications.    • Assist in the reviewing and designing of workflows.    • Diagnose, research, and resolve technical system emergencies.    • Liaise with vendor representatives when resolving application problems.    • Execute test plans accurately and efficiently.    • Assemble and documents all test results.    • Retest as necessary.    Business Analyst and Reporting  • Prepare routine management and adhoc reports as required such as the daily Real Estate loan pipeline report, the weekly loan portfolio balance, and the monthly Watch-list report. Other reports management reports include the monthly Real Estate and Consumer Loans reports, IAR reports, Loan Concentration report, Delinquency report etc…    • Prepare compliance reports for the Lending group such as HMDA, Capital at Risk, and the NCUA 5300 Report.    • Download loan data files from 3rd-party loan servicing vendors such as SST, Nelnet, Community South Bank, and others as required.    • Create loan data extracts to upload to 3rd-party vendors such as Allied Solutions and FDI.    • Assist in analyzing the lending activities and trends and compares analyses against the service standards and best practices. Compile findings and work with the Lending management team and other personnel to identify and implement strategies that will address tactical and strategic goals.    • Work closely with the Lending management team and business partners to identify and maximize the use of information and technology to improve products, services and/or program business processes.    • Project Execution    • Understand project plans and is able to clearly articulate roles, project goals, and timelines.    • Maintain project schedules by developing project plans and specifications, estimating time requirements, establishing deadlines, monitoring milestone completion, tracking all phases of the project product/service lifecycle, providing timely reporting of issues that impact project progress, coordinating actions, and resolving conflicts. This includes documenting, prioritizing and tracking requests (changes, enhancements, etc.) on SFCU’s internal online D-Map, “Connections”.    • Take input from supervisor and appropriately and accurately applies comments/feedback.    • Adhere to project standards defined by project management.    • Carry out project support /administrative functions. • Collect, analyze and store information, as well as help plan, design, program, test and implement projects    • Establish responsible deadlines and personal work plans and manage time effectively.    • Other Duties    • Complete required annual training on Bank Secrecy Act (BSA), Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC), Security Awareness, Privacy Policy, and other trainings required for the position.    • Promote “SFCU’s Core Values” and team building.    • Perform other duties as assigned.    BEHAVIOR STANDARD  Maintains a positive work atmosphere by acting and communicating in a manner so that the employee gets along with members, vendors, co-workers, and management.    SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES  This job has no supervisory responsibilities.    QUALIFICATIONS  To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.    EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE  Associate’s degree (A. A.) or equivalent from two-year college or technical school; or 2-3 years related experience and/or training in residential and consumer lending; or equivalent combination of education and experience. Additionally, a qualified candidate will have:    • Demonstrated overall knowledge of business requirements in a Lending Operation.    • Demonstrated project management skills including planning, organizing, and managing resources.    • Knowledge in database and SQL scripts.    LANGUAGE SKILLS  Ability to read, analyzes, and interprets general business periodicals, professional journals, technical procedures, or governmental regulations. Ability to write reports, business correspondence, and procedure manuals. Ability to effectively present information and respond to questions from groups of managers, clients, customers, and the general public as required.    MATHEMATICAL SKILLS  Ability to calculate figures and amounts such as discounts, interest, commissions, proportions, percentages, area, circumference, and volume.    REASONING ABILITY  Demonstrate the ability to solve practical problems and deal with a variety of concrete variables in situations where only limited standardization exists. Ability to interpret a variety of instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram, or schedule form.    OTHER SKILLS  Must have personal computer skills and a solid familiarity with Microsoft Office products  






2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job associate-needed