Cumulus Cedar Rapids is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer and equal opportunity is afforded to all qualified persons.  No person is discriminated against in employment because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age or disability.    Cumulus Cedar Rapids radio group is currently recruiting for a dynamic sales representative.  Our stations include KDAT 104.5 Today’s Soft Rock, KHAK 98.1 Today’s Best Country, KRNA 94.1 Eastern Iowa’s Real Rock and KRQN i107.1, All the Hits.    Job Description:  Cumulus Cedar Rapids is looking for exceptional candidates to help drive our local media sales efforts.  We provide our teams with great products to sell, superior training, tools, and a sales management system that supports business development and rewards performance.  Our sales people make things happen, they don’t sit around waiting for the phone to ring.  We target thousands of local companies with a highly tuned business-category focus and we introduce these companies to the power of radio.    Responsibilities include:  Prospecting/cold calling, setting appointments with prospects, creative client presentations, and achieving a sales quota.  Because Cumulus has a systems approach to sales, you must have a deep appreciation for process, performance measurement, employee development, and a results-oriented sales approach.    Job Requirements:  • New business to business sales experience preferred with recognition as top-performer  • Minimum of 1 year outside sales experience required; 2 or more years preferred with ability  to penetrate new business categories  • Strong understanding of lead generation  • Ability to cultivate long standing client relationships  • Media sales background preferred, not required  • Knowledgeable in Microsoft Office applications including Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint  • Bachelors degree preferred    Benefits include:  • Competitive Pay  • Medical Dental, and Vision insurance package  • Paid Vacation and Holidays  • Career Advancement Opportunities    Information on Cumulus Cedar Rapids is available at www.example.com    CUMULUS BROADCASTING, INC. IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER AND MAINTAINS A DRUG FREE ENVIRONMENT.






1-year-experience-needed bs-degree-needed