Director of Rehab Therapy - Geropsych Recreation/Expressive Arts Therapy/Psychosocial Rehab  Hayward, CA  To learn more and to apply, please visit www.example.com, job code: 2009014   Founded in 1965 Telecare is a rapidly growing mental health care company dedicated to making a difference for our Clients, the community, and our employees. We offer an array of mental health services to individuals with serious mental illness.   We partner with public sector entities and behavioral health organizations, and have over 65 programs with over 2000 employees across the country. And we're growing all the time! When you work at Telecare, you help to empower thousands of individuals every day in their journeys of recovery.  Telecare Corporation has been voted, by employees, as one of the San Francisco Bay Areas Top 100 Best Places to Work for the past four years.  Part of the Telecare Family, Morton Bakar Center is a licensed, 97-bed skilled nursing facility dedicated to providing optimum care for older adults with a primary major mental illness. Under the direction of a multidisciplinary team, clients receive diagnostic evaluation and treatment to address their psychiatric and medical needs.  Utilize your strong management and supervisory skills as you plan, develop, coordinate and supervise the therapeutic activity program that focuses on the development and maintenance of community living skills. You will manage the day-to-day operations of the Rehab Department and will be responsible for both administrative and clinical issues: coordination of staff and program schedules, provide supervision to Rehab staff and collaborate with other departments to ensure a comprehensive and effective treatment program.   To qualify, you must have a passion for caring for consumers of mental health, strong clinical reasoning processes, proven leadership abilities and demonstrable commitment to recovery. In addition you must have two (2) years experience working in the Rehabilitation field with mentally ill clients, and one year of supervisory experience. Some experience working in an inpatient mental health facility as well as with Geriatrics with mental health issues is strongly preferred. A B.S. or B.A. degree in Occupational, Recreational, Drama, Music, Dance or Art Therapy, or Vocational Counseling is required -- an M.S or M.A is preferred. Credentialing appropriate to the educational background is also desired. Knowledge of recovery philosophy and psychiatric rehabilitation is important, as well as the ability to systematize procedures, and monitor a budget. Ability to develop the confidence of staff, clients and the public is crucial.  To learn more and to apply, please visit www.example.com, job code: 2009014  EOE M/F/V/D






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed