Pierce Washington (www.example.com) is accepting applications for a Senior Implementation Engineer for our Chicago office. We are an eBusiness consulting firm, with offices in San Francisco and Chicago.    Role: We are looking for an experienced eCommerce Implementation Senior Engineer for a fulltime position in our Chicago office. Under general direction from one of our Application Architects, this individual will work closely with fellow team members to rapidly build and deploy large online ecommerce solutions. For small projects, this individual must be comfortable managing the majority of the project through its lifecycle. Strong analytic skills and an understanding of programming concepts are required so that individual can translate customer requirements into system specifications, configure system solutions to meet business requirements, execute unit testing, and document the solution for training and customer support. Along the way, this individual will develop stronger systems implementation, communication, and leadership skills. This position offers competitive compensation and benefits.  Individual may be required to travel up to 20%.  Experience: Bachelor or Master’s Degree in computer science, engineering, or mathematics from a reputable four‐year university.  Minimum of two years of related experience required; excellent computer software skills; excellent written and verbal communication skills. Quote to Cash business process understanding and SalesForce.com knowledge a plus.  Key responsibilities include: •Manage complex, web‐based technology projects through all phases of the project life-cycle, from project definition through implementation. •Configure and script software application based on design requirements. •Work closely with project manager to proactively identify potential issues and risks. •Assist with the functional documentation of customer business requirements. •Works with clients directly on small to medium sized projects. •Translate business requirements into a technical solution.  Required Skills: •Contribute as a key member of project teams implementing complex, web‐based technology system solutions. •Assist in the technical design, development, and unit testing of ecommerce and CPQ solutions using the latest technologies. •Configure and script software application based on design requirements. •Works with clients directly on small to medium sized projects to understand and implement requirements •Work closely with project manager to proactively identify potential issues and risks. •Assist with translation of customer business requirements into a technical solution •Translate business requirements into a technical solution.  To apply, please submit your resume with a cover letter and salary requirements.  






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job