*Company:* Pierce Washington (www.example.com) is a full service eBusiness consulting firm, with offices in San Francisco and Chicago.    *Role:* We are seeking a Junior Implementation Engineer for a full time position in our San Francisco office.  Under the general direction of one of our senior consultants, this individual will work collaboratively with other team members to rapidly build and deploy innovative online eCommerce solutions using the latest web technologies.  This includes translating requirements into system specifications, configuring system solutions to meet business requirements, executing unit testing, and documenting the solution for training and customer support.  Strong analytic skills and an understanding of basic programming concepts are required so that the individual can configure high quality solutions that meet defined functional requirements.  Pierce Washington offers opportunities for long-term career growth to successful Implementation Engineers who aspire to deeper technical, project management or other leadership roles in the company.  This position offers competitive compensation and benefits.  Individual must be able to travel minimally.  *Experience:* Bachelor or Master’s Degree in computer science, engineering, or mathematics from a reputable four-year university.  Two years of related experience preferred; excellent computer software skills; excellent written and verbal communication skills.  Previous consulting experience is a plus.  *Key responsibilities include:* * Configure and script software application based on design requirements. * Work closely with project manager to proactively identify potential issues and risks. * Assist with the functional documentation of customer business requirements. * Translate business requirements into a technical solution.  *Required Skills:* * Strong critical thinking, problem solving and analytical skills. * Strong verbal and written communication skills. * Understanding of systems development life cycle. * Detail oriented with strong organizational skills. * A track record of outstanding performance. * Eagerness to contribute in a team-oriented environment. * Experience and comfort with the following technologies:  HTML, XML, Java, JavaScript, Python, XSLT, XPATH, CSS stylesheet, jQuery, and SOAP. * Quick learner and able to learn new technologies and web programming languages on own as necessary. * Ability to meet client travel requirements.  *To Apply: * _Please send your resume with cover letter, references and salary requirements._






bs-degree-needed full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed