General Overview:     Provide responsible telecom services and customer service support to the telecommunications and call center areas.   Responsibilities   • Must have contacts with phone companies, knows how to follow up, ensures transfers and cutoffs are successful and timely. • Interface with Partners clients to resolve service/billing problems and/or discrepancies  • Determine customer paging requirements and arrange for the procurement of services to meet the clients’ needs (i.e. various types of paging equipment)  • Test pagers before distribution  • Distribution of telephone authorization cards and telephone calling cards to staff. • Responsible for ensuring all authorization cards are programmed into the telephone switch. • Coordinate the return of broken pagers with vendors to ensure that billing is correct. • Assign new pagers to staff as needed.  • Monitor Partners paging system and phone system for errors and contact appropriate vendor or internal paging person on-call to determine the problem  • Mentor co-workers in the process of: daily pager transactions, the process that is used to run monthly pager bill, and distribution of telephone authorization cards  • Assist in taking calls as needed. • Serves as a backup to Supervisor and other staff.  • Maintain the project database/spreadsheet with accurate data. • Work with field technicians to trouble shoot installation problems/issues by telephone calls. • Track circuit installations, equipment deliveries, and equipment installation by telephone calls and/or email. • Process inside wiring requests and track to completion. • Work with installation technicians to convert stores to new communications and network addresses. • Assist in application level testing to insure applications function as expected in the store. • Update database with store sign-off, circuit information, phone numbers (DSL) and ping times. • Assist on-site tech with documented procedures. • Assist in validating alarm line and store information into departmental databases/ spreadsheets. • Validate and support stores in testing back-up data/ phone circuits. • Review and remove unused phone lines in stores. • Basic office wiring (Voice and Data). • Basic Troubleshoot WAN issues - Circuits, routers, wiring, IP Addresses.  • Basic Troubleshoot LAN issues - with applications, printers, hubs, wiring. • Assist in Data Center equipment moves, installs and cabling. • Update site and network drawing using Visio and or AutoCAD. • Track deployment of software updates to store communication equipment to support preparation to holiday season.   Qualifications:  • Bachelor Degree from a 4 Year University or College with at least 3 years of experience. • Ability to communicate well with others (Previous customer service work a must)  • Medical Terminology would be helpful but not necessary  • Ability to work in a fast-paced environment is essential  • Multi-tasking skills a must  • Excellent organizational skills  • Knowledge of Windows applications such as Excel, Word, Access, necessary  • Excellent grammar and spelling skills  • Must be able to read, write and speak English fluently;   






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed