FANTASTIC CAREER OPPORTUNITY!    Market Tech Media holds a contract with Harris Teeter, Food Lion, Ingles, Bi-Lo, Harvey's and Sweet Bay grocery stores.     We are able to feature local companies to the local grocery store shopper. We offer message placement, and coupon distribution in the most prominent position in the grocery store, directly on the register receipts.  www.example.com   This Territory’s earning potential is $105,000. The approximate first year earnings are $65,000.     We are looking for ONE special person.  Are you:   1. Comfortable with full commission compensation under the following conditions:  A. Once you prove that you are able to do the job; you receive a protected territory with established customers that you inherit.  B. You are offering a valued product at a fair price.  C. The financial reward is commensurate with the risk and effort associated with results based compensation.  D. You are fully trained in a proven sales process that is currently utilized by a regional team of successful peers.  E. Your productively working in an environment of support and encouragement.    2. Do you have the following personal and professional qualifications (Your time is precious, so let's be accurately self-critical):  A. Proven experience in B2B sales.  B. The motivation to make dozens of cold calls UNSUPERVISED using the telephone.  C. The courage to execute a one call close business model.  D. The appearance, vocabulary and professionalism required to deliver a compelling in-person presentation  E. The temporary financial stability that would enable you to spend 2-3 weeks learning a new career.  F. Current stability of reliable car, computer and phone.  G. Have defeated or avoided the vices and trapping that sabotage success.  If you could potentially agree with the above terms, and meet the requirements, (you may want to carefully reread #2: A-G) you are the needle in the haystack I’m looking for. It would be a pleasure to get a letter or resume from you.   Most Sincerely,  Paul  D. Paul Mason  Regional Vice President    






