Position Summary:   The role of the Customer Service Representative III is to plan, execute and undertake projects / activities that provide exceptional service to both internal and external customers.  This includes acquiring resources and coordinating the efforts of team members, customers and other parties to meet and exceed customer expectations on projects and production goals. Coordinates all activities related to the general management the assigned accounts by performing the following duties without supervision:   Essential Functions and Basic Duties:  Follow all employee guidelines and Quality Systems Regulations (QSR's) as defined by CEA's practices, policies and Standard Operating Procedures (SOP's) to insure that customer requirements and FDA (or equivalent) regulations are met.   Communicate effectively and professionally with internal and external customers.  Performs Project Management Activities.  Complete RFQ process as defined by SOP 031.  Track and follow up on all quotes using the RFQ log.  Complete Customer Order Entry process as defined by SOP 031-1.  Uses various customer systems to process order request.  Track all open orders and report any updates or challenges to the customer.  Facilitate customer change requests.  Receive and processes customer complaints and RMA’s.  Support the Sales department in developing new opportunities at new and existing accounts.  Maintain thorough knowledge of customer's business and status of our relationships with the customer.  Compiles statistics and prepares various reports for management.  Plans, schedules, facilitate and take notes for customer visits.  Assist with catering for customer visits.  Provide Customer Service support to Project Management.  Use ACT to record correspondence with customers.   Skills / Abilities:   Successfully uses multitasking skills and has the ability to communicate with a variety in individuals both internally and externally.   Ability to proficiently use MS Word, MS Excel, MS outlook, MS Power point, MS Access   Ability to display proficiency in the use of Visual ERP software  Ability to finish quotes with a high degree of Completeness and Accuracy  Ability to perform daily duties with very limited involvement from the Supervisor.   Possess a solid understanding of the company’s reporting needs and has the ability to provide complete  and accurate reports  Display a willingness to provide assistance and guidance to co-workers by possessing a solid understanding of all Essential Duties and Responsibilities.   Persuasive, encouraging and motivating.  Ability to elicit cooperation from a wide variety of sources including upper management, departments and other departments.  Ability to defuse tension among project teams and regain focus.  Strong interpersonal skills  Adept at conducting research into project / financial related issues.  Must be able to learn, understand and apply new-technologies.  Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks.   Experience at working both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment is essential.  Can conform to shifting priorities, demands and timelines through analytical and problem solving capabilities.  Flexible during times of change.  The ability to communicate with team members, customers and vendors across a broad spectrum of disciplines.  






