Mortgage Advisory Group, a highly successful, full circle mortgage broker and banker leader in the Pacific Northwest, is seeking a highly motivated, top quality candidate for the position of Mortgage Advisor Assistant. The position is available in Bellevue, WA.  We are looking for a multi-skilled candidate who will assist a Mortgage Advisor in all aspects of loan origination including; initial client contact, loan application, processing, closing and post marketing. Provide administrative assistance, manage client database, marketing initiatives, and assist the MA as a liaison between their clients, real estate agents, team members, and affiliate partners.     The duties of the position may include, but are not limited to, the following: • Provide excellent customer service to MA’s clients, real estate agents, and anyone involved with the file. • Administrative duties to include but not limited to: answering phones, taking messages, managing calendars including, setting and sending daily/weekly/monthly task lists, and maintaining Outlook contact list. • Manage marketing campaigns for borrowers and/or real estate agents. Submit finance flyers, post cards and other marketing pieces for compliance approval. • Maintain MA’s data base; keeping addresses current, managing birthdays, anniversaries, etc. • Send thank you notes and/or correspondence from MA to Borrowers/Agents/Escrow/Title as MA requests. • Communicate with real estate agents regarding client status updates and new business prospects. • Enter loan applications in Encompass loan origination software. Run necessary automated findings, credit reports, assist with sending disclosures and request additional items that may be required for processing the file. • Mail disclosures, credit package, HUD or ARM booklets, etc. to borrower as required. • Monitor the file flow. Anticipate additional conditions that may be required and request any necessary information from the borrower. Provide addition file information to the loan processor. Monitor locks, expiration dates and maintain file compliance at all times. • Meet with clients to obtain signatures and/or gather required paperwork. • Perform other duties as assigned.  Qualified candidates MUST have the following: • High School Diploma or GED • A minimum of three (3) years experience in mortgage, finance, real estate, or related industry of which one year must be in the mortgage banking • Strong level of understanding of RESPA and TILA Requirements • Entry to intermediate level of processing knowledge • Good general knowledge of Conventional/FHA/VA/USDA/HOUSE KEY loan programs and guidelines • Familiarization with various AUS systems • Experienced with loan origination software, Encompass preferred • Intermediate Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Adobe Acrobat and Outlook skills General knowledge of office machines for copying/scanning/archiving/faxing,10-key and phone systems • Detail oriented and organized with the ability to multi-task and prioritize work • Excellent ability to work in a high stress environment, work quickly with accuracy and meet deadlines while providing excellent customer service with poise and efficiency • Ability to work overtime as needed • Excellent written and verbal communication skills   Desired: • Current experience as an Assistant Mortgage Advisor or Loan Processor in mortgage banking • Experience with Encompass • Knowledge of HMDA, RESPA, TILA and other mortgage related laws and regulations • Leadership skills Additional Information   Mortgage Advisory Group offers an excellent benefits package, containing: • Medical, Vision and Dental insurance  • Life insurance • 401K Plan • AFLAC benefits available • Pre-paid Legal Insurance available • Monthly company lunch • Partnership discounts • Additional benefits to recognize a job well done  The position is full-time, Monday through Friday.  For your experience to be considered, please submit a resume in Word or PDF format through the company website at www.example.com.  No phone calls/faxes/walk ins please.  Mortgage Advisory Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 






2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job