Position Qualifications:  The Neuropsychologist shall provide support to the Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) Clinic for the U.S. Army Medical Department Activity (USA MEDDAC) at Fort Knox, Kentucky, including installations within the Fort Knox Health Service area.     FEFA offers competitive compensation package, including employer provided medical, and life insurance, paid federal holidays, vacation, retirement plans and more. Please contact us for additional information.  Position Description:  1.12.7.1.   The contract neuropsychologist shall have a Post Doctorate or fellowship in neuropsychology and maintain a valid, unrestricted state license in any state in the United States, District of Columbia, or the territory of Puerto Rico to practice medicine.  The licenses and registration must be renewed and maintained in a current status during the life of the contract.  1.12.7.2.  The contract neuropsychologist requires a professional knowledge of traumatic brain injury, psychology, sociology, mental health dysfunction, and/or human growth and development, coupled with professional judgment of psychopathology and therapeutic techniques.   1.12.7.3.  The contract neuropsychologist shall have a current Basic Life Support (BLS) certification from the American Heart Association.  Advanced Cardiac Life Support or other advanced certification does not supersede BLS certification.  1.12.7.4.  Continuing Education (CE) Requirements.  Contract health care providers licensed, registered, or certified by state or nations boards or associations shall continue to meet the minimum standards for CE credits to remain current.  CE shall be obtained at no additional cost to the government.  1.12.7.5.  The contract neuropsychologist shall not be the subject of a current or pending investigation of appeal by any medical licensing board to determine whether the individual has engaged in unprofessional conduct or substandard medical practice which may result in the suspension or restriction of the individual’s medical license.  The contract physician shall not have had any adverse licensure actions, i.e. suspension or restriction, in the past.  Position Description:  1.12.13.1.  Infection Control.  The contract Neuropsychologist shall adhere to the Centers for Disease control Guidelines concerning standard precautions and MEDDAC Memo 40-15, Infection Control Program, at all times while providing services under this contract.  1.12.13.2.  Contract Neuropsychologist shall become familiar with all phases of Physical Disability, Profiles, Line of Duty Investigations, Third Party Liabilities, Dependency and Indemnity Compensation Laws, Servicemen’s Group Life Insurance and Veteran’s Group Life Insurance, standards for induction, enlistment and retention on active duty, Ambulatory Soldier Care Program and Central Examining clinics.    1.12.13.3.  Shall use MTF established procedures for obtaining consultation of referrals of patients to secondary and tertiary level services and review history in seven life health areas(e.g., medical family, financial, spiritual, etc.) and evaluate data collected to determine treatment priorities.  1.12.13.4.  Conducts therapy (individual, group and family), develop treatment plans, perform individual case staffing duties using practices relating to psychological counseling, have the ability to perform screening assessments.    1.12.13.5.  The contract Neuropsychologist will conduct diagnostic tests and shall have comprehensive knowledge of psychodynamics, psychopathology and therapeutic techniques, evaluate clinical data, reviews problem list and case summaries, proposes diagnostic hypothesis of Traumatic Brain Injuries and evaluates treatment progress and outcome.  1.12.13.6.  Ability to gather and compile patient data, analyze and interpret psychological/clinical test, perform screening assessments and to develop and implement treatment plans to effect quality care.  1.12.13.7.  Required to have the skill to prepare accurate written case documentation involving multiple dysfunctions and traumatic brain injury.  May be required to complete general correspondence, congressional correspondence and staff papers  1.12.13.8.  Represents the command at meeting and conferences, serves as liaison.






salary ms-or-phd-needed full-time-job