Do you consider yourself a problem solver? Do you have a flair for technology? Do you like to interface with people on a daily basis and help improve their business processes? If so, then the Technical Consultant position at Aptify is the ideal position for you! As an Aptify Full Time employee you will work with various clients in locations around the USA, Canada and on occasion overseas (overseas travel is not a requirement for this position). Aptify Consultants are responsible for implementing, enhancing and integrating Aptify’s Association Management Software (AMS) which is very similar to a CRM but customized for the leaders of the association industry. You must be a customer service minded individual who communicates clearly and consistently in writing and verbally. A passion for exceeding expectations is what will make you a success within our company!   Responsibilities to include:   • Provide hands on guidance and training to clients on best practices for leveraging Aptify Software • Use industry standard development tools such as ASP.NET, VB.NET, C#, jQuery, and SQL Server to develop solutions in conjunction with the Aptify Platform • Perform business analyst services to develop functional and technical requirements, GAP analysis and reporting requirements  • Define, document, develop or delegate and test Aptify-based software applications • Develop crystal reports and other analysis projects  • Determine database configuration needs and requirements for new clients  • Perform data conversion support by creating SQL scripts and SQL Server Data Transformation Services (DTS) in SSIS  • Pursue industry certifications in technology, process and project management as part of career development goals  • Work collaboratively and build strong relationships with clients and team members across the globe • Ability to troubleshoot on behalf of yourself and others  • Work efficiently in the consulting team to meet billable hours target  • Extensive travel, up to 50% may be required   Requirements:   • Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, MIS, Math or a related technical degree • Solid understanding of web development and ASP.NET skills • 3-5 years of related experience (8+ years for Lead level), which includes previous software development, technical support or consulting  • Preferably, at least 1 Microsoft Technology Certification (MCP)   Desired Skills:   • CRM or AMS implementation experience • Knowledge of Association Industry  • Experience with ASP.NET, VB.NET, C#, SQL Server, HTML5, CSS, jQuery and Javascript and other client side development tools   Benefits:   Aptify offers a fun working environment with great mentors and a fantastic, comprehensive package some of which includes:   • Medical, Dental, Vision  • Generous 401k match contribution  • Unlimited Paid Time Off, including your Birthday off!  • Paid Holidays  • Life Insurance, Short-Term & Long-Term Disability  • An employee referral program  • An Employee of the Month and Employee of the Year monetary reward and recognition program   In addition to our exceptional benefits, we have a clearly defined and attainable career path for all of our employees. As our company grows, so does everyone here!   Our Culture: • Our culture is important to us and so are our values which are \"F.A.I.R.\". Our employees embody being: Flexible, Accountable, Innovative and Responsive, and look for candidates who are enthusiastic about these values. We use an internal social media site where we continually call out & praise our employees on these four values which creates a high energy environment! • We value company communications and bring everyone together for a yearly off-site \"Company Day\" meeting in North America focused on team building as well as have Quarterly webinar meetings • Cross-sharing of information is important to us which is why we have monthly Knowledge Sharing Sessions where we have various internal people rotate discussing initiatives, case studies and other key programs happening • Training, professional development and career growth is as important to us as it is to you. We focus on yearly on professional development plans and identify internal or external trainings for our team members.   Work Authorization:   US Citizenship or Permanent Residency (Green Card) is required for this position. No H1-B Visa sponsorship or transfers at this time.   Company Summary   Founded in 1993, Aptify has close to 20 years of experience providing powerful, flexible and comprehensive Association and Membership Management Software solutions - worldwide. Aptify has a rich history of delivering successful technology innovations to the market, coupled with exceptional service and support. Our unique corporate pedigree has driven advanced solution capabilities that push the envelope with each new release. A steadfast approach on bringing new competencies to benefit users, combined with an impressive financial track record have lead Inc 500 to list Aptify twice as one of the fastest growing privately-held companies in the US.   Visit www.example.com to learn more about what we do! We look forward to hearing from you! 






2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job bs-degree-needed