\"WE THINK BIG, WE LEARN FAST, WE GET THINGS DONE\" Yext is a leading local advertising technology company dedicated to bringing the power of online advertising to all local businesses.  We are a young, venture backed start-up, recently recognized by Inc Magazine as one of the 500 fastest growing companies in the country (www.example.com). Located at the heart of Manhattan, in the Chelsea Market Place, Yext is looking for fun, charismatic and talented individuals to join our team!     BECOMING A YEXT MEDIA SALES ASSOCIATE  The Media Sales Associate position is an exciting opportunity for a unique and talented individual to gain exposure to the start-up world and interactive media space, while building a cutting-edge product. We are looking for someone with: Great personality and people skills Sharp, professional demeanor Excellent communication and follow-through Ability to work in a high-energy environment Ambition, strong work ethic, and willingness to learn A desire to work in a team-based environment and contribute immediately Ability to take ownership of assigned responsibilities and campaigns Be a self-starter with strong problem-solving abilities Be a career-oriented individual searching for rapid growth   THE JOB: Speak with SMB owners to consult on our products and services Drive new business acquisition Help in developing sales strategies for new products Share feedback & ideas with upper management Developing excellent verbal, written, and presentation skills Work in an exciting & fast paced environment   REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor’s degree as of 1/1/2012 Ability to function in a fast-paced environment with changing priorities and responsibilities Ability to work both independently with excellent time management and organization skills required Ability to participate in a cross-functional team environment Excellent written and verbal communication skills Advanced MS Office skills, including Outlook, Word and Excel, strong familiarity with e-mail and Internet Must have FUN   Yext, Inc. offers competitive compensation and a comprehensive benefits package including: health insurance, dental insurance, paid time off, and free breakfast, lunch, and dinner. All benefits listed are subject to change. Yext, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer.      Please apply below with cover letter + resume. Or visit our recruiting page for more example@example.com       Keyword Search: Advertising, Marketing, Entry Level, New York City, Start-up, Sales, Beginner, Local Ad Sales, Biz-dev, VC, Venture Capital, Full Time, No Experience, new media, Public Relations, Media, Internet, Yellow Pages, Google, Facebook, Bing, Yelp, Business Development






bs-degree-needed