\"Mechanical Engineer, Scroll Pumps    Location: Lexington, Massachusetts    Career Level: Senior (5+ years of experience)    Education: Not Specified    Job Type: Full time/Permanent    Positions Open: 1    Salary: DOE    Job Description:   Relocation: YES  Roles and Responsibilities   - Perform mechanical design of scroll pumps and/or related products using various computer tools to achieve overall design goals for product performance, cost and schedule. This includes spatial layout of system packaging and integration of electronic, electrical, and mechanical components and controls.  - Design mechanical components and assemblies to meet specifications for size performance, cost, helium and vacuum integrity, product lifetime and schedule.  - Perform stress, thermal, and vacuum analysis using computer simulations and hand calculations. Collaborate with consulting experts for design-specific problems such as ion optics and mold flow of plastics.  - Perform laboratory testing on prototype systems and sub-systems. Develop written test plans, design and assemble test equipment, perform testing and/or direct the work of a technician to perform testing, correlate and plot data, generate a written engineering report to document the goals, procedure, data, results and conclusions. Direct the work of engineering technicians and junior engineers to perform lab testing using computer data acquisition systems, and document test results.  - Work with Production and Service to troubleshoot problems that arise in production and participate in developing solutions. Generate and implement ECOs and write procedures to resolve those issues.  - Collaborate with the Manufacturing Department and outside suppliers worldwide to develop cost-effective Lean Manufacturing processes and supply chain improvements.  - Support Production, Service and Applications Engineers to sustain excellent performance in the field and achieve goals for product yield in the factory. Write procedures, perform training, and consult for problem solving.  - Work with Marketing Segment Manager to gather Alpha and Beta site data. Write verification and validation report.  Qualifications       - BSME, MS preferred  - Minimum of 9 years experience in the design and development of electro-mechanical systems. Experience designing rotating machinery is desirable.  - Extensive knowledge of mechanical systems design and machine design including stress, thermal and vacuum systems analysis.  - Knowledge of vacuum technology is strongly preferred. Ability to operate, calibrate, maintain and troubleshoot vacuum systems. Ability to perform vacuum system engineering analysis including calculation of gas conductance, pump speed, pressure, and gas throughput.  - High degree of competence using SolidWorks or similar solids-modeling engineering software. Competence utilizing CosmosWorks or equivalent software for thermal, stress analysis.   - Strong analytical ability to perform computations with reasonable speed and accuracy.  - Thorough understanding of material properties and experience selecting engineering materials for a range of applications including structural and vacuum applications.   - Extensive knowledge of manufacturing processes such as machining, welding, brazing, & mechanical assembly. Understanding of dimensional tolerances and surface finishes achievable with various manufacturing technologies. Ability to perform tolerance analysis for a complex mechanical system.  - Knowledge of product specific technologies may include gas dynamics, high vacuum technology including materials, hardware and appropriate manufacturing processes.  - Ability to perform general work in the engineering laboratory such as assembly of bench test systems, recording data using computer data acquisition systems.   - Sufficient understanding of electronics and electrical systems to interact with electrical engineers in the integration of complex electro-mechanical assemblies.  \"  






full-time-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed salary