Office Manager  Are you ready to apply your office and organizational experience to an exciting new field? Help make a difference with clean solar energy? New Orleans-based Solar Alternatives is seeking an experienced office manager to help support a successful top-tier operation. This is an excellent opportunity to advance your career quickly, learn a high-tech field from a major player, and move into an industry with a strong future.   Solar Alternatives is the regional leader in solar energy systems design and deployment, with a strong reputation of technological expertise, industry development, and community service. SA's portfolio includes: solar canopies, solar ground-mount arrays, rooftop arrays, transparent solar designs, solar power optimization, solar backup generators, mobile solar power systems, as well as electric vehicle service equipment (car charging equipment) and other specialized projects. Our generators have been used for festivals, construction projects, and educational activities throughout the region.   This is a full-time position involving management of business processes and communications, with a strong requirement for language and organizational skills.   Ideal candidates will have several years experience in office management and/or reception, a strong work ethic, tolerance for city/parish bureaucracy, ability to multitask, a clean driving and criminal history, and good personal skills. An interest in renewable energy and self-driven learning will help the right candidates make a lasting career out of this new field.   Join a team focused on good hard work, with training and advancement opportunities and a great work environment. Pride in your work, a strong and supportive team, and excellent benefits are standard.    Requirements: - 4+ years office management or related experience - Productivity software expertise: Word, Excel, other MS Office - Strong web research and social media ability - Verifiable experience with organizational systems and scheduling - Clean-cut appearance and good client manners - Clean driving record and reliable vehicle - Pre-employment and random drug screenings  Preferred: - Knowledge of solar or construction industry - Office or organization certifications or training - Networking experience and ability to represent company at public events    Reply with resume including at least 3 recent positions and 7 years recent experience by PDF, DOC or RTF file.  Don't just accept the same daily grind. Break into a new field, learn from the experts, and make your contribution to a historic technology.






full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed