Immediate Positions Available:  Local and Regional Sales Representatives  F/T and P/T Positions Available   100k++ potential  Positions also available for Sales Supervisor!    Top Sales Producers:   • New training class starts soon…DON’T MISS OUT!!!    • We are looking for enthusiastic Outside Sales Executives to join our rapidly growing company.  100k++ potential for proven performers.  • If you are self- motivated, goal-oriented and want to start creating your own success, we are looking for you.  • Work hours are typically Monday-Friday    Representatives are taught how to arrange appointments, meet with potential customers, explain our products, answer questions, write up orders, and ask for recommendations.  Overall, the training experience will strengthen and enhance their resumes while permitting them to gain valuable sales and business skills.    Job Duties:   • Lead Generation:  The Sales Executive is responsible for building a portfolio of leads by use of networking, prospecting, and leveraging existing contact base.  • Opportunity Management: The Sales Executive is responsible for converting leads to opportunities by being proficient at articulating the capabilities as it relates to the client requirements as well as our competitive differentiation.    Key Performance Indicators:  • MONEY MOTIVATED and not afraid to work for commission  • Self-starter   • Sales minded individuals with integrity  • Excellent communication skills with the ability to listen  • Goal oriented    Benefits/Amenities:  • Generous weekly CASH incentives and spiffs  • Aggressive commission structure  • Unlimited Income Potential  • Performance-Based Compensation  • Flexibility to Create Your Own Schedule  • Mentoring Programs  • Marketing and Sales Support  • Company Trips     Full time work hours are typically Monday-Friday 8-5. Limited opportunites.  100k++ potential for proven performers.     We have part time as well for college students, individuals needing extra income, recent high school graduates and others.  Representatives market products through a low key one-on-one approach doing B2B sales.    Our part time work opportunities offer a number of unique advantages:  • Training provided – no experience necessary  • Valuable resume experience  • PT/FT flexible schedules  • Opportunity to advance  • All majors welcome    Base pay per week plus commission.  We have a great new product selling and pay HUGE commissions.    We train and support all representatives.  If you have excellent communication skills and are looking for an opportunity to make a six figure income, email your resume OR apply online at www.example.com OR via FAX to  XXX       DON’T DELAY…TRAINING CLASSES START SOON.   






