Are you the person who organizes, coordinates, and makes things happen in and outside of the office? Are you the type of person that likes to take a project and see it through to successful completion? Do you handle multiple tasks and projects effortlessly? Do you have at least 2-3 years professional experience?  If so, then we want to hear from you.  This is an excellent opportunity for a go-getter who is highly organized, detail oriented and ready to roll up his or her sleeves and support RAIN Group's operations and client initiatives.    *ABOUT US*  RAIN Group is a sales training, assessment, and sales performance improvement company that helps leading organizations improve sales results.  As we are a small firm, the right candidate will have opportunities with us that s/he will not have at many larger firms. The Associate will report directly to firm senior management and will have a broad range of responsibilities, including the coordination of a variety of client, operations, and management functions. This is a professional position for a college educated person with at least 2-3 years professional experience. The position combines operations, revenue growth, marketing support, and project management responsibilities.  *ABOUT YOU*  You have: -A great “can do” attitude -The ability to juggle multiple assignments effortlessly -An independent drive that thrives on achievement -Exceptional editing and proofreading skills -Excellent organizational skills and detail orientation -A passion to help and support others -A willingness to adapt to changing needs  *RESPONSIBILITIES*  Projects will/may include: -Support client leaders and senior management in a variety of areas -Proofread marketing materials, client proposals, training materials, and other documents -Coordinate with clients to ensure project deadlines are met in a timely manner. -Handle scheduling for various client deliverables and assignments. -Run the logistics of client assignments, and ensuring adherence to internal operational procedures. -Use online tools to build marketing lists for RAIN Group and our clients. -Produce error-free reports, client deliverables, presentations, and other deliverables including proofreading, layout, and production. -Assist with the management of client projects, timelines, and relationships. -Deliver other responsibilities and projects both in-house and for clients as they arise.  *POSITION REQUIREMENTS*  -Resume, cover letter and salary history are required. Applications submitted without all three will not be accepted or reviewed. -4 year college degree. Academic rigor of university and GPA will be considered. Both business and liberal arts candidates will be considered equally. -A proactive and confident attitude with the ability to take initiative on client projects is essential. -Attention to detail and the ability to manage multiple projects with many moving parts are extremely important. -Excellent organizational skills. -The ability to write, edit, and proofread at an extremely advanced level is important. -Experience with technologies such as SalesForce.com, WordPress, and web content management systems are important. Comfort with using, and desire to learn, the details of such technologies are essential.   Proficient with Microsoft office suite – Word, PowerPoint, and Excel. -Experience in a client-facing environment is desired. -Familiarity with sales and the sales process is desired.  *WHY WORK AT RAIN GROUP*  Here are a few reasons why we attract the best people around to join our team: -We’re growing – you’ll work directly with senior leaders and our highly successful sales team to push growth initiatives. -We take our jobs seriously, we take our clients’ success seriously, and we take hard work seriously, but we don’t take ourselves too seriously. -We take our values seriously: passion; commitment; straightforwardness; openness; accessibility; learning; success of others; balance. -If you like energy and action, we’re the place to be…we have a lot going on. -We’re always innovating, never resting on our laurels, and constantly investing in the company to help us lead in the market. -We have a ping pong table.  *COMPENSATION & BENEFITS*  Compensation is a competitive salary plus a bonus potential based on individual and company performance. We offer health insurance through Tufts Health Plan, 401k and profit share plan, defined benefit plan, and a generous mix of all-purpose vacation, sick, and personal days. RAIN Group is located in a well-equipped, coveted office space 20 minutes west of Boston in Framingham, just off the Mass Pike.  Resume, cover letter, and salary history required for the position.






supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed salary bs-degree-needed