_Work with a Medical Team in a Small, Entrepreneurial Environment_  INSynergy Treatment Center (www.example.com) the premier St. Louis-based drug and alcohol rehab center, is seeking an energetic, dynamic Case Manager for its team.  We provide an alternative approach to traditional 12-step and AA treatment programs, allowing for the effective treatment of addictions such as alcoholism, heroin, and opiate addiction. We also help smokers quit nicotine dependence!  The Case Manager will report to the Program Director and responsibilities include:  • Providing Information about the INSynergy treatment program – Enable the Program Director to be more productive by pre-screening prospective patients and providing a broad and comprehensive knowledge of the program’s practices, procedures and policies with minimal supervision. • Customer Service – Deliver superior customer service in interactions with patients, prospective patients, pharmacies, referring medical offices, and other contacts. *Phone marketing skills are necessary for success in this job.* • Pro-activity – Anticipate, assess, analyze and address patient needs (including Medical Director, physicians, prospective patient, and co-worker) needs.  Be pro-active in determining the appropriate action in both routine and non-routine situations. Apply common sense continuously. • Process improvement – Measure, report, execute and follow through to ensure that INSynergy’s internal and external reporting and systems are functioning optimally.  This includes elements of financial reporting, timekeeping, and phone inquiry processing • Professionalism – Exercise confidentiality and discretion in handling sensitive issues.  Represent INSynergy in a professional and ethical manner at all times. Qualifications include: • A 4-year college degree is preferred, or an Associates Degree required, in Psychology, Social Work or related area of concentration. Must be a quick learner and a self starter. • Must have at least 1 year of medical office management and administration experience in a fast-paced multi-task environment. Should be familiar with psychiatric medications. • Prior background in Social Work or work experience with addiction medicine is preferred.   • Must be able to rapidly acquire a thorough knowledge of INSynergy’s patients, operating practices and procedures. Exceptional customer service skills and a stellar phone presence are mandatory because phone marketing is essential for job success. • Must be a bright, confident self-starter with strong attention to detail, yet in command of the big picture.  Must be self-assured with the ability to admit and learn from mistakes. • Excellent organizational, interpersonal and communication (written and oral) skills are required.  Must have impeccable English grammar and spelling skills. • Exceptional computer skills and capabilities including proficiency in e-mail, internet, Microsoft Office applications including Word, Excel and PowerPoint.  Experience with Electronic Medical Records (EMR), scheduling applications and Quickbooks is desired.   INSynergy will offer the selected candidate a competitive salary and benefits package such as paid time-off and health insurance (individual).  *DO NOT ATTEMPT TO CONTACT THE INSYNERGY OFFICES BY PHONE OR VISIT THE OFFICE IN PERSON, AS THIS WILL IMMEDIATELY DISQUALIFY YOU! ONLY ONLINE APPLICANTS WILL BE CONSIDERED.*  EOE 






1-year-experience-needed associate-needed