The University Affiliated Research Center (UARC) located at NASA Ames in Mountain View, CA seeks a part-time (60%) human resource professional, preferably with experience in higher education and/or a comparable research environment. The UARC employs approximately 140 staff who conduct research in Air Traffic Management, Aerospace Systems, Earth Sciences, and Information and Space Sciences. This position provides human resource administration in the following areas: Staff and Academic Appointments: liaison with campus to confirm changes in funding, appointments, leaves, extensions, and separations. Prepare hire documents and conduct new employee orientations including confirming authorization to work. Provide benefits orientation on health, dental, vision, life, and disability insurance. Consult with International Scholar and Student office on foreign national hires ensuring initial employment authorization. Prepare new visa dossier and extensions in accord with federal and campus regulations. Distribute employee timesheets; collect and verify vacation and sick leave accruals. Serve as resource on various programs, e.g., FMLA, Workers' Compensation, etc. Coordinate requests for NASA Badging/Security Clearance for visitors, foreign nationals, and staff.  Requirements: related human resource experience performing human resource functions in an academic or public research setting; experience using an on-line payroll personnel system; demonstrated experience in the analysis and interpretation of higher institution policies and procedures; analytical skills to anticipate and forecast impact of potential action; strong organizational skills to coordinate work, establish priorities, and meet deadlines. Demonstrated experience maintaining a high degree of accuracy; experience with or ability to gain and apply accurate working knowledge of immigration regulations as they pertain to scholars in a research environment including e-verify processing; ability to recall, retrieve and communicate detailed information quickly, clearly and accurately, both verbally and in written form; proficiency in the use of word processing systems, electronic spreadsheets, and databases and demonstrated ability to learn new information systems.   Compensation is highly competitive based on experience/skills. The University offers outstanding health and welfare benefits and programs for secure retirement that are considered to be among the finest in higher education. The UARC is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer committed to the development of a diverse workforce. 






