WSECU is looking for an addition to their Contact Center Leadership team.    Are you passionate about helping others be successful? Do you like solving puzzles and understanding what makes things tick?     Have you worked in strong service-orientated organization? Can you appreciate the challenges that we face on a daily basis serving our membership?    If you've answered \"Yes!\" to these questions, take a closer look at this opportunity.    The Workforce Analyst is a position within WSECU’s Contact Center that ensures successful coordination of resources in response to the needs of our membership.    This role is a key part of our leadership team. Effective teamwork and capable interpersonal skills, as well as a passion for serving others are critical!    Strong analytical skills are required for the successful forecasting of anticipated call volumes, producing employee schedules, and reviewing time off requests. Developing and reviewing operational reports are key expectations of this position. Working with others inside and outside the department to ensure successful execution of our staffing plan is highly important, as well as being an engaged member of our leadership team for effective decision making and problem solving.    If this sounds like an exciting challenge, this may be the opportunity for you. This non-exempt position offers a monthly salary of $3,288 to $4,508 plus an excellent benefits package.    HOURS:  Monday – Saturday, minimum 40 hours per week.  Scheduling flexibility required.    KNOWLEDGE\\SKILLS\\ABILITIES:  Minimum 12 months working in customer service or contact center environment. Proficiency with analytical tools (Microsoft Excel, Access) needed. Ability to identify, define and resolve problems. Leadership qualities and teamwork experience a must.     APPLICATION PROCESS: Interested applicants must apply on-line at www.example.com    WSECU is proud to be an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.  We also proudly support veterans and those currently serving in the armed forces.






salary 1-year-experience-needed full-time-job