22 Bowens Wine Bar and Grille in Newport, RI is looking for an Assistant General Manager to join their world class management team!  The Assistant General Manager is responsible for managing all aspects within the restaurant.  This includes but is not limited to maximizing profitability, ensuring adherence to company policies, performance management of employees, and upholding and exceeding all standards regarding the overall guest experience. In depth experience managing a high end wine and beverage program is also required.  The three most important areas of expertise for this position are wine/beverage/inventory knowledge, financial acumen and understanding, and service training experience.  These will be the focal points during the interview process.    We are for looking someone with a true passion for hospitality and providing the ultimate guest experience!  This position requires excellent interpersonal, written and oral communication skills, and the ability to develop others through leadership.   In order to be considered for an interview candidates must have a minimum of 3 years of experience at the AGM or GM level in a full service, fine dining restaurant.    Please follow this link to apply: www.example.com  Thank you for your interest in our company!  22 Bowen’s Wine Bar & Grill, a world-class steakhouse on Newport’s waterfront, is a member of the esteemed Newport Restaurant Group. NRG includes seven distinct, award-winning restaurants across Rhode Island, each managed with a fresh perspective on strength in teamwork, recognition and support for advancement, and a shared goal of inspirational culinary creativity and unparalleled service. The Newport Restaurant Group also includes 22 Bowens’ Wine Bar & Grill, The Smokehouse Café, The Boat House Restaurant, Waterman Grille, Hemenway’s, and Trio. We are proud to be an employee-owned (ESOP) company, characterized by an energetic synergism between colleagues with a mutual respect for innovative ideas and unique expression in order to remain an industry leader. Learn more about us at www.example.com.






supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed