Make up to $300/day working as MOVIE EXTRA, ACTOR or a MODEL:    * No Experience Required  * Work Flexible Hours  * Up to $300/day  * Opportunity to Learn More About Acting or Modeling    There is a constant need to fill the background of movies, TV shows, TV commercials, music videos, sitcoms and reality shows. Movie Extras get paid up to $300 a day depending on the project for filling these spaces, standing around, or moving around behind the actors. We are looking for people from all backgrounds, so even if you have no experience in the entertainment industry and have only worked as an administrative assistant, nurse, manager, animal trainer, designer, waiter/waitress, a fitness coach, or you are a student or graduate we'd love to hear from you!    >>> CALL  XXX      Reality TV openings:    Average everyday people are needed to fill spots on reality TV, you just need to be yourself! If you are an outgoing person with a fun, exciting, unique personality than this is for you! Reality TV is HUGE right now, we have hundreds of casting call opportunities! Reality shows frequently portray a modified and highly influenced form of reality. You can be put in exotic locations or abnormal situations. The public loves to watch what will happen next!    Modeling openings:    There are a lot of modeling opportunities for people of all shapes and sizes: glamour modeling, petite modeling, plus size modeling, teen modeling, mature modeling, body part modeling (hand modeling, etc.), character or \"real people\" modeling. And you don't need to be a top or professional model that to take part in the photo shoots and be paid. Runway models, showroom models, fit models, promotional (trade show) models, television and videos models, editorial (magazine and newspaper models) models as well as models for print advertisements are also needed to advertise a wide variety of products and services - from cars to food. If being a model sounds like what you dream to do, please call casting management.    ELECTRONIC APPLICATION ARE NOT ACCEPTED >>> CALL  XXX  TODAY    Sales, Clerical, Customer Service, Restaurant, Administrative, Receptionist experience is a plus!






