*10 PLUS YEARS OF EXPERIENCE REQUIRED*  *WINES AND SPIRITS EXPERIENCE HIGHLY PREFERRED*      Duties & Responsibilities  •       Collaborates strategy and planning peers, account management, new business development, creative studio colleagues, as well as production to generate strategies and concepts to support the client’s business goals and objectives.  •       Is responsible for knowing and coordinating all issues related to the development of programming, concepts and marketing-driven solutions for clients.  •       Supports and participates in business development opportunities on an as needed basis.  •       Develops and presents creative solutions on behalf of the agency that are informed by research and generate a demonstrable ROI for our clients.  •       Analyzes data and develop actionable insights and strategic recommendations for consumer insights/segmentation, competitive reports, SWOT analysis, strategic POV  •       Possesses the presence and experience to interface at the executive level, developing and maintaining client relationships and negotiating change within the business and within the brand.  •       Has the ability, passion and intelligence to translate work with creative studio to oversee the visual manifestation of ideas and concepts  •       Owns strong communication skills: written, verbal, presentations, meeting facilitation in both individual and group settings  •       Possesses basic copywriting skills relevant to the articulation of marketing strategy and supporting content  •       Receives and evaluate research briefs, determining additional lines of query from a “big picture” perspective   •       Develops oral and written presentations of research findings for internal and client presentations  –      Internal presentations, concepting input, client-facing agency POV/strategic foundation, research reports  •       Contributes to department development of new insights, innovations, trend forecasting, strategic thinking etc.   .Qualifications/Skill Requirements  •       Possesses fundamental understanding of market research, insights gathering, and marketing to develop marketing-driven solutions for our clients.  •       Generates research reports by utilizing the firms’ research resources and as well as those from partner companies and clients.  •       Assists in generating competitive intelligence reports and analysis.  •       Manages the collection and packaging of data from secondary research resources.  •       Participates in both qualitative and quantitative data collection in the field on an as needed basis.  •       Develops pitch decks with account teams that address client’s strategy and tactical concerns.  •       Facilitates brainstorming sessions and workshops designed toward specific outputs and client solutions.  •       Generates and presents thought leadership on behalf of the agency.  Client Business     •       Contributes to team effectiveness by: providing ongoing feedback to team; participation in ongoing project management through feedback on strategic direction of projects and joint review of creative with Account Supervisors and Associate Directors; offering input on client POV’s and decks; and involvement in presentation and selling ideas on key projects.  •       Provides brand stewardship and strategic leadership via participation in annual brand planning cycles and the development of client initiatives to grow their business.  •       Demonstrates a solid grasp of current industry dynamics and be able to help provide agency perspective on the impact, influence, and implications of these dynamics on brand or agency health.  •       Assists in providing long-term perspective for brand and business growth that exceeds the scope of individual projects. Be able to help clearly articulate a strategic vision in a confident and persuasive manner to clients and teams; connect the vision to business imperatives and statistically relevant measures.   •       Assists in the assurance of proactive strategic thought-leadership across the integrated marketing mix; be able to effectively apply and integrate strategy into agency process.  •       Helps raise the bar of MKTG work for clients and assist in the development of regular methods and practices using consumer insights to inspire, guide, and evaluate work.    •       Identifies unmet research/planning needs and knowledge gaps. Lead the solution.   Internal Initiatives/Network Support/Management:      •       Works closely with Strategy & Planning management and associated personnel to define business issues.  •       Coordinates with Director of Strategy & Planning, Client Service Team and associated personnel in developing research and marketing action plans.  •       Aids in conducting research studies using outside vendors (as needed) and manages budgets and timelines related to contracted research.   •       Makes original contributions to Agency growth through participation in internal cultural initiatives and development of new professional capabilities and perspectives.     •       Creates dialogue and share innovations and new methods across internal teams (account service, creative, and media).   •       Interacts with and service the information needs of people in all levels of management, and in a range of functional areas throughout the organization.  •       Manages workflow and processes for as needed with peers and associated in the department.  •       Oversees marketing and research execution.   •       Assists in clearly verbalizing and intellectualizing agency positioning and growth opportunities.    






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed