JOB PURPOSE:    The Account Director is responsible for managing and growing existing account relationships through direct management of accounts as well as management of an account servicing team comprised of one or more account management staff.     The Account Director ensures that their account management staff possesses a consistent and complete knowledge of all program implementation processes, insurance and membership product design, direct marketing strategies, customer service, and fulfillment processes.     Act as a liaison between clients at a senior level to maintain a positive client relationship, always look for opportunities to grow their clients and the overall business in order to maximize the campaign performance.  Assists departmental Team Leader with management of projects and Account Management team initiatives.     ESSENTIAL JOB RESPONSIBILITIES, DUTIES, TASKS:  • Client / Partner Management Responsibilities:  o Drives overall strategy for client relationship and multi-product / channel programs.  o Provides excellent and frequent high-level client service.  Involves frequent client visits and managing special client requests.  Is responsible for research and follow-up on all client requests and issues.  o Oversees more complex communications with client, partners and internal team members.  o Possesses complete knowledge of competitive entities in regards to their particular clients and communicates this information to internal team members in order to drive the development of appropriate marketing strategies.  o Collaborates with other Account Directors in discussing other client relationships, sharing learning’s, etc…  o Leads client brainstorming discussions on things such as, but not limited to:   how to make-up negative variance   product ideation   creative ideation   results review / improvement initiatives.  • Management / Company-wide / Other Responsibilities:  o Demonstrates and portrays a complete understanding of the Company’s direction and mission, and manages client relationships and internal team members accordingly.  o Regularly provides leadership and / or guidance to all junior account management team members.  o Hires, trains and develops account management team members to meet organizational objectives.  Regularly reviews direct reports’ performance and addresses both formally and informally.  Continuously provides them with appropriate motivation and means to succeed.  o Provides direction to direct reports on the management of their clients, including, but not limited to, all aspects of program implementation, financial reporting, involvement in client conference calls / meetings as needed, and strategic and marketing planning.  o Understands the management of a business area and has significant responsibility for the functionality of that area.  This includes the management of team members, allocation / completion of workload, and the distribution of resources.  o Understands the spending / expenses of the business area, including decisions related to staffing levels and allocation of resources.  o Primary point of contact for all activity related to their business area.  o Takes ownership in maintaining their business area’s commitments and cross-functional team efforts.  o Leads other company initiatives such as task forces and results improvement initiatives.  o Manages additional projects or initiatives assigned by his / her manager.    • Implementation / Program Management Responsibilities:  o Drives client financials and compensation agreements, to include, but not limited to:   Client variances in the marketing budget / forecast and calendar, and is responsible for working with their account management team to proactively determine ways to make up any negative variance for client and the Company.   Analyzes all reporting throughout the life of the campaign to accurately speak to results, persistency, trends, what’s working, what isn’t, etc…   Mentors their account management team to conduct campaign post-mortem sessions with clients for all programs.   New program / product pricing, benefits, amendment / contractual needs, etc…   Complete and thorough understanding of clients’ and the Company’s compensation structures, pricing models, contract terms, etc…  o Works with all internal functional teams, clients and partners to develop integrated annual marketing plans.    SUPERVISING FUNCTIONS:  Two Account Representatives reporting to this position.    SCOPE:  This position is responsible for ensuring their team is staffed and trained accordingly so they may achieve accurate and on time delivery of all client marketing campaigns, and excellent client servicing abilities, in an effort to help the company and its clients hit their annual revenue numbers.    CRITICAL CORE COMPETENCIES:  • Leadership - inspires and gains the commitment and respect of functional team members and/or external partners / clients and Executive Management.  Must be a role model for other associates, and empowers others.    • Team Work – must have ability to work with all Account Management team members and functional teams.  Fosters a positive team work attitude and environment within the Account Management Team as well as across the entire organization.    • Thinking Clearly & Analytically - makes recommendations, follows though, and demonstrates good judgment on all levels.  Consistently takes the initiative towards solving problems and understanding inter-relationships and the “big picture” within the organization.  Anticipates business needs, thinks “out of the box”, questions status quo.    • Financial Management - understands financial impact of all marketing decisions and is fiscally responsible for their clients’ marketing plans.    • Flexibility – must adapt to new/different or changing business environments, respects and supports change, interested in learning new ways of working, stimulates and encourages change to push the business.      CRITICAL MANAGEMENT COMPETENCIES:     • Ability to Motivate - articulation of mission/goals, generates enthusiasm for accomplishing goals; organize team members to accomplish goals.  Ability to modify management style to each situation.    • Strategic Planning - keeps abreast of development in the Marketing / Banking industry, utilizes internal and external best practices.       • Ability/Willingness to Communicate to Staff - communication of the Company’s vision to staff members, must have willingness to share plans, goals etc.  Must be visible and accessible to employees.    • Decisiveness - makes choices quickly and surely, without having any doubts.    • Coaching, Mentoring - provides constructive feedback effectively and when appropriate, encourages growth and development and takes an active role in developing direct reports.  Gives others the opportunity to master new duties or projects.    REQUIRED: KNOWLEDGE / SKILLS / ABILITIES / EXPERIENCE / EDUCATION   • Four-year college degree in Marketing or related field  • Six plus years’ client management / servicing experience  • Proven ability to lead, manage, develop and motivate a team  • Strong interpersonal and demonstrated senior, and executive-level client relationship development skills  • Must be a detail-oriented self-starter able to handle multiple tasks with little supervision  • Must possess excellent oral and written communication skills with strong direct marketing financials and analytical ability  • Solid skills in MS Office products particularly in MS Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint    PREFERRED: KNOWLEDGE / SKILLS / ABILITIES / EXPERIENCE / EDUCATION   • Direct marketing and / or advertising experience.  • Financial Institution Marketplace and/or Insurance Industry experience.  • Experience with Six Sigma processes.    An Equal Opportunity Employer    






5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job bs-degree-needed supervising-job