Superior Air-Ground Ambulance Service, Inc. is the largest independent, locally owned and operated Emergency Medical Service provider in Northern Illinois and Northwest Indiana.  We provide wheelchair transportation, Basic Life Support, Advanced Life Support, and Critical Care Ground Transportation; as well as Critical Care Rotary Air Transportation.   Much of our proven success is attributable to the exceptional, compassionate customer service provided by our employees.    Job Summary:  Responsible for reviewing ambulance run reports for accuracy of insurance data and patient demographics and make corrections when necessary. Completes the insurance verification process on all ambulance trips. Utilizes online systems (NEBO/ECARE, and third party payers open access sites), to verify eligibility.     Job Requirements:  To perform the job successfully, strong attention to detail is a requisite; an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The following requirements are representative of knowledge, skill and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.     Expectation of the Position:  Supports the guiding principals & vision by exhibiting the following behavior with staff, customers, patients, guest, and communities:     Excellence & Competence   Communication   Accountability   Responsiveness   Ownership   Essential Duties & Responsibilities:     Verifies insurance eligibility utilizing the NEBO/E-CARE on line eligibility system or third party payers open access site.   Effectively works run reports. Corrects missing information according to department policy and procedure.     Identifies automated claim status responses pertaining to patient can not be identified or patient not covered. Identified accounts should be handled according to department policy.     Provides insurance master change suggestions to appropriate Manager in order to maximize claims processing efficiency.     Demonstrates excellent communication skills for patient/guarantor and facility interviews in order to obtain accurate information in order to submit claims to the appropriate third party payer.     Follows appropriate practices when revising a trip from one insurance schedule to another according to policies and procedures.     Completes special assignments and projects with minimal supervision and consistently meets the department's performance standards, timetables and deadlines.     Creates work that is consistently accurate and reliable. Employee identifies barriers to processes and performs corrective action in order to reduce or eliminate errors.     Attends at least 80% of staff meetings annually.     Keep open lines of communication with both internal and external customers allowing issues to be resolved with little or no conflict.     Completes all internal and external customer requests within 48 hours.     Actively participates in training and or question and answer sessions provided to accounts receivable processing staff if and when applicable.     Demonstrates knowledge & compliance with insurance, local, state and federal regulations related to ambulance billing.     Special projects and all other duties as assigned.     Qualifications:    Minimum High School Diploma or equivalency.   Healthcare and third party payer knowledge preferred.   Excellent verbal communications skills.   Ability to \"Multi-task\" and handle fair amount of stress when busy.   Experience, education and/or equivalent training.   Maintain a positive and professional attitude at all times.   Computer literate.   Typing of at least 45 WPM.   Ability to respond to common inquiries and forward appropriate complaints from employees, customers, agencies, facilities and hospitals.   Ability to effectively present information to Management.     BILINGUAL APPLICANTS PREFERRED    APPLY ONLINE AT www.example.com or go to direct link: www.example.com     Superior Air-Ground Ambulance Service, Inc. is committed to attracting and retaining the best talent. We are an Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer.  Qualified applicants of all backgrounds are encouraged to apply.  M/F/V/D      






