PURPOSE:   Supervises DOT fleet operations including customer communication and coordination of services; personnel management (dispatch, drivers and maintenance); equipment and maintenance (planning, scheduling and forecasting); sets and reviews budgets; creates, implements and monitors driver safety and retention programs.     RESPONSIBILITIES:  1. Provide leadership and develop associates.  2. Set quality goals and means and methods to attain goals.  3. 24/7 communication and coordination coverage responsibility.  4. Driver Training (learning procedures, safe equipment operation, and processing required paperwork).  5. Optimizing routes (daily, weekly, monthly and emergency).  6. Allocating manpower and equipment in a DOT environment.  7. Reviewing paperwork for DOT compliance and correcting problem drivers.  8. Maintains fixed asset schedule including vehicle maintenance and repair records, major mechanical repairs and assessing viability of repair versus replacement (short term and long term analysis).    ABILITIES/SKILLS REQUIRED:   Strong oral and written communication skills, strong organizational ability, detail oriented, ability to remain calm under pressure, handle multiple and varied tasks, MS-Excel.  DOT asset allocation.    WORKING CONDITIONS/PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS:  May be required to move items up to 50 pounds repeatedly and up to 80 pounds occasionally.  May be required to sit, stand, stoop, bend, kneel, squat, climb, and descend for repeated or extended periods of time.  Hearing, listening, clear speech, good vision day and night, depth perception, color recognition, sound identification, hand-eye-foot coordination, Exposure to fumes or dust, chemicals, outdoor weather, moving mechanical parts and moderate to loud noise levels.  May be required to travel in company vehicles or other transportation to perform certain work functions    EDUCATION/TRAINING REQUIRED:  Three years experience in DOT fleet management.    This is a drug-free workplace, related testing required.






2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job