Job Summary:    The Director of Sales is responsible for managing all sales and sales related activity within the US. This position requires proven sales management experience and a strong history of success. Coaching, mentoring and building the long-term capacity of the sales teams will be critical success factors. Additionally, the ability to establish relationships, create new sales opportunities and mine established accounts to maximize revenues are a must.    An in-depth knowledge of solution-based selling, education organizations and a strong understanding of the education sales cycle are also required, along with experience and connections in the elementary/middle school market. This person must understand complex sales cycles, build consensus throughout multiple levels of organizations including state departments of education and educational service agencies (ESA’s), along with having an in-depth understanding of Salesforce CRM and the ability to teach others best ways to use Salesforce to build pipeline, retain good relationships with customers to meet their needs, and close deals.    Additionally, the Director of Sales will develop account strategies (in conjunction with the Account Executives which include; account profiles, demand/lead generation and detailed action plans). This person must work in coordination with the assigned internal counterparts to maximize sales revenues and customer renewals/retention. The Director of Sales will perform other duties as the business demands. They will be building a sales team from the ground up into a “Sales 2.0” model.    Essential Functions:    -Guide team to achieve or overachieve assigned annual revenue targets  -Execute and deliver at or above plan every quarter  -Build sales infrastructure and processes  -Proven ability and desire to build an industry-leading sales team  -Demonstrate operational excellence by delivering all requested sales reports, forecasts, budget information, and any other requested information in timely and accurate manner  -Work in conjunction with and marshal Wowzers internal resources to maximize territory performance  -Ability to understand and negotiate sales terms and sales contracts  -Attend key conferences in assigned territory  -Ability to travel as business demands  -Possess strong analytical/problem solving skills  -Desire to continually improve performance and refine sales strategies  Qualifications, Skill, and Abilities:    -Proven Sales management success  -Knowledge of principles and methods for showing, promoting, and selling products or services. This includes marketing strategy and tactics, product demonstration, sales techniques, and sales forecasting  -The candidate should have a proven track record of sales success and proven ability selling professional development solutions to the K-12 market  -Knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer and personal services. This includes customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and evaluation of customer satisfaction  -Have a proven track record as a self-starter with a strong desire to be successful  -This position requires outstanding written and verbal communication skills  -Be highly motivated and organized  -Customer focused  -Have a high level of technical competence  -Strong analytical and problem solving skills  -Strong presentation capabilities  -Outstanding time management skills and the ability to set priorities  -Expertise in Salesforce CRM  Compensation:    The sales compensation package is designed to reward achievement. Wowzers offers competitive compensation including base salary along with commission and bonus for on-target earnings.    Wowzers also offers full health and retirement benefits.






2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job salary