Union Theological Seminary in the City of New York seeks applications for the Assistant Director for Web Communications    Union Theological Seminary – The Institution    Founded in 1836, Union Theological Seminary is an independent, multi-denominational seminary in the City of New York.  Union’s mission is at once progressive and faith-based: to educate leaders for ministry in churches and society, to extend the work of social justice, and to enrich the academy through teaching and research.  Education at Union is rooted in a critical understanding of the breadth of Christian traditions and is significantly and increasingly instructed by the pluralistic, interfaith reality of the globalized world.  Union has nurtured many of the most significant theological voices addressing the most profoundly challenging issues of our contemporary experience: civil rights, women’s equality, ecological justice, and the full inclusion of LGBTQ people in our churches and in our public life.  Now embarking on its 175th year, Union is launching a bold new strategic plan accompanied by a comprehensive campaign to grow Union’s national and global influence as a ground-breaking educational institution forming religious and community leaders to engage the new realities of a diverse, interconnected, and increasingly urban world.     Assistant Director for Web Communications – The Position    Job Description:    Reporting to the Director of Communications and Marketing, the Assistant Director for Web Communications is responsible for the development, management, and execution of a strategic plan to overhaul Union Theological Seminary’s current web site. He/she will evaluate the web site’s content and architecture and manage an implementation solution with our current CMS partner that improves overall aesthetic and interactivity. Ongoing technological support and maintenance of the new site will be an integral component of this position.    The Assistant Director for Web Communications will also be tasked with refining Union’s web communications to enhance marketing and recruitment efforts that support the mission and goals of admissions, advancement, academic affairs, and student life.    Additional responsibilities:    • Manages all web site reporting and analyses, using Google Analytics and/or other CMS reporting systems.    • Supports search engine optimization (SEO) efforts to improve organic web ranking with search engines.    • Supports search engine marketing (SEM) efforts to deliver quality student recruitment leads.    • Manages internal and external clients and vendors.    • Develops an internal web communications style-guide.    Qualifications:    • Bachelor’s Degree with at least 5-7 years of proven experience managing web sites and leading comprehensive web site communications.    • Knowledge of Blackbaud’s Net Community and Raiser’s Edge extremely desirable.    • Proficiency in the latest web development and design technologies including HTML and CSS, PHP, XML, and JavaScript. Extensive experience with Adobe Creative Suite (Flash, Dreamweaver, and Photoshop).    • Experience managing and supporting integrated marketing campaigns (SEM, digital banner and email).    • Superior written communications skills necessary, particularly with web and e-mail communications.    • Knowledge of best practices in web and electronic communications and experience with social media (Facebook, Twitter, Flickr, YouTube, etc.)    • Strong attention to detail and strong problem-solving skills.    • Flexibility to manage multiple responsibilities, assignments, and deadlines simultaneously.    • Experience managing both urgent, short-term projects and complex, long-term projects.    • Experience in the non-profit or higher education sectors desirable.    A portfolio of relevant work demonstrating candidate skill and creativity is highly recommended.      Hiring Policy:    The Union Theological Seminary community is diverse not only in race, age, gender, and sexuality, but also in geography, background, perspective, denomination, and even faith traditions.    It is set in the urban environment of New York City, which is a microcosm of the world, a place where the local and the global intersect.    It enjoys cooperative relations with other academic, cultural and church institutions in the Morningside Heights/Harlem neighborhood, as well as in the greater New York area and elsewhere.     Please send a cover letter with resume to: Union Theological Seminary, Human Resources Office, 3041 Broadway, New York, NY 10027.    Union Theological Seminary is an Equal Opportunity Employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, sexual orientation, disability, religion, nationality, or ethnicity.           






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job