*BASIC FUNCTION:*  A sales & customer service professional providing operational leadership in the execution of our programs and growth plans for 7 accounts in the Pearl City, Lena, and Dakota areas.      *JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:*  • Execute and monitor sales growth plan; utilize marketing programs and tools to work with Chairpeople and decision makers to increase sales volume. *  • Build support for Market Day’s portfolio of programs by participating in organization’s activities such as assemblies, teacher breakfasts, PTA meetings and other events. *   • Establish frequent communication and maintain positive relationships with Chairpeople, key decision makers  and customers to understand their needs and be a resource for potential solutions and training as needed. *  • Supervise all aspects of the monthly sale program including truck arrival and delivery, equipment set-up, product unload, product placement, inventory, sampling of products, and safety.  *  • Maintain a working knowledge of products, product integrity, processes and deadlines for all Family of Fundraisers programs.  • Complete all balancing and banking procedures within 24 hours of sale event. *  • Attend and participate in sales meetings and training on new programs.      *JOB SPECIFICATIONS:*  • High School diploma or equivalent.  • One to two years selling experience preferred.  • Previous volunteer/community service and/or PTA/PTO experience.  • Excellent verbal and written communication and presentation skills.  • Proven ability with networking and prospecting skills to build/establish relationships.  • Excellent customer service skills.  • Must be detail oriented and organized.  • Ability to solve problems using flexibility and creativity.  • Access to supplemental freezer space.  • Ability to handle and balance large sums of money.  • Ability to lift and carry up to 25-30 pounds on a regular basis.  • Computer knowledge (with access to Internet with e-mail address) and math aptitude required.    *Essential Functions:*  All duties and responsibilities noted with an asterisk (*) are considered to be essential functions of the position.






1-year-experience-needed