Overall Job Purpose  This position will assist in planning and organizing the assigned product line from conceptual stages through product life cycles.  This position will assist in driving the company’s product initiatives through product presentations guaranteeing our ability to achieve brand and business objectives.  Job Description and Responsibilities  • Participates in overall product strategy, research and development requirements, development, analysis of market research, and manufacturing coordination for new and emerging products. Provides recommendations to design & development to ensure product line.  • Communicates with Director to make product decisions and collaborates with the Design, Development, Production and Sales Departments in order to communicate vision for the line plan and develop and provide product definitions responsive to customer needs and market opportunities. Conducts marketing analysis to develop product definitions.  • Extensive analysis of product, consumer and competitive trends. Seeks consumer interaction and input from business partners and other relevant contacts when initiating the line planning process.  Establishes contact and knowledge base of key accounts and key markets with the required goal of creating successful product for targeted accounts and channels of distribution both domestically and internationally.  • Assists in the product development objectives and manages timelines for all phases of product development and introduction to market. Participates in all activities involved with the process of bringing a successful product line to market in a timely and profitable manner. Reviews progress continually through product life cycle to ensure attainment of objectives.    • Contributes in the technical product development, estimates of potential profits, and release to production. Provides financial and technical justification for product selection and definition.  • Responsible for keeping and updating the product line plans and coordinating and developing marketing, sales, engineering, and financial plans for product line strategy.  • Assists in research, preparation and execution of presentations of the product line to Sales and Upper Management and Key Accounts.  Qualifications  Requirements for the position include:  • 3+ years of footwear related experience.  • Global mindset and high level of understanding of the product creation process.        






2-4-years-experience-needed