Marketing/Communications Content Team Lead    Primary responsibility; generating great team content for Marketing, web, print and social media     Job Description/Responsibilities:  Priority Dispatch Corps’ in-house Marketing and Communications Department is looking for a motivated, multi-talented content team lead with emphasis in writing marketing/PR/web/ editorial content for a wide array of digital and print (web, blog posts, social media, bi-monthly magazine, Ads, and various newsletters).     Responsibilities {Post training}:  • Guardian of style and must ensure that all customer-facing content adheres to usage and standards instituted in the editorial style guide and is free of errors and typos  • Excel in writing polished PR, marketing, web, and editorial copy  • Understanding of marketing and PR principles  • Build relationships with blogger, publishers & journalists based on our clients‘ industries  • Team lead content staff including: Assigning projects, maintaining the editorial production calendar, meeting dept. deadlines, editorial departments grammatical accuracy, clarity, completeness, appropriateness for intended audience, and conformity to established standard format guidelines, lead meetings to create the editorial content calendar,  • Manages multiple deadlines on a daily basis,   • Major contributor to the strategy meetings for web, PR, marketing, and social media  • Takes disparate initial drafts of documents from others and transform them into polished, cohesive, and complete documents. This includes following up with others to flush out missing details or clarify any ambiguities    Required skills/competencies/qualities:  • Desired Education: Bachelors in PR, Marketing, Communications, English, or related major   • Experience: 4+ years of content writing for both traditional and digital communications and  2+  as a team leader   • Proven performance-driven, focused, leadership attitude and abilities   • Exceptional writing skills and experience crafting content for the web, PR, marketing, and social media  • Successful record of handling multiple, simultaneous projects and deadlines  • Strict attention to writing detail (grammar, consistency, spelling, punctuation, Brand and Voice, and editorial style guide)  • In-depth knowledge of Associated Press (AP) Stylebook  • Firm knowledge of basic Web principles, writing web marketing and editorial content  • Very basic HTML or image editing experience {Desired}  • Administrator/moderator of a forum or blog (A bonus)  • Strong background in marketing and PR a plus    Essential Job Functions:  • Organizing and coordinating information and deadlines  • Problem-solving  • Creating written communication  • Frequent computer and telephone use  • Sitting for long periods of time  • Concentrating for long periods of time    Growth Opportunities:   Priority Dispatch Corp is a thirty year-old internationally expanding company, merit based opportunities are abundant for new family members (employees) who meet or exceed position performance metrics.    Fringe Benefits:   Excellent health and dental, 401K, long and short term disability, life insurance, holiday/vacation, merit based bonuses, business casual dress, free UTA multi-pass.     Location:  Downtown Salt Lake City, Utah.    Compensation:  Market competitive.    Portfolio/samples:  Please attach three sample of your writing and formal resume to your reply along with your LinkedIn page    To Apply  Email resume, salary requirements, and samples of your writing.  Our company thanks all candidates for their interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted.  No phone calls or drop-ins please.    Our Company:  Priority Dispatch Corp. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are a small, fast-growing provider of consulting, training, and software products for the public safety market.  Priority Dispatch is based in the U.S. in downtown Salt Lake City, Utah. We offer a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, and matching 401K programs, etc.    Priority Dispatch Corp. (PDC) provides comprehensive, integrated solutions for Police, Fire and Medical emergency dispatching. We incorporate the National Academies of Emergency Dispatch approved Priority Dispatch System® in all our products. PDC offers multi-agency emergency dispatching ProQA® Software, as well as a card-set version, AQUA® quality improvement software, training, consulting, and Academy accreditation support.






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job