PART-TIME positions available for certified massage therapist with exceptional  massage and people skills. Make a difference in people's lives by providing massage to clients in an integrative health care setting. Please see details below.  FULL-TIME 50/50 position available for certified massage therapist with exercise related experience such as yoga, Pilates, personal training, exercise science, or athletic training. Please see details below.  *At Wellspring Health Center you'll enjoy:* -Schedules that fit your life - No weekend hours -Ability to earn a great living doing what you love -Opportunities for advancement -Well-stocked state of the art massage suites -Orientation and motivational in-house team training -Engaged management and front desk associates to cheer you on and manage your clientele -Community outreach and marketing programs that attract high quality clientele  *Wellspring Health Center therapists are employees, not independent contractors, so we can offer:* -An hourly rate paid for all hours worked (not just for massage hours) -Health Insurance -Paid Vacation and Sick Days (PTO) -Liability Insurance Coverage  *Wellspring Health Center offers incentive plans and bonuses based on performance including:* -Performance bonuses -Service upgrade commission -Annual reviews for base-rate increases -No city licensing fees  *Wellspring Health Center is currently hiring for:*  PART-TIME therapist with deep tissue and hot stone massage skills to provide problem focused 30-minute sessions to our clients and patients during the hours of Monday - Thursday 8:00 am - 6:30 pm, Friday 8:00am - 5:30 pm.   FULL-TIME 50/50 position is available which includes a 50/50 split between massage sessions half day and assisting physical therapy dept half day. Must have exercise related experience such as personal training, yoga, Pilates or other exercise related certification or degree to be eligible for this position. Hours are Monday - Thursday 8:00 am - 6:30 pm, Friday 8:00am - 5:30 pm.  Please email resume and cover letter noting full-time or part-time preference to Gary S. No phone calls please.   We look forward to meeting you!  _Wellspring Health Center is an equal opportunity employer located in the vibrant city of Hopkins. Hopkins is a friendly, established community located 10 miles west of downtown Minneapolis between Edina, Eden Prairie and Minnetonka._






hourly-wage licence-needed