*Essential Functions:* • Create, maintain and support extensive build and test environments (Development/Integration/Staging) • Create, review, publish and manage formal release notification, instructions, deployment notes and launch plans as needed • Support and enhance build and release processes through automation using a combination of processes, existing tools and enhancements. • Coordinate release activities with Release Management, Project Management, QA, and Web Development teams to ensure a smooth and trouble-free roll out of releases • Manage, deploy and support multiple concurrent releases through various test environments • Manage and maintain multiple test environments, ensuring that these environments are properly setup, configured, and available for each project as scheduled. • Trace complex build problems, release issues and environment issues in a multi-component environment • Develop, maintain and enhance key parts of the release procedures and processes. Communicating and educating those aspects to management and other stakeholders where applicable. • Regular, dependable attendance and punctuality  *Qualifications:* • Solid understanding and practical experience of Agile SDLC, with particular emphasis on release engineering functions and the DevOps philosophy • Experience working with rapid, overlapping product release cycles • Excellent customer service attitude, communication skills (written and verbal), and interpersonal skills • Experience working in cross-functional, multi-location teams • Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills • Ability to be flexible and adapt to any given situation • In-depth understanding of the principles and best practices of Software Configuration Management • Ability to work under pressure and in high stress situations with a calm demeanor • Willingness to work evenings and weekends in support of builds and deployments  *Required:* • 5+ years in Linux/Unix Release Engineering role - Experience with building and deploying J2EE based applications - Experience with isolating build/deployment issues versus code issues. - Ability to perform Linux/Unix general system maintenance • 4+ years experience working with and administration of web server technologies ( JBoss/Websphere) • 3+ years source control tool experience (e.g. Subversion, GIT, Clearcase) • 3+ years build automation experience (e.g. Anthill Pro, IBM Urban Code Deploy, Hudson, Cruisecontrol) • 3+ years build tools experience (e.g. Ant, Ivy, Maven, etc.). • 3+ years of Perl, Ruby and/or UNIX shell scripting • 2+ years SQL experience • 1+ years experience administering and configuring Apache/Tomcat • Experience in Source Code Branching and Merging • Hands on knowledge programming in HTML and XML • Hands on experience with Subversion merge tools • Experience using major relational databases (e.g. Oracle, DB2)  *Desirable Technical Skills:* • Experience setting up Continuous Integration (Hudson / Jenkins preferred) • Familiarity with submitting files via SFTP, SCP, PGP, or general data encryption knowledge. • Deployment automation experience (e.g. JBoss ON, scripted workflows, AnthillPro, uDeploy, etc.) • Hands on web or mobile development experience (Objective C, Java/JSP, HTML5/XML) • Infrastructure automation experience (e.g. Chef, Puppet, etc.) • Experience implementing or using Continuous Delivery methodologies. • Internet / E-Commerce application development experience






