Production Supervisor with Lean Manufacturing expertise-   We are seeking a professional that can further enhance the Lean Manufacturing standards and methods throughout the plants. In this critical position, you will foster a continuous improvement mindset while producing high quality products and managing cost.  Your accountabilities…  • Manage a team of 30 plus employees in the sawmill operation including scheduling and assigning work, developing daily task lists and leading accountability meetings  • Lead and develop the team to be excellent problem solvers with the ability to provide the highest quality products and services, with the shortest lead-times at the lowest cost  •  Augment a mindset and systematic process that demonstrates continuous improvement, QMS and Lean Manufacturing throughout the plant   • Make safety a priority and develop the highest level of safety standards and procedures  • Enrich sustainable, transparent and measurable quality management system (QMS) in the production flow, process and procedures.    • Utilize metrics/KPI’s to measure success  • Manage the production flow and weekly log consumption for the sawmill   • Ensure high quality care, operation and maintenance of all equipment and assess mechanical or material flow issues  •  Strengthen a forecasting production model that includes cost analysis and  resource planning to support current and future needs   • Participate in cross functional development projects for expansion or reduction of sawmill layout including research of modern technology and equipment   • Actively participate in cross functional meetings including:  correlation meetings, department / plant meetings and safety meetings  • Build and maintain critical relationships with site  and corporate partners including planer, log yard, maintenance/clean up, shipping, boilers, kilns,  finance and human resources   Your qualifications…  • Associates or higher degree and/or equivalent training and experience in a technical or management discipline   • Minimum of 5 years supervisory experience in a manufacturing environment  • Problem resolution, safety and continuous improvement expertise  • Solid expertise in lean manufacturing and other highly disciplined concepts  • Experience TPM, Synchronous Manufacturing and Kaizen concepts a plus   • Solid understanding of optimization equipment and maintenance  • Strong technical aptitude with ability to perform basic mathematical calculations  • Outstanding people management and leadership capability  • Demonstrated ability to successfully coach and develop employees  • Proven ability to develop relationships and influence across multiple organizations   • Proficiency in MS Office Suites (Excel, Word, Outlook, Power Point)    The Talence Group, LLC is a recruiting firm that has been retained to conduct this search by a leader in the forest products and natural resources industry.  They have over 600 employees and several locations across Idaho, Oregon and Washington.  Our client hires people that are passionate about what they do every day, have a desire to make a difference and thrive in a team environment.  They reward their employees through outstanding compensation, benefits and a great place to work!  As an equal employment opportunity company, we value the diversity of individuals, ideas, perspectives, insights and values, and what they bring to the workplace.  Applications are welcome from all qualified candidates.  We maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.  






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed associate-needed