Becoming a Best Beverage Equipment team member is a perfect opportunity for a rewarding career. Our technicians build strong customer relationships while working on specialized equipment. We want candidates that are willing to be trained and hungry to learn a trade with a desire to succeed. We train you to be BEST in the in the industry!  We are growing constantly and value good people! Our company culture is vibrant, with a positive, customer comes first attitude.  Beverage Equipment Technician for Jackson, TN Appliance Technicians Encouraged to Apply Full time - mostly days, some odd hours required  SEE INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO APPLY BELOW  If you like daily interaction with customers and being the hero that restores caffeine fixes to sleepy office workers by repairing their coffee machine; if you don't mind tons of driving and some late nights PLUS you're technically inclined - this may just be the perfect match for you!  The position requires that the candidate be dependable and honest. Technical skills, good driving record, aptitude with tools and navigating a laptop required. Drug testing will be administered before hire. Extensive training, driving or riding with another employee, on site and off site work time required.  Experience or training on any of the following equipment is preferred (not required) and will bring a higher pay rate: Bunn, Bunn-O-Matic, Wilbur Curtis, coffee or tea brewers, espresso machines or grinders, beer systems, soda or ice machines, water filtration, Franke, Mastrena, Verismo, etc.  Training will be 1-3 months and will require commuting to Memphis and surrounding areas to meet the trainer. After training we issue you a company vehicle and your travel time is paid.  RELOCATION PACKAGES AVAILABLE FOR THE RIGHT CANDIDATE TO SEVERAL DIFFERENT AREAS OF THE U.S.  Experienced in the industry but not in one of our target hiring areas? Apply anyway! We are hiring in several markets not listed here. If you have experience and training we want to talk to you!  *When applying please include a short statement explaining what drew you to apply for this position, why you'd be an awesome team member, any industry experience or related experience you might have, and what town you live in currently (and let us know you read the part about training in Memphis area).






full-time-job