Contractor needed for 1 year Administrative support assignment in Springfield, NJ. M-F, 8am-4:30pm working in customer solutions supporting one or more managers. Excellent typing skills and a valid Driver’s License & reliable means of transportation are REQUIRED. Must have Microsoft Word/Excel experience. Will be handling:   Administrative position providing a wide variety of detailed administrative duties supporting all of Customer Operations, including Field Operations, CSC, Billing, Customer Contact and Marketing. Performs secretarial, clerical and administrative duties such as maintaining appointments, organizing local meetings/events, SAP data entry, expense reporting, making travel and conference arrangements. Prepares correspondence, maintains records, creates and maintains charts, graphics, spreadsheets and databases for the department. Responds to a wide variety of requests by researching information and conducting some analysis. Additional responsibilities include working with issues that often are sensitive and in nature; tracking work assignments to ensure timely completion; maintenance of personnel files, local files and confidential correspondence; maintenance of calendars; itineraries, department schedules; inputting time in SAP and maintenance of P-Card documentation & controls.  Essential:  • High school diploma or equivalent. • Must be able to work with minimal guidance using a high degree of judgment. • Strong oral and written communication skills and proven ability to perform multiple tasks and assignments. Must have the ability to retain highly confidential information. • Proven proficiency in the use of SAP and PC applications. • Must have excellent keyboarding skills and the ability and willingness to learn new software programs. • Must also possess a high degree of initiative, professionalism and self-motivation in identifying and accomplishing tasks. • Proven ability to work independently, meet deadlines and work under pressure. Must be able to communicate effectively with all levels of the organization. • Must possess and maintain a valid driver’s license. • Work Core Hours, Travel to various work locations within customer operations, as needed.






full-time-job