*Lucid Fusion* is looking for a *Social Media Manager* to join our growing team!  Lucid Fusion (www.example.com) is a rapidly growing, fast paced digital agency producing strategic marketing services for some of the strongest and most intriguing brands within fashion, sports, health services, and nutrition. Located in beautiful Orange County, Lucid Fusion seeks to inspire action with every project we take on.  The Lucid Fusion team consists of a diverse mix of both top-tier development and creative talent who are passionate about digital marketing and brand integrity. We've built an environment that both values team dynamics and rewards individual effort. It's where you can live your passion for all things digital and social media!  The Social Media Manager position is designed to give you the opportunity to work within the LF Social department, where you will be developing and executing social media strategies and engagement tactics across multiple channels. You will be an appointed administrator for clients and corporate social media communities. As a central part of our Social Team, you will also be responsible for establishing relationships and seeding content through bloggers social networks. A strong understanding of social media and online community trends/ technology is a must.  *Responsibilities:* • Strategy. • Assist with creation, conception, and execution of social media strategy and integrated marketing campaigns. • Interpret the direction of strategy/planning and creative leads. • Communicate and coordinate client service, production and strategy/planning teams. • Ensuring that community strategy supports overall brand goals and objectives. • Management/Moderation. • Listening & Reporting. • Identify and engage with influencers on a daily basis. • Summarize insights and conversations to create actionable, client-facing reports that lead to optimization. • Create and maintain Content Calendars, including writing Facebook Status Updates.  • Publish relevant content in accordance with Content Calendar. • Review user generated comments and posts in a quick and timely manner. • Respond to comments, when appropriate, in order to foster a positive community and add value to the user experience. • Enforce the Social Media Guidelines as defined by the brand. • Escalate User Generated Content, where appropriate, to internal and client stakeholders.  *Other Responsibilities may include:* • Manage client relationships and serve as the client’s main point of contact on select projects. • Assist with creation of blogger lists and outreach. • Own and lead projects from proposal through post-mortem. • Work collaboratively with all Lucid Fusion teams to ensure seamless results. • Create budgets, timelines and proposals. • Support the Director in larger, global campaigns. • Contribute to sales and new business processes. • Create project deliverables when needed. • Understand our client’s needs, brands and industries. • Proactive problem solving.  *Requirements:* 2-3 years Social Media/Digital PR or other relevant experience A passion for digital and social media A desire to work in a collaborative, growing agency Ability to manage several projects and accounts simultaneously Celebrity/Athlete/Blogger relationships a plus Strong client-centric English writing and presentation skills Strong organizational skills and detail orientation Experience working on a Mac and proficiency in Keynote, Pages and Numbers Experience working with fashion or sports brands is a plus 






supervising-job 2-4-years-experience-needed