Quincy Compressor LLC makes and sells the highest quality air compressors and vacuum pumps. Our products are used around the world in manufacturing plants, hospitals, climate control systems and any application that requires reliable air assistance. We are currently seeking a Design Engineer. This position will be based out of our Bay Minette, AL location, near the beautiful Gulf Coast.    *Job description*    Basic Function:  The Design Engineer, Large Rotary Products, designs and develops the rotary and cost competitive air compressor systems or packages excluding the airend.    Nature & Scope:  Within the limits of Group, Corporate policy and authority delegated by the Supervisor, Large Rotary Products, the Design Engineer designs and develops innovative and cost competitive rotary units, and performs any other necessary product design or support functions at the Bay Minette, AL facility.    Principle Duties:  • Design the screw compressor system and system components, such as the inlet filter, oil separator, oil cooler, after-cooler, air or gas piping system, oil piping system and related pneumatic and fluid dynamic controls etc.  This design shall include the related heat balance analysis, fluid dynamic analysis, strength analysis and any other necessary analysis.  • Complete the P&ID or flow schematic drawings for any compressor packages.  The flow schematic drawing shall be supported by the necessary calculation and analysis.  Work with suppliers to specify and select any required mechanical component.  • Complete the detailed layouts for the compressor packages.  • Perform the design work with designer(s) as necessary.  • Review and check the drawings completed by designers, and take the responsibility for the design.  • Design the compressor canopies and compressor skids.  • Understand the engineering economics and conduct the efficiency and cost and reliability analysis.  • Apply the theory of screw compressors and their systems and develop the experience and knowledge to support the compressor applications and the productions.  • Complete the Bill of Materials for compressor systems and canopies.  • Actively involve the product innovation team and communicate any necessary information from the end users for the purpose of the product innovation.  • Complete any mechanical engineering related tasks assigned by his or her supervisor.  • Prepare the technical literature necessary for the release of product documentation such as the instruction manual, spare part book, service diagrams, etc...  • Prepare the technical instructions for production assembly and field service maintenance operations.  • Perform follow- up tests in the laboratory.  • Assist the Quality Department in the field quality resolution process.  • Conduct some small design projects.    Accountability:  The Design Engineer, Large Rotary Products of Quincy Compressor is accountable to the Supervisor, Large Rotary Products for the fulfillment of his responsibilities and for their proper interpretation.  He may delegate to members of his organizations appropriate portions of his responsibility together with commensurate authority for their fulfillment; but he may not relinquish or delegate his overall responsibility for results not any portion of his accountability.    Education and Experience:  • Bachelor or Master Degree in mechanical, thermal or electro-mechanical engineering  • Knowledge of thermodynamics, heat transfer, fluid dynamics, mechanics of materials, fabrication processes, sound and vibration principles, and sheet metal and structural design on packages.   • Knowledge and/or experience in compressors and their systems is a plus.  • Ability to use Pro-E and Pro-Detail for all kinds of drawings and designs    Job Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities:  • Knowledge of product structures and costing methods.   • Must be creative, innovative, cost driven, have good hands-on practical mechanical skills and be able to work in a team environment.  • Team player    *Benefits *  Quincy Compressor offers competitive salary and benefits to our employees:  • Health, dental, life and disability plans   • 401(k) plan.   • Paid vacation and holidays     *Diversity*  Quincy Compressor is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring or employment related decisions because of race, color, sex, religion, national origin, age, disability, sexual preference, genetic information or any other protected class. Job promotions at Quincy Compressor will be based on such factors as quality of work, prior job performance, attendance, safety record, and ability to work well with others.  






bs-degree-needed salary