POSITION SUMMARY:    In support of the Executive Team, provides leadership and management for planning and business development activities of the organization to ensure the effective and efficient achievement of short-term and long-term business plans.    As part of the Executive Team, functions as the project lead for monitoring industry and public policy trends, advising on the organization’s business position and leading the response of strategic development opportunities.  Acts as a program lead for projects assigned by the Executive Director.      TYPICAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES: (*: The non-essential functions)    •Working with the Executive Team will facilitate formulation of short/long term program goals and business development activities to ensure the effective and efficient achievement of business plans.  •Monitors, analyzes, and reports on community/industry trends effecting behavioral health care service development and delivery.  Understands the organization’s present/future competitors and positioning.  •Provides leadership to Executive staff to develop new business opportunities and negotiate new service contracts, program development, service delivery methods and metrics.  •Acts at the point person or project lead for newly developing programs until they can be turned over to the appropriate department head.  •Works with Executive team to identify and analyze revenue models and product line goals.  •Acts in support of Executive team by reporting on county, state and national legislative and regulatory initiatives impacting behavioral health care and related services funding.  •Creates and nurtures strong and active relationships with payors, legislative staff, county and state leaders.  •Conducts and presents results of surveys results which define the organization’s competitive status in the market.    Education, Training, and Experience:    •MPH, MBA or MS human service field  •10 years experience in a senior management position related to business planning and public policy development.  •Strong working knowledge of child and family services, behavioral health care trends and non-profit sector business.    Knowledge and Skills:    •Advanced writing, reading and verbal skills.  •Understanding and sensitivity to working with culturally diverse populations.  •Experience in coaching and counseling senior managers in business development practices.  •Ability to work independently, collaboratively and as part of a team.  •Excellent analytical skills.   •Demonstrated experience in strategic and long-range operational planning.  •Computer competency in Microsoft Office Applications.    Special Requirements:    •Must be able to meet and receive a criminal records clearance as required by Title XXII licensing regulations.  •DMV Clearance.  •TB Test.  






ms-or-phd-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed