JOB DESCRIPTION:      The ideal Delivery Driver candidate for this position will have a valid and unrestricted driver's license, be physically able to perform all associated duties, MUST HAVE A CLEAN DRIVERS RECORD PERIOD.    The following is a representative list of the duties and responsibilities associated with this position:  General Position Responsibilities:   --  Check invoices to ensure that the parts ordered were correctly pulled for delivery to the customer.   --  Account for cash on COD (Collect on Delivery) orders and maintain an accurate and detailed delivery log.   --  Assist with checking in store orders and stocking products on the shelves.   --  Cleaning and routine maintenance functions for the delivery vehicle and the store.   --  Adhere to all safety rules, including the handling of hazardous materials.    --  Able to establish and maintain good relations with customers by providing courteous, efficient and professional service.   --  Have a well-groomed and neat appearance.   --  Enjoy working with people in a fast-paced setting; be competitive yet has the ability to work calmly under pressure.   --  Occasionally operate heavy machinery as needed.   --  Other duties as assigned.    Deliver Parts   --  Be sure correct parts are delivered to the right place.   --  Handle cash/charge transactions correctly.   --  Handle core/part returns appropriately.   --  Maintain a delivery log or tracking system to record all deliveries/pickups made.   --  Ensure the security of company assets, vehicles, merchandise, building/property and personnel.   --  Provide pickup service for machine shop when instructed.    Maintain Customer Satisfaction   --  Provide timely deliveries.   --  Know where to park and who to contact at customer’s location.   --  Utilize effective communication skills.   --  Report any problems immediately to store management.   --  Apologize to customer if there is a problem.   --  Ask about any other needs and thank the customer for using Y.B.H.    Maintain Professional Attitude, Conduct and Appearance    --  Demonstrate a pleasant, helpful personality.   --  Follow YBH appearance and dress standards.   --  Take initiative to assist others with store duties.    Please call  XXX  or apply in person. (ask for Lee Erfer)    






