JOB SUMMARY  This is an internal quick paced insurance service position with responsibility to provide consistent, accurate daily routine processes. This involves requesting policy changes, performing time sensitive documents upon client request and preparing policies for timely delivery to our clients. Performance will involve working closely with our Client Managers and team to ensure the best customer service possible.   JOB RESPONSIBILITIES  • Perform policy set up in a timely manner • Process the following items on a timely basis: audits, endorsements, rewrites, cancellations, certificates, auto id cards • Process the following correspondence on a timely basis:  monthly reports, driver list requests, company audit requests, cancellation notices • Work with the Client Manager on account discrepancies and in researching outstanding policy changes • Sort incoming mail as needed. • Sets desk priorities to achieve service timelines. • Follow-up on outstanding items on the expiration list. • Perform other similar or related duties   JOB REQUIREMENTS  Education: High School Diploma. Minimum of 1 year of commercial insurance experience or 3 years of work experience. Licenses: No license is required; willing and able to obtain a license preferred.  Skills/Competencies:  • Effective written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to communicate with remote clients, locations, and vendors.  Demonstrated ability to deliver highly technical and complex information to less technical individuals.  Strong client service and phone skills are a must. • Strong active listening skills with the ability to ask thoughtful and probing questions in order to determine a client’s needs.  Must be detail oriented with effective follow-up skills. • Proven time management skills are necessary. Must demonstrate the ability to manage multiple priorities, deliver timely and accurate work products with a customer service focus, and respond with a sense of urgency as required.  Works well under pressure. • Must be highly proficient in the use of personal computers and supporting software in a Windows based environment, including MS Office products (Word, Excel, PowerPoint); experience using agency management software strongly preferred, knowledge of Applied is ideal.  Should be knowledgeable in the use of intranet and internet applications.  • Demonstrated ability to function effectively as a team-oriented self-starter in a high visibility client environment. • Proven ability to exercise sound judgment and strong problem solving skills. • Must demonstrate professional and ethical business practices, adherence to company standards, and a commitment to personal and professional development. • Must be able to demonstrate basic business knowledge/acumen skills






2-4-years-experience-needed