Mars Labs LLC, an established company specializing in the design of data acquisition systems, is growing, developing new products and new markets and is seeking a Senior Electronics Technician who is interested in growing with us.  For over 10 years Mars Labs has provided the military and commercial manufacturing companies with data acquisition solutions for the mechanical testing of vehicles and heavy equipment, both the lab and in field testing.  We have a culture of innovation and provide every employee with the opportunity to cultivate their expertise, learn new skills and be a part of an interdisciplinary team environment.    Position Summary:   The Senior Electronics Technician will be responsible for building, testing and repairing standard product, test fixtures and assisting with prototype development. The ideal candidate will have a working knowledge of digital/analog circuits, good soldering and assembly skills, and strong troubleshooting (to component level) and problem solving skills.   Principal Accountabilities:   1. Develop and maintain an in-depth technical understanding of Mars Labs products. 2. Actively participate in new product ideas and development. 3. Approve incoming materials by confirming orders, conducting visual and measurement tests. 4. Document inspection results through reports and logs, and summarize re-work and waste statistics. 5. Ensure in-process production quality by reviewing specifications, conducting visual and measurement tests, documenting and making required adjustments. 6. Approve finished products by conducting visual and measurement tests, returning products for re-work and verifying re-worked items. 7. Perform technical and statistical investigation of quality issues and develop recommendations for improvement. 8. Ensure the upkeep and calibration of measurement instruments. 9. Ensure that projects meet customer requirements and quality standards. 10. Contribute to a dynamic lab environment.    Qualifications:   1. Excellent attention to detail, record keeping and team work abilities required. 2. Excellent organization and documentation skills required. 3. BS in mechanical, electrical, or computer engineering preferred. 4. 3+ years of applications experience in mechanical, automotive or vehicle testing preferred.  Benefits:  Mars Labs offers competitive compensation and comprehensive benefits. Relocation considered for the right person. 






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed