Stor-All Storage one of the largest privately held self-storage companies in the U.S. is looking to hire someone to oversee our Property Services department which includes a portfolio of 43 properties. This position is located at our Corporate Headquarters in Deerfield Beach, Florida with direct responsibility of properties located in Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, Virginia and Colorado.   Required Experience:  Must have at least 2+ years of experience in the Property Management industry including contract negotiations, methods and materials used in properties and construction.     Must have experience delegating employees, contractors and vendors but capable and willing to jump in to get the job done.    Computer literate with knowledge of computer- aided facility management software    Preferred:  Construction License(s)    Some travel required    Job Description:    The position of “Head of Property Services” has daily contact with on-site managers and contractors and therefore is a key participant. The main functions of the position include:    • Prioritize and schedule maintenance and operations projects.   • Ensure quality and responsiveness of maintenance and operations activities.   • Review plans and specifications and recommend changes as necessary; recommend need for and methods of altering existing facilities.   • Approve work order requests; determine appropriate strategies (in-house -vs- contracting out).   • Communicate with vendors, contractors, and State and County inspectors      • Experience in safety regulations and codes   • Track status or work / project completion and maintenance and operations activities  • Budget development and fiscal management  • Developing and maintaining relationships with vendors, negotiating pricing, collaborating on approved vendor list.  • Laws affecting construction and repair of facilities.  • Working with the on-site Managers in managing all maintenance-related and capital improvement activities within an assigned property.   • Initiating, performing & overseeing maintenance projects.   • Assisting team leaders in carrying out the implementation of various policies, standards, procedures and programs relating to the overall maintenance and upkeep of the properties.   • Handling a variety of facility maintenance requirements.   • Works with on-site Manager to meet and exceed the needs of the facility  This position offers health, dental, and optical benefits. You will start accruing vacation and personal time 90 days after employment. You also have the opportunity to participate in the company's 401K program after 6 months of employment. We are a drug free work environment so a drug test is required. We also perform a background test.     Please include your salary expectations with you resume and/or cover letter.            






2-4-years-experience-needed