Full Time position available as Sterile Processing Tech for busy Orthopedic ASC. Certification required.   Demonstrates knowledge of proper disinfect ion and cleaning of surgical instruments. Proper use of personal protective equipment.  Follows the manufacturer’s recommendation for cleaning methods and machinery.  Demonstrates knowledge of the proper assembly and packaging methods of surgical instrumentation to ensure a barrier is maintained and aseptic presentation is facilitated.  Demonstrates knowledge regarding the loading of items to provide maximum efficiency and minimize the risk of damage to items.  Monitors and verifies each cycle prior to the load being released for storage and distribution. Reports any system failures to supervisor.  Monitors and removes from service any faulty disinfect ion/sterilization equipment.  Knowledge of surgical instrumentation  Able to identify the need for sterility maintenance of processed items by correct handling, transit, and storage.  Maintains rotation of stock, ensuring that items processed first are issued first.  Correctly uses and maintains necessary documentation  Maintains an adequate inventory of supplies keeping cost effectiveness as a priority.  Legal/Safety  Demonstrates ability to follow all safety standards  Demonstrates knowledge of regulatory and licensure agency standards.  Working Relationships  Communicates effectively with members of the team, families, patients and visitors.  Accepts/provides feedback in a positive and constructive manner  Avoids gossip and keeps excessive, chatter to a minimum in patient care area.  Maintains attendance and punctuality at work.  Exercises courtesy when dealing with team members.  Quality Improvement  Participates in quality improvement activities  Participates in the development of goals and attainment of goals for the facility  Maintains professional conduct and appearance  Collaborates with manager during annual appraisal to develop personal goals and to assess achievement of previous goals.  MINIMALLY REQUIRED EDUCATION, TRAINING, AND/OR EXPERIENCE High school graduate or equivalent Two-years experience as sterile processing technician Certification in Sterile Processing






full-time-job 2-4-years-experience-needed