Smith/Packett is a healthcare development and investment firm specializing in design, development, financing, marketing, strategic planning and operations for the Seniors Housing & Care Industry. This includes Skilled Nursing Facilities, Assisted Living Properties, Independent Living Properties as well as related senior living campus development projects. Smith/Packett is nationally recognized and enjoys a longstanding and valued reputation in this industry. Smith/Packett's primary market concentration is within the Southeast Region of the United States, www.example.com.   Smith/Packett is currently looking for a Development Project Coordinator to assist in providing management oversight of all aspects of planning and developing new senior housing projects, including nursing homes, assisted living facilities, retirement communities and acquisition of senior housing projects. Responsibilities include assisting management in the planning and developing from project inception through construction completion and certificate of occupancy, coordinating site selection process including: utility availability, zoning, compliance, site plan approval process and identifying site development issues (i.e., soil conditions, rock, set backs, topography, etc.), directing the project through the site planning approval process to obtain all necessary permits to develop the project, overseeing/developing preliminary site plans and master plans for presentation, cost evaluations and planning purposes, coordinating and directing rezoning or special permit requests with local municipality, civil engineer, attorneys and neighbors, attending public and neighborhood meetings as necessary, providing support in the process of certificate of public need (COPN) procurement, including application, public support, and public hearings, and conduct research and market feasibility for each new market and product utilizing an in-house marketing model and on-site visits.   Qualified candidates should be a graduate of a four-year degree program related to real estate development or construction. Graduates of a business administration degree will also be considered. Graduates from an MBA program preferred. Prefer three years or more of experience in assisting or supervising the development of projects. Construction project management will also be considered. Excellent command of MS Word and Excel required. Excel power user desired. Willingness to travel. Ability to work under pressure and coordinate numerous activities and groups of people who need to cooperate to achieve maximum efficiency. Good oral and written communication skills.   Competitive salary and benefit package offered commensurate with experience.






supervising-job bs-degree-needed