About InfoSec Institute:  InfoSec Institute is the premier provider of information security instructor led training. Founded and managed by leading experts in the field of information security, our customers include the federal government, military and Fortune 500 companies. InfoSec has provided training in the last 12 months to the CIA, FBI, NSA, Sandia National Labs, Microsoft, JP Morgan-Chase, Amgen, Intel and many others top organizations. InfoSec Institute is a stable, growing business located in Elmwood Park, IL.  Description: Under general supervision, plans and implements curriculum and educational programs for students within the online training program, as well as occasionally serving as a backup ILT instructor.   Supports students in online courses with webinars, direct answers to student questions, and frequent knowledge base updates.    Designs content for students so that learning occurs, skills are developed, and students are motivated to learn and achieve their educational objectives.  Requirements  Experience: 4+ years of Information Technology and Information Security Experience 1+ years of Adult Education experience   Education: Bachelor's degree in CIS, MIS, IT, and/or appropriate skill level in related field.   Certification in one or more of the following areas is required: A+, Network+, Linux+, Security+, CCNA, CCNP, MCP, MCSE, MCITP, CEH, CPT, and CISSP.   Skills: Excellent teaching and facilitation skills, and a true inborn desire to aid others in learning Knowledge and experience installing, maintaining and troubleshooting many common information technology systems, including Microsoft, Cisco and Linux technologies Knowledge and experience with information security best practices including: encryption, application security, penetration testing, computer forensics Ability to evaluate, design, and implement curriculum, testing, and/or teaching methodologies. Ability to make administrative and procedural decisions and judgments on sensitive, confidential issues. Ability to teach effectively with students with diverse skillsets Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing. Knowledge of teaching methods, curriculum, and education programs. Ability to teach and control the behavior of students. Knowledge of academic and/or vocational education curricula Knowledge of and ability to apply relevant current education methodologies and techniques.






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed