*Description:* Responsible for the day-to-day sales and marketing activities in a given territory or with a specific customer in order to meet customer expectations, grow sales volume, and meet financial objectives.  Assist in the development and implementation of sales strategies capable of achieving sales volume and revenue requirements      * Develop market analysis, understanding current issues and implement TCCA strategies in response     * Develop analysis on competition and provide evaluation on pricing of all products in the region     * Identify new products that will increase sales volume with existing customers     * Identify new markets and potential sales and profits     * Identify potential new customers or new divisions of existing customers that allow for profitable growth  Assist in the development of sales forecast by market and product to drive production planning     * Develop and monitor sales plan by customer     * Development of sales forecast for annual budget     * Reforecast on a monthly basis    Accountable for developing and delivering sales volume objectives for each customer that help achieve corporate objectives      * Present annual customer review of Tillamook products sales performance     * Develop advertising programs and sales promotions     * Analyze sale reports (e.g. spending vs. sales by broker, InfoScan/IRI reports, TCCA sales analysis     * Sales calls and presentations   Accountable for developing and delivering net selling price objectives for each product category that help achieve the corporate net earnings      * Responsible for promotional allowances for each customer to maintain profitability for each customer     * Review, process, and approve deductions and claims for the region.     * Maintain and monitor aging report, updating status on cleared MERs versus deductions still to be processed.   Meet customer service levels yielding “customer delight”      * Monitor order fulfillment, warehousing, and transportation activities for all Tillamook products     * Regularly communicate with Director of Sales and accounting departments on all sales and A/R information     * Responsible for providing management reporting and billings for the region     * Responsible for setting, standardizing, and monitoring key measures to improve customer satisfaction   Responsible for broker network of TCCA products in a given territory or customer base      * Set clear vision and strategic direction and objectives     * Responsible for setting, standardizing, and monitoring key measures to improve performance     * Conduct annual reviews of broker’s performance     * Maintain, monitor, and distribute all forms of paperwork (new item authorization sheets, sample requests, etc.) between the broker and TCCA     * Responsible for developing and distributing a monthly newsletter based on broker reports   Conduct retail store audits by region or customer by monitoring pricing compared to competitors (Every Day Price and Advertised or Promoted Price) and by monitoring number of facings and visual appeal of display.  QUALIFICATIONS  * Education and Experience:  * Bachelor’s degree in Marketing or Business Management.  * 5+ years of sales and broker management experience.  * Demonstrated experience calling on customers at their corporate or regional headquarters.  * Job Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:  * Ability to establish and maintain effective relationships with employees, supervisors and the general public.  * Ability to communicate effectively.  * Must be computer literate with basic knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook, SharePoint and Demantra.  * Must be a team player and be able to interact with staff at all levels of the company.  * Must be able to work under pressure, meet deadlines, and be flexible in working on multiple projects simultaneously.  * Excellent time-management skills with the ability to work independently with little supervision.  * Physical Requirements:  Overnight travel is required.  Fulltime role with excellent benefits.  This role will be located near Ohio; city to be determined.  Tillamook County Creamery Association is a Drug-Free Workplace and an Equal Opportunity Employer, which includes disabled veterans, recently separated veterans, other protected veterans, and armed forces service medal veterans.






5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job bs-degree-needed