Oracle Corporation  Job Title: User Experience Developer 3-ProdDev   Organization Name: HSGBU Design Team Department Description  Location: Burlington, MA      Oracle Health Sciences supports the Health Care industry from discovery of new drugs, devices and procedures, all the way to healthcare delivery.  Our culture promotes the constant improvement of our personal and professional skills by sharing with each other the latest research and new technologies available. We've found that enthusiasm, expertise for design, and unflappable energy are key ingredients in our mutual continued success and growth.     In the Design Team we work hard. We support a wide range of projects with a small team.  In addition to competitive salaries, satisfaction comes from having built a fantastic design and knowing that users all over the world will be seeing your work. We value our people, and are committed to providing a respectful work environment with challenges appropriate to your experience and aptitude.    Our projects are wide-ranging and offer talented design professionals wide-ranging creative challenges and demand from them the highest quality of design and execution. You will have the opportunity to work directly with exceptional R&D teams with the power and responsibility to shape the way users interact with their technology. Hospitals, doctors, patients, device & pharmaceutical companies around the world will use the software that you design.  Our software platform is broad ranging from desktop software, to mobile, to the latest web technologies.    Brief Posting Description  Responsible for creating, evaluating and modifying prototypes to support evolving hardware and software application development.  Detailed Description  As a member of the User Experience team, you will develop and apply software design/usability processes in the investigation of technical problems. May develop user profiles, with emphasis on human error control, display issues, visual interaction, physical manipulation and task and objective Analyzes. Provide product usability, evaluation and support to product development teams, including the analysis and investigation of applications/systems including tactile methods, visual graphics, web, multimedia, voice response and conversational user interaction. May assist in developing design concept and implementation, providing input on user design considerations. May produce specifications describing user needs and internal structures for product in development.    Job Requirements  Duties and tasks are varied and complex utilizing independent judgment. Fully competent in own area of expertise. May have project lead role and or supervise lower level personnel. BS or MS degree or equivalent experience relevant to functional area. Typically four years of software engineering or related experience needed.  Additional Details  The Health Sciences industry offers many unique design challenges: Big data sets from all over the world converging on a single point to support time-sensitive insights that impact scientific and medical decisions; providing the right information at the right time in an interactive and immersive way; users who come from all over the world; on and on.     The Design Team within Oracle Health Sciences is growing by pulling together extremely talented people to drive Healthcare, Life Science and Safety products into the future.  The Design Team apply skills in graphic arts, cognitive science, human-computer interaction, research, and software technology to this rapidly evolving market.  Members of the UX team are involved throughout the software development lifecycle, from the requirements gathering, through design conception, to delivery.     Candidates who lack passion or curiosity need not apply.  Our ideal candidates will blend their design and technology skills to imagine new ways for users to work.  Our candidate will be 80% User Experience Designer, 40% User Researcher and 35% Graphic Designer.  Delivery and outcomes are even more important.  Ability to work multiple projects and deliver compelling products quickly and in a shifting world is key. Excellent communication and presentations skills are essential.  Knowledge of healthcare or life sciences services is a plus.   If this sounds like you, we're waiting for you.  






bs-degree-needed supervising-job