Salary (negotiable): Base salary c$76,000. $121,000 with commission (uncapped) + usual big company benefits  Our client is a major international software PLC.  With an enviable global client base including a significant number of Fortune 100 companies our client is going from strength to strength growing both organically and through acquisition.  Our client’s software supports enterprise applications with massive improvement in performance and reduction in risk.   Building on their success and as part of their growth our client is building new inside sales team in Troy and so we are looking for an experienced Inside Sales Manager for this new team. Inside Sales Manager Role We are looking for an exceptional Inside Sales Manager who can show a proven track record of managing and growing successful inside sales teams.  Core skills required include: • Excellent sales leadership skills • Very strong coaching and mentoring skills including the ability to develop people. Experience of managing a graduate sales team would also be beneficial • Ability to put together targeted sales business plans • A successful track record of  lead generation, lead nurturing and conversion • Strong account planning and account management skills • The ability to build and maintain a strong pipeline • Experience of multi channel sales • Ability to create marketing campaigns and execute same • Great commercial acumen • Excellent verbal and written communication skills Ideal background – Inside Sales Manager • At least 5 years sales management experience • A track record of managing a successful inside sales team  • A background in managing a target driven environment • Experience of software license, service and/or maintenance renewal contracts • A background/understanding in of the following is useful: enterprise software, software performance / software optimization, application development etc. But mostly we are looking for great attitude and positive thinking with a real ‘can do’ mentality.  This is an ideal opportunity for someone who wants to join an incredibly successful global business and be part of the next stage of growth.  Our client can offer career progression second to none including the opportunity to work abroad if that is of interest!  And as well as all this there is a very competitive salary package with uncapped earnings.






5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job salary