The Associate Marketing Manager, guided by the company vision, mission, and values, is responsible for delivering and analyzing Internet Marketing Initiatives that produce qualified traffic and grow revenue through effective brand building and customer engagement initiatives.  The successful candidate will have strong interpersonal skills, be highly organized and able to work in a fast paced environment.    *Key Areas:*    • Email Campaigns:  Develop Email schedules, messages and content.  Using history and current trends to identify what the customer wants to hear about.  Master email deployment systems and manage 3rd party relationships.  • Paid Marketing:  Partner with 3rd party agencies to formulate strategies to reach existing and new customers in order to drive qualified traffic to Southmoonunder.com while maintaining Ad Spend goals.  • Analytics:  Develop and effectively manage Marketing reports, drawing insight in to emerging trends and market shifts relative to prior year and new initiatives.  • Events / Sweeps:  What's the buzz?  Developing ways of attracting engagement with our core audience in order to create a holistic representation of who we are as a lifestyle brand.  • New Business Development:  Search out and develop new marketing channels, manage the necessary 3rd party relationships and evaluate near and long-term potential.  • Budget Management:  Oversee and account for the Internet Marketing budgets.  • Effectively interface with other department teams in order to develop sound marketing strategies to support the above responsibilities.  • Advocate new methods of outreach to develop customer engagement, brand development and positioning.    *Skills / Experience:*     • Bachelor’s degree or higher, Marketing or Communications focus  • 2+ years Internet Marketing, preferably in fashion retail  • Organization, Prioritization, Task Management  • Microsoft Office Suite – Excel, Outlook, etc    IF you meet the criteria please forward a cover letter and resume.  Please, no phone calls.    _The above information outlines the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. No Visa Sponsorship available for this position._    _South Moon Under is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to providing a diverse workplace._






bs-degree-needed supervising-job full-time-job