We are the leading manufacturer of RF and microwave laboratory devices, calibration standards and system component. We maintain a state of the art microwave laboratory with the latest test equipment supporting our test and calibration operations.  We offer competitive salaries and a robust benefit packet that includes affordable medical, dental, vision, 401k, life insurance, short-term and long-term disability insurance. We also offer various training programs, education reimbursement as well as growth opportunities within the organization.      Summary:  The Quality Assurance Manager’s primary mission is to help the company meet its business and quality objectives. Quality Assurance Manager will develop, implement and manage a quality control program consistent with world class manufacturing standards that meet or exceed the expectations of our customers and will ensure that the company’s products continue to be the industry benchmark for quality and performance. The Quality Assurance Manager will manage the Quality System certification process (AS 9100 and ISO 9001) and ensure continued compliance to those Quality System Standards.      Essential Duties:  • Drive effectiveness of our Quality Policy by promoting continuous quality improvement, i.e., process evaluations and improvements that result in achievement of our business objectives.  • Responsible for maintaining the Quality System; AS 9100 / ISO 9001 Certification.  • Ensure the Integrity of Document and Data Control; and Specifications and Standards (internal and external) Libraries throughout the company..  • Review customer complaints.  • Perform trend analysis on returned goods, warranty repairs, complaints, manufacturing, inspection, receiving inspection and vendor quality.  • Manage the corrective and preventative action system.  • Supervise Inspection team, including Calibration/Metrology Coordinator(s)    • Plan and implement innovative quality monitoring processes; develop and maintain metrics to ensure fabricated parts and finished products shipped meet high standards and are the best in the industry.  • Ensure applicable quality/calibration standards and mil specs are met.  • Coordinate with Manufacturing/Methods Engineering Departments to develop and execute:  • New quality processes and inspection methods  • Training and Certification programs   • Manage Supplier Quality:  • Coordinate with appropriate Engineering & Manufacturing personnel to ensure new suppliers meet quality standards.  • Monitor supplier on-time and quality performance.  Issue SCARs as warranted (coordinate with Mfg. & Eng. as required).     • Participate in Risk Management. Perform and manage FMEA   • Prepare for and conduct quality audits with customer, third party representatives and internal processes.  • Complete, submit & maintain Customer Quality/Calibration surveys.  • Identify, advise, coordinate, administrate & document Regulatory compliance (RoHs, CE, other).  • Audit and ensure ESD control and records with ESD Control Officer.  • Audit and ensure Hazmat control and records with Hazmat Control Officer.    Requirements:     • Bachelor’s degree preferred; technical discipline preferred.  • 10 years experience in Quality Assurance in a high-technology manufacturing environment, including at least 5 years at the Manager level and familiarity with production processes; Microwave or RF test and measurement experience desirable.  • Proven ability to achieve results and improve quality systems.  • Experience with managing AS9100 ISO 9001 quality systems, certification process and audits.  • Strong leadership and management skills, willing to lead by example.  • Relevant industry certifications and memberships are desirable.  • Effective interpersonal skills – MUST be personable as well as assertive and decisive.  • Excellent presentation and communication skills; verbal and written.  • Proficiency with ERP/MRP systems.  • Proficiency with Microsoft Office® programs.






salary supervising-job full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed