Provide financial and other documentary support for review of new customer credit applications and secure necessary data and information required to determine credit worthiness for current customer credit files. Input data and information and perform customer file maintenance in various systems. Evaluate customer financial, credit and trade information and recommend credit limit based on customers earnings, financial condition, banking data and information, payment history and purchase activity in accordance with WYNIT’s credit policy and practices.  Responsibilities • Proactively work with the WYNIT sales teams and customers to obtain credit data and information. • Process and gather bank and trade information on prospective customers. • Perform background checks on prospective customer accounts. • Investigate and analyze credit risks using available internet and credit agency tools (NACM & D&B) to obtain reports and other data to make credit decisions. • Analyze customer credit data and financial statements to determine the degree of risk involved in extending credit. • Use various software applications to generate financial analysis and ratios used to evaluate customers’ financial status. • Confer with outside credit associations and other business representatives to exchange customers’ credit information. • Review historical activity of customers by compiling and analyzing payment history. • Discuss customers’ financial developments during routine review with Credit Manager and provide recommendations based on credit worthiness. • Consult with customers to resolve complaints and verify financial and credit transactions. • Setup customers accounts within the WYNIT ERP system and maintain account changes as requested by the WYNIT sales teams and external customers. • Assist the WYNIT collections department. • Participate in ad hoc projects and support other management directives. • Assist in establishment of goals, objectives and task and project time lines for the credit team.  Requirements • Bachelors Degree in Accounting or Finance Required. • The ability to apply basic accounting principles in the interpretation of customer financial statements. • Effective speaking, business writing and other professional communication skills. • Demonstrate effective Customer Service Skills. • Proficient in Microsoft applications (Excel, Word, Access), Internet Research, and Customer Relations Database. • Ability to work in a fast paced environment with stressful situations with resourcefulness and initiative. • Ability to accept training, instruction, and change with a positive attitude is essential; Nature of work demands courtesy, tact, professionalism, confidentiality, interpersonal skills, and maturity. • Self starter, team player, ability to follow detailed instruction and work with stringent timelines.






bs-degree-needed