Goss International is a global leader in web offset printing solutions, with a complete product range of newspaper, commercial, and packaging press systems, as well as mailroom and postpress equipment to worldwide markets.  Goss International has been building printing equipment for over a century and is an industry leader in technological innovation.  Goss International has multiple openings for 1st Shift Senior Machinists in Durham, NH.  Summary of Position Responsibility:   Perform machining operations such as turning, milling, drilling, reaming, and tapping to very close tolerances on a wide variety of materials, on CNC machining centers, mills, grinders, and jig mills.  Interpret complex engineering drawings and follow written and oral instructions.  Make all required mathematical calculations without assistance. Use precision measuring instruments to insure that parts produced meet quality standards. Perform duties during machine cycle time such as inspect parts, maintain tooling, debur parts, stamp part numbers, or general housekeeping.  Make difficult set-ups consisting of indicating, leveling, clamping, and blocking.  Determine pick-up points, set stops,   and controls, and check tooling.  Solve complex daily technical problems with little assistance.  Select correct cutting tools & Feeds & Speeds consistent with proper machining practices.  Replace tooling and make machine adjustments to maintain product quality standards.  Create and Edit N/C programs effectively as required. Train and provide guidance to lesser-experienced machinists in all aspects of their duties.  Minimum Qualifications: • Use of advanced trade mathematics together with the use of complicated drawings, specifications, all varieties of precision measuring instruments, CNC equipment, multi-machine work stations. • Equivalent to 1 to 3 years of applied training. • Minimum of 5 years work experience. • Must be Eighteen years of age • Must pass a Drug and Alcohol Test • Must pass a Background Check • Must pass pre-employment tests, if applicable  The selected candidate must pass a pre-placement exam, including drug and alcohol tests and a background check.  Goss International offers competitive wages and a benefits package designed to meet the need of employees.  Qualified applicants can apply on our website (www.example.com) or resumes can be faxed to  XXX , or mailed to Goss International, Human Resources Dept., 121Technology Drive, Durham, NH 03824.  A cover letter including salary requirements are required for faxed or mailed submittals.  Goss International is an equal opportunity employer.






associate-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed