*Distributed Solutions Inc. (DSI)* is seeking qualified candidates to fulfill a Trainer position in DSI’s Reston, VA office. The individual must provide evidence, through verifiable work experience, that the person is:  self-motivated, able to work independently and in a team environment, and possess excellent written, verbal and classroom presentation skills.  The person must provide bona-fide experience in course development (including web-based training development), classroom presentation and teaching at least one automated business solution (for example, Contract Management, Program Management, Financial Management, ERP, HR, , etc.) is preferred. Demonstrated understanding or experience in a U.S. Federal Government’s contracting and/or program management processes is a plus. The candidate should be prepared to complete an impromptu writing exercise as part of the interview.  *Description:* The individual will be responsible for developing training materials and training Federal Government end users on the use of DSI’s automated acquisition management solution. The individual’s specific responsibilities will include:  instructional course development and presentation of materials (including classroom delivery, Webinars and Web-based training (WBT) development). This position reports directly to DSI’s Training Lead.   *Responsibilities:* •  Analyze, define, develop content for new training courses including web-based training •  Assimilate Federal Government acquisition processes within the context of all DSI solutions and effectively instruct end users on DSI’s solutions •  Participate in DSI’s training content peer reviews and pilot projects •  Deliver instructor-led courses for end users and internal DSI staff •  Prepare and setup for training courses (materials and classroom) •  Identify and implement training techniques and course improvements •  Stay current on features and functionality of new DSI solution releases   *Qualifications:* •  Excellent written, verbal and presentation communication skills •  Manage training projects effectively, completing them on time and with first-time quality  •  Exhibit self-direction, setting an example for professionalism in conduct and appearance, training standards, and technology skills •  Bachelor’s or Master's degree or equivalent experience •  3+ years instructor-led training and or course development is mandatory •  3+ year’s Government acquisition experience preferred but not required. •  3+ years experience with MS Office products (MS Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint) •  1+ years experience with Adobe Captivate •  Flexibility to perform training on-site at client locations, both in DC Metro area and nationwide 






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed