*EXPERIENCED OUTSIDE BUSINESS TO BUSINESS SALES PROFESSIONAL   NEEDED IN THE SPRINGDALE AREA!*      *Become Part of One of The Most Exciting, Fast Growing Industries:*    You can easily sell this service to restaurants, delis, pizza shops, bars, retail stores, car washes, salons and MANY other business types!    SenText Solutions provides a SMS / Text Message Marketing service that enables local merchants the ability to capture the cell phone numbers of all their customers so they can send a text message to all their customers at the exact same time about specials, promotions, discounts, etc.    There are currently over 290 Million mobile phone users in the United States alone.  Of these mobile phone users, nearly two-thirds are active users of Text Messaging.   With nearly 91% of all Americans having their cell phone with them at all times, it has become a common sight to see people everywhere with their heads buried in their cell phones!    Text Messaging has become a global phenomenon that has taken over the Telecommunications industry.  Consumers now use cell phones more than PCs and use Text Messaging twice as often as email, forever changing the way we communicate with one another.    Research shows that over 75% of business owners are currently trying to maximize the earning potential by searching for new ways to interact with their existing customers to build and maintain a mutually lucrative relationship.  Across the board, Text Messaging has a high read rate of up to 90% and because it offers a more personal, compelling form of communication, it boasts an outstanding conversion rate of 20%-70%.  Business owners can instantly send up to date information about products and services, which leads to repeat purchases and more business potential from increased referrals.    Now is the perfect time for business owners to jump in on the Text Messaging bandwagon!  Businesses need to learn how to utilize this product to leverage their existing customers to increase their floor traffic, ultimately increasing sales!      You'll be the first to talk to merchants in the Springdale area about this exciting new service!    *SenText Solutions’ Compensation Program Includes:*    •Earn $50,000 - $125,000 your FIRST year!  •Realistically sell 1 to 2 new businesses per day!  •Make up to $175 Commission on every sale!  •Make $175 - $300 per day!  •Make up to $50 per month per merchant per month  •Receive Lifetime Residuals beginning IMMEDIATELY!  •Residuals and Commissions paid every Friday  •We provide all training, sales tools and sales support  •Management opportunities available      *Position Job Responsibilities:*  • Sell to merchants within assigned territory by cold calling, cultivating leads and networking  • Make customized presentations to various merchants to close new business  • Maintain relationship with current key accounts in a specific territory, to include: face to face visits, problem solving and administrative follow-up  • Master extensive knowledge of Text Message / SMS Marketing Industry  • Must use company tools, processes and technologies to manage/grow territory and document activity    *Key Skills and Requirements:*  • 2 years successful and documented B2B sales experience (selling services vs. product is preferred)  • Strong negotiation and communication skills (verbal and written)  • Computer Proficiency in Microsoft Excel (additional experience with a CRM system is preferred)  • Successful academic and professional track record  • Previous experience selling directly to merchants      APPLY TODAY TO LEARN MORE!    






2-4-years-experience-needed