The Agriculture industry is thriving on the use of advancements in Technology. Farmers can now control and gather information from equipment like applicators and field sensors remotely and in “real time” using PCs, Tablets and Smart Phones. And the data obtained from sources like farm and geospatial analysis provides the ability to predict outcomes and make recommendations like never before.   We are building a new product that accomplishes this and more, utilizing the latest and greatest technology – empowering farmers to raise their crops more efficiently, while generating the most amount of revenue in a sustainable way.   The Technical Architect will drive the development of this major new application. We are looking for someone who is able to see “the big picture” – from both a business and technical perspective – to fill this newly-created and exciting role. The successful candidate must understand the underlying business value in order to define the technical and architectural roadmap. Therefore, a proven history of working with large systems or web products will be helpful. Foremost, the Technical Architect must be a proven hands-on software engineer. Experience within different development models and a history of defining and developing products or services are essential. Additionally, the ideal candidate will be able to lead by example – balancing development responsibilities and participation in cross-company efforts, including defining industry standards. Designing, development, and architecture are key responsibilities.  *Basic Qualifications:*  8+ years of software development experience. Experience in C# or Java or C++ or Objective-C. Good understanding of/experience in OOD, SOA and Iterative development processes. BS or MS degree in computer science or equivalent.  *Preferred Qualifications:*  · C#, Asp.net MVC, PostgreSQL, Web Technologies (JavaScript, CSS, HTML5, etc.), Linux, App development for IPhone or IPad, AWS, Geospatial Mapping, Git, Big Data. (BTW, we do use all these technologies.)






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed