iFreedom Direct® is a FHA/VA Lender We Are Rated in the Top 20 for VA Home Loans in the Nation!  We Offer You:  Paid Licensing and Training to Become a Certified Loan Officer  Generous Base Salary + Commission  $55-$80K, Top Producers $100K+ Inbound Leads  Over $21 Billion in Home Loans Since 1996 Pro-Veteran/Military Company  Great People, Great Company! We Nurture Success!  iFreedom Direct® employees strive to give each and every borrower an exceptional customer experience.  Our in-house team of loan officers, processors, underwriters and closers shares one goal: to make the loan process quick and easy.  Military members make up a large part of our demographic. More and more veterans are using their home loan benefits. Come take advantage of this momentum, and feel a great satisfaction in helping those that serve our country.  Candidate Experience:  Sales Performers dedicated to delivering a prizewinning customer experience with 2+ years’ employment in at least one of the following positions:  •Loan Officer with 2+ years experience in Banking, Retail or Direct Lending •Sales Rep with 2+ years experience and above-average sales stats •College Graduate with Business/Finance Degree and sales or call center background •Veteran with 2+ years sales, customer service or call center experience •Real Estate Agent with strong home sale results •Title Sales Rep with solid account productivity  Skills:  •Excellent at Communicating and Relationship Building •Multi-tasker that Thrives in Fast-paced Environment  •Problem Solver •Fast Learner  •PC Savvy •Deal Closer •Team Player  •Organized and Structured •Competitive in Groups and with Self •Customer Service Oriented •Self-motivated Toward Team goals •Community-minded with Veterans’ Causes a Plus  iFreedom Direct Helps You Meet Your Goals!  •Visionary Marketing Team with Cutting-edge Lead Mining Methods  •Daily Screened, Warm Transfer Leads •Generous Base Salary + Commissions •$55K-$80K, $100K+ Top Producers •Paid Licensing •Extensive New LO Development Program  •Continued Education; Product and Sales •Mentoring by Top Loan Officer •In-house Processing and Underwriting to Close Your Loans Faster •24-hour Underwriter Turn-around time •Trip Incentives, Bonuses and Sales Rewards. Top performers go on trips to places like Hawaii, New Orleans, Mexico, Florida... •Beautiful Modern Office, Great People, Fun Work Environment!  Benefits:  •Health •Dental •Life •ESOP •401K  Apply Today for Immediate Consideration and an Interview Appointment This Week! Attn.: LO SD






2-4-years-experience-needed salary