*TITLE:*    Clinical Coordinator     *POSITION SUMMARY:*    The Clinical Coordinator is responsible for coordinating and managing in interdisciplinary team and activities of the clinical program    *QUALIFICATIONS:*    1. A Registered Nurse with current licensure to practice professional nursing in the state.  2. Graduate of NLN accredited school of nursing with a BSN degree is preferred.  3. Previous experience in hospice/home care setting and with three years clinical experience.  Proven ability to work within an interdisciplinary setting.  4. Complies with accepted professional standards and practice.  5. Excellent observation, good nursing judgment and communication skills.  Understands hospice philosophy and issues of death/dying, if applicable.  6. Understands principles of pain/symptom management.  7. Is flexible and cooperative in fulfilling all obligations  8. Demonstrates sensitivity to the needs of the patients and caregivers (families, friends and significant others).  9. Must be a licensed driver with an automobile that is insured in accordance with state and/or organization requirements and s in good working order.  10. Has satisfactory references from current employers and/or professional peers.      *DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES*    1. Manages the daily clinical schedule utilizing efficient organizational and planning skills.  2. Provides both management and clinical leadership to the staff.  3. Provides clinical assistance to the staff with emergency backup services and situation assessments.  Clarifies technical procedures and uses sound judgment and resourcefulness in decision-making.  4. Maintains agency stability on a daily basis.  Shows ability to handle crisis and stress in a constructive manner.  Keeps Program Director informed of all personnel scheduling problems.  5. Assigns case management activities to staff.  6. Communicates effectively with staff, other professionals, families and the public and is able to convey patience, tact and a positive attitude when dealing with others.  Functions as an effective patient and family advocate.  Is able to convey and receive comprehensive on-call reports.  7. Intake responsibilities as necessary.  Utilize appropriate screening procedures for all hospice inquiries/records in designated record.  Direct inappropriate patients to other community resources and documents all actions.  8. Maintains current comprehensive documentation on all forms and records as required by agency policy.  Reviews database information for accuracy and thoroughness.  9. Participates in the timely closure of completed charts.  10. Adheres to all written policies.  11. Actively leads weekly interdisciplinary team meetings.  12. Assists with the orientation of new personnel, students and visitors as assigned.  13. Participates in overall departmental cost effectiveness.  14. Assumes the responsibilities of the Program Director in his/her absence.  15. Assumes responsibility for own professional growth.  Is able to set objectives and goals.  Attends at least six (6) continuing education programs per fiscal year.  16. Monitors and maintains patient care supplies.  17. Participates in administrative on-call as scheduled.  18. Participates in agency outreach programs, educational symposia, workshops and courses.  19. Participates in the orientation of all nursing services personnel, allied health employees and student trainees as assigned by Program Director.  20. Assist the Program Director in overseeing monitoring of all nursing documentation for accuracy and timeliness.  21. Assumes responsibility for continuing evaluation and completion of criteria for terminal illness.  22. Active participation in the Quality Assessment and Performance Improvement Program.  23. Functions as HIPAA Officer for Program Office.  24. Perform patient visit as needed to maintain quality care.    *PLEASE SUBMIT RESUME BELOW*






licence-needed