Company Overview Spectrum Plastics Group is a growing company with big company ideas and accountability. We take pride in quickly turning engineering concepts from our customers into high quality products.  Our locations in Minnesota, Colorado, Connecticut, and New York allow a breadth and depth of services to our customers.  Opportunity Overview and Accountabilities Great service and great products start with our employees and we currently have an open opportunity for a Process Technician at our Brewster, New York facility. We do not settle. We want the right person for this incredible opportunity. Is this you? • Do you thrive on working with great employees who take pride in the work they do? • Do you want to work in a clean, organized environment? • Are you Accountable, Process-Driven, Customer Focused with a Can-do Attitude? Position Responsibilities • Employee safety    • Set up, process and troubleshoot injection molds up to 165 ton • Maintain logs & paperwork for process control • Processing new and existing tooling to achieve optimum process. • Packaging and proper labeling of molded product • Cautious and careful operation of molds with loose inserts • Order entry & control of material inventory • Proper handling and drying of materials • De-gate, trim/clean molded parts as required • Work closely with quality to produce parts to meet customer specifications • Shipping of completed product. • Maintain a safe work environment.  • Continuous improvement within the molding department   Position Requirements • 1-3 years experience in a production environment • Bring an open-minded and focused vision to the team • Some trade school preferred • Ability to work accurately in a fast paced environment • Ability to give feedback on current processes    Benefits • Medical and Dental Coverage • 401(k) Savings Plan • Generous Paid Time Off Plan • Paid Holidays • Life Insurance • Tuition Reimbursement • Short Term Disability • Paid bereavement and jury duty leave • Relocation Assistance  We are looking for the right person for this incredible opportunity.  If you meet the minimum position requirements and you have been saying to yourself, “this is the perfect job for me!” then we look forward to receiving your application materials. To Apply All requested items must be completed to be considered for this position. Apply using the link below.  You’ll need to submit the following items: • A Cover Letter detailing how you meet the position requirements • Resume • Salary Expectations  Follow this link to apply: www.example.com   Only qualified candidates will be considered for this position.  Spectrum Plastics Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We are committed to attracting and retaining the most qualified employees regardless of race, religion, age, national origin, gender, marital status, or disability. 






1-year-experience-needed salary