Job : Network Engineer Primary Location : United States-Nevada-Las Vegas/Henderson Schedule : Full-time  Travel : No   *Summery of job:* Provides network and security administration for a Microsoft Windows Server and SQL network using Microsoft Dynamics AX 2012 as the ERP and a Linux/MYSQL Magento ecommerce solution integrated with the ERP.   *Responsibilities:*  - Enterprise network security and performance strategy, solutions, and ongoing technology refresh and enhancements  - Enterprise network security design standards  - Design reviews and project engineering   *Preferred Qualifications:*  *Bachelors Degree (or equivalent experience/education) in Science, Engineering or Computers  *Extensive 5+ years experience required with network backup software and restores including virtual servers, SQL databases, etc *Experience in Technical Leadership of IT projects  *Experience in all technical aspects of Network Security Engineering  *Experience with Linux/MYSQL and Microsoft/Windows Server/SQL technologies  *2 Years experience with firewalls    Salary:  DOE  At this time, DrVita will not sponsor a non-citizen new applicant for employment authorization for this position.   All DrVita staff must submit to background check and random drug testing.  DrVita is a drug free workplace.  DrVita based in Las Vegas, NV with a Jan 2012 launch date is a new internet vitamin and natural health products company with manufacturing and was founded by Wayne Gorsek, the founder of Vitacost.com. During the 1994 - 2009 time frame Mr. Gorsek was the largest shareholder at Vitacost.com and the company became the #1 internet vitamin company creating over 300 jobs including manufacturing in the USA, serving over one million active customers and shipping about 3 million orders per year. While Mr. Gorsek was Chairman & CEO at Vitacost.com the company earned INC 500 Hall of Fame status by earning INC 500 awards five years in a row with average five year growth of about 1,000%. Shareholder and employee stock option valuation soared to $320 million enterprise value up until Mr. Gorsek's retirement in Dec 2009. If you would like a ground floor opportunity with Mr. Gorsek's newest company please review the requirements below and if you meet them please provide resume with salary history and requirements.






5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job bs-degree-needed salary