An established busy dermatology practice is seeking an experienced Medical Office Manager to start immediately.     About the practice:  We are a very service oriented, nationally recognized dermatology office with an emphasis on cosmetic dermatology. Our founder has been in practice for 24 years.  Most of our staff have been with us for 8+ years, we have almost no turnover.       This is an incredible opportunity for the right individual.  We do require our candidates to have at least 3-5 years of management experience in a dermatology practice.     Medical Office Manager Job Description and List of Essential Duties, including but not limited to:  1. Managing Employees of the Practice (including but not limited to):  • Establishes a high performance team of staff that is efficient, knowledgeable, service-oriented, and shares responsibility for attaining the goals of the practice. • Provides leadership, guidance, and organizational expertise to all staff members (10-15 employees) • Hires, trains, supervises, manages, and terminates office staff (check-in, check-out, and appointment secretary). • Conducts ongoing employee evaluation of operations staff on a regular basis. • Effectively communicates departmental activities to overall staff. • Makes monthly schedules for physicians; notifies staff of vacations, meetings, etc. • Makes weekly schedules for front office. • Coordinates schedules and activities with clinical staff. • Maintains smooth operation of check-in, check-out, appointment book, and dictation function. • Prepares front office payroll information. • Provides back-up for front office staff as needed.  2. Managing Practice Operations (including but not limited to):  • Maintains an effective system for employee personnel files and records ensuring legal documentation. • Perform all prospective employee reference checks.  Ensure compliance with all government agencies with regard to human resource. • Ensures the office maintains HIPAA and OSHA compliance, including staff training • Designs/implements and/or updates:   o Employee Manual o Standardized Procedures & Protocols o Patient Scheduling Protocols o Telephone Systems • Liaison between patients and staff • Dealing with unhappy patients/customers • Inputting patient information into EMR system • Inputting patient emails into email system • Processes patient recall cards. • Reconciles “no show” lists. • Posting of non-insurance related payments • Manages Outside contractors • Monitors inventory for front office  (retail products, equipment and front office supplies) • Scheduling and managing staff meetings, pharmaceutical representative lunches and presentations, patient events, etc. • Processing online orders • Paying office expense bills by credit card. • Assisting the doctor with phone calls, emails and other communication with individuals and companies • Being available for any and all emergencies involving the office, in the doctor’s absence, except medical emergencies  3. Managing Practice Finances (including but not limited to):  • Prepares change envelope and credit card transaction receipts; reconciles petty cash. • Responsible for posting and adjustments related to patient services. Oversees patient collections. • Enters charges and payments; issues refunds as appropriate. Reconciles day sheet with fee sheets. • Coordinates computer systems, including software updating and daily backup. • Producing financial reports and reviewing regularly to increase profitability Aligning Performance for Success 1.  Establishes approach 2. Creates a learning environment 3. Sets performance goals   4. Tracks performance 5. Evaluates performance 6. Collaboratively establishes development plans/goals   Salary is $50-$60K to start.  Our benefits include:  Paid vacation, paid holidays, health insurance  and a pension plan with company matching.






salary 2-4-years-experience-needed supervising-job