* Serves as the principle administrative and clerical support position to the Office of the Senior Vice President for University programs (SVS) which includes the Executive Dean Postgraduate Dental College (PDC), Tri-Service Center for Oral Health Studies (TSCOHS), the Military Training Network (MTN), and the southern office of the Henry M. Jackson Foundation (HMJ-S).  * Performs a variety of clerical, secretarial, and administrative duties related to the management of the office requiring a good working knowledge of the substantive programs under SVS oversight and the purview of the collocated directors and general familiarity with interrelationships with other university stakeholders in addition to acknowledge of military channels and administrative procedures.  * Utilizes computer supported interactive office systems in the daily use of duties to include text editing: file creation; maintenance, and retrieval, use of message, calendar, suspense, and memo systems as well as specialized tools in support of specific functions. Performs most of all of the following types of duties:  1. VISITORS: Receives telephone and personal callers and, based on a thorough knowledge of the SVS and co-located organizations, their programs and procedures, personally handles many matters and questions including answering substantive questions not requiring research or technical knowledge. Exercises judgment in determining which calls the SVS or directors should receive. Also uses judgment in screening those, which can be handled by other action officers within the organization and refers them as appropriate.  2. APPOINTMENTS: Maintains a calendar of appointments, and schedules appointments and conferences without prior clearance, based on knowledge of SVS and directors schedules and previous commitments. Gives firm time commitments to requestors and informs Government POC of scheduled appointments in order to avoid conflicts with other possible commitments. Reminds Government POC of meetings and appointments and reschedules appointments when required.  3. CONFERENCES: Makes necessary arrangements for conferences and meetings, including space, time, people, etc. Assembles background and conference material for SVS and directors use. Attends meetings and conferences, taking verbatim or summary notes of proceedings, and prepares minutes of meetings or conferences for distribution to the participants.  4. CORRESPONDENCE: Receives and reads incoming correspondence, reports, instructions, etc. Screens out those items, which can be handled personally, forwarding the rest to SVS or directors as appropriate together with necessary background material. Drafts replies to general inquiries not requiring a technical knowledge of the program. Relays instructions to the office staff, or acts on requests received concerning procedural or administrative requirements. Maintains control records on incoming correspondence and action documents and follows up on work in process to insure timely reply or action. Reads outgoing correspondence for procedural and grammatical accuracy, conformance with general policy, factual correctness, and adequacy of treatment, and calls any deviations or inadequacies to the attention of the writer for necessary changes or corrections prior to presenting to POC for review or signature.  5. OFFICE ADMINISTRATION: Assists SVS and directors subordinates in the procedural aspects of expediting the work of the office; including such matters as shifting clerical help to take care of fluctuating workload; assisting POCs instructions concerning procedures; explaining report requirements and arranging with subordinate officials for the collection and submission of data for assemble into general reports. Informs and instructs officials, technicians, and clerical personnel in the office concerning established procedures for the preparation and clearance of correspondence, and action documents.  6. ASSEMBLING INFORMATION: Assembles and summarizes information from files and documents in the office or other available sources for use of POC on the basis of general instructions as to the nature of the information wanted and its purpose. Informs POC as requested on such matters as procedures in the clearance of memoranda, past practices with regard to various reports, the general nature and history of miscellaneous recurring items, and the sources for information.  7. TRAVEL: Makes necessary arrangements for SVS travel to include schedule of visits, notifying organizations and officials to be visited, keeping in touch with POC enroute, and preparing reports. Assists the Administrative Officer in arranging travel and lodging and in filing travel vouchers.  8. TYPING: Types correspondence, reports, and records in final form rough drafts. Ensures correct punctuation, capitalization, spelling, grammar, and conformance to style.  9. Utilizes a variety of word processing software systems and terminal (computer linked) to accomplish work assignments, using judgment in selecting spacing, arranging material and ensuring proper punctuation, grammar, spelling, and capitalization. Uses knowledge of software utilities, function commands to manipulate text to accomplish formats, revisions, deletions, and additions desired by the POC and staff members to transmit texts to other modes of the network. Performs basic information research using library and internet resources.  *Skill in operating a typewriter. A qualified typist is required* *Knowledge of correct grammar, spelling, punctuation, capitalization, and style*






