*Insurance – Sales - Agents*    A fantastic opportunity now exists to join the American Family Team!  American Family Insurance wants to make your experience with us easy and convenient. Our approximately 3,500 independent contractor agents are local, knowledgeable and trusted advisors. They get to know you like family. Due to the growth of our business, we are searching for driven, motivated, and hard working Sales Agents to join our team in Tucson, AZ.     *Job Description - Agent*    As an insurance agent operating as an independent contractor, you will be representing American Family Insurance products exclusively.     The American Family Insurance Agents duties may include but are not limited to:    • Successfully start and operate your own business with state of the art technology   • Responsible for building relationships within your community   • Create and enhance your own professional development   • Owner and manager of your agency  • Grow your business by hiring your own support and sales staff    *What American Family Insurance Offers Agents*    • UNLIMITED INCOME POTENTIAL  • Business ownership   • Personal satisfaction from helping others   • Extensive training and support  • Incentive programs and bonuses   • Financial support to assist you in your office selection, office expenses, and staff payroll   • Personal and professional recognition  • Be rewarded for the success that you achieve   • Help with locating and staffing your office  • Financial support early on   • Marketing support throughout your career  • Training and support is offered by American Family Insurance to new agents  * Training consists of educational and field experiences designed to provide the core skills, knowledge and personal characteristics needed to be an effective American Family Agent    *Job Description – Agent in Training*    Following an extensive training period, you will learn and grow under the direction of an experienced Agency Sales Manager. If you have what it takes to be an American Family Insurance Agent, we will give you what you need to succeed.    Agent in Training (AIT) Program Offers:  * PAID - On-the-job training from highly successful agents  * A blend of learning, practice and real-world application  * Program combines current technologies and tried-and-true techniques  * As little as one to two years you may be ready to run your own agency     *Requirements/Qualifications*    •  Competitive spirit  •  Self-motivated personality  • Strong communication skills  • Ability to achieve results   • Customer service and sales focused  • Acceptable driving record and credit history  • Criminal background check is also required  • Process consists of: being interviewed, going through various background checks, and obtaining your Property, Casualty, Life and Health Insurance licenses    ***We understand that taking the first step in making a career change is often the most difficult.  To get started, simply send us your resume and contact information and a recruiter will reach out to you with more information.  If you’d like to move forward at that point you are welcome to apply online.  There’s no obligation for you to learn more about our opportunity! ***    *About Us*    Our Mission: Be the most trusted and valued service-driven insurance company.  Our Values: Our commitment to you is to be fair, helpful and caring, and to provide ease and convenience when working with us. We strive to provide you industry-leading service, an exceptional claims experience and products that build long-term relationships.  ***As long as people drive cars, have homes and property, marry, work, raise families, and dream insurance is essential. The prospects are literally everywhere and you have the opportunity to protect the quality of their lives by guiding them to the right kinds and levels of insurance.     Equal Opportunity Employer      Keyword Terms: selling, policy, underwrite, underwriter, LTC, insurance salesman, insurance salesperson, coverage salesperson, salesman, saleswoman, selling, inside sales, outside sales, account executive, AE sales manager, district manager, territory manager, outside sales manager, regional manager account executive, outside sales, inside sales, sales executive, AE, salesman, saleswoman, salesperson business development rep, business development representative, sales and business development, selling, biz dev  






