Relocation will not be paid for this position.  Train on 1st shift and transfer to 2nd shift thereafter.  Benefits include Medical, Dental, Life Insurance, matching 401k plan, 1 week paid Vacation after 6 months, 2 weeks paid Vacation after 1 year, Personal Leave Time, Safety Time and Incentives, and Bonus Plan.  Employees received 20% of gross wages as a bonus  in February 2012.  EOE/M-F-H-V  SUMMARY   While demonstrating the highest degree of quality possible, the incumbent safely positions, aligns, fits and welds fabricated plates, structural shapes, subassemblies, and weldments in preparation for the final assembly of the product.  When called upon to do so the incumbent utilizes acquired cross-functional training skills to assist and reduce the workload demands of other critical manufacturing departments.  Incumbent performs within a teamwork environment supportive of our continuous improvement process.   ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  Other duties may be assigned.  Sets up weldments according to blueprint specifications using measuring tape, straightedge, square, level and on occasion optical measuring instruments. May place and align jigs and fixtures to hold parts and mount work piece onto welding positioner.  May position c-clamps, bar clamps, install shims, wedges, and spacers to align weldments in preparation for welding.  Applies state-of-the-art welding technology to join (weld) together metal fabricated assemblies and subassemblies in accordance with blueprint specifications.  Welding methods may include arc, shielded arc, flux core gas shielded, MIG and/or TIG weld processes.  Grinds, chips and cleans rough surfaces to remove surplus weld and/or scale.  SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES   None  QUALIFICATIONS   To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE   High School graduate with minimum of 4-year vocational school education with major concentration in the field of welding technology.  Welding training in accordance with AWS 14.1 welding code (certification desirable) combined with 3-5 years related experience and/or training; or equivalent combination of education and experience.  Must possess knowledge of blueprint reading.  LANGUAGE SKILLS   Ability to read in order to comprehend simple instructions, correspondence and memos.  Capable of writing to complete reports, transmit thoughts and ideas to engineering, other manufacturing departments and supervision.  MATHEMATICAL SKILLS   Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions and decimals.  Ability to read a measuring tape and utilize other measuring instruments to assure accuracy of fabrication process.  REASONING ABILITY   Ability to apply common sense understanding to carry out detailed but uninvolved written and oral instructions.  Ability to interpret a variety of technical instructions furnished in written, oral, diagram or schedule form. Must be able to work in a team environment and participate, contribute and support all team activities.  CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS   AWS D14.1 Welding Code certification desirable  PHYSICAL DEMANDS   Individual must be physically capable of performing the duties of the job as outlined herein.  The employee may be required to perform welding operations in fixed positions for extended periods of time.  Duties may also involve performing welding operations using both arms and hands, to handle steel materials of varying size and weight; tools and controls, reach with hands and arms; climb or balance and be physically able to bend, climb, reach, balance, squat, kneel, or crouch.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  WORK ENVIRONMENT  Employee may be exposed to welding arc radiation, heat, molten metal, fumes and dust from the weld process, and occasional exposure to noise levels which are at or above OSHA exposure levels, in which case hearing protection is required.   Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  






2-4-years-experience-needed