Join John Hinderer Honda, where your talent can make a difference.  Become a part of an award winning team that offers growth opportunity, excellent earning potential and leadership that appreciates your drive, skills and ability. Time after time, John Hinderer Honda has turned the automotive industry upside down through its innovative services and its continual push to be the No. 1 choice for career growth opportunities in the automotive industry. We're looking for people who can make a difference because we believe that an innovative team can accomplish anything!     As head of the Internet Department located in Heath, OH, the Internet Director builds business by managing products, people, process and promotions regarding phone and internet generated leads from customers seeking to purchase automobiles. Timely responses to customer inquiries are critical to setting appointments resulting in sales and achieving customer satisfaction.    ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS     Responsible for daily operation & productivity of the Internet department.  Manage and train Internet department personnel.  Manage department software and process.  Manage dealership websites and lead providers.  Manage CRM, ILM, telephone systems and software.  Manage department goals and metrics.       REQUIRED ABILITIES    • Communicate effectively verbally and in writing.  • Ability to manage and motivate teams.  • Strong organizational skills.  • Strong problem solving skills.  • Professional appearance and work ethic  • Great attitude with a high-energy personality  • Good time management and multi tasking ability.  • Ability to train others.  • Good computer skills     PREFFERED      • Advanced computer or IT skills  • Experience in Call Center environments.  • Strong management background  .     Compensation: We offer a generous pay plan, health, dental, life and disability insurance, 401(k), paid vacation, employee vehicle purchase program, professional working environment, job specific training and advancement opportunities. EOE    Please forward resume Or call Amien Whealton at  XXX  x36.    






supervising-job