We are seeking professional sales representatives. Our positions are for phone based commission only (1099) sales representatives. We are seeking 3 more sales representatives to add to our Independent Sales Rep (ISR) team.    The product available for representation is called The Campaign Shop. It is a full service suite of online tools for political campaigns for the 2012 elections. We sell to people who are running for: county commissioner, mayor, state house of representatives, sheriff, etc (not Federal candidates).     Almost everyone we work with has never sold to campaigns until now. That's not a pre-requisite. The good news about our market is that:    1) there isn't a whole lot of decent competition  2) every single campaign has to buy from someone (and we have some really strong competitive advantages) - and they have to buy within the next 120 days or so  3) it's a phone based sale (no driving) with a short sales cycle. And we provide the leads and/or show you where to get them. There are more leads than we'll ever reasonably be able to contact. Leads are NOT a problem.   4) the 'buy season' for this product really starts about now and will run for the next 6 months; it's a short term season. But the product continues to pay 7-9 months after the sale.   5) it's a volume sale type of product. But we have good tools and leads and even pre-qualified appointments after you've shown us what you can do.   6) There is residual revenue with this product. You're paid at the sale and then monthly for at least 7-9 months after the sale. Total compensation per campaign sale is between $450-$600.   7) Our statistics show now (and we're very early in the election sales season...this will improve) that 100 cold calls result in 3-5 sales. There are on average 3 phone meetings with the client to reach the sale. Most of us can make 35-50 cold calls per hour. You can figure out your own compensation, based on your available hours.   8) You sell. We have a Customer Service department that takes over after you close the sale. You make residual money, but you don't have to do residual customer service.     Here's what we require:    1. You must be seriously ok with phone sales and cold calling (at least initially). We have the lead names, but you'll need to work them. You'll need a quiet, professional work environment and a phone plan that allows for lots/unlimited of talk time.  2. The sales window for this product is short. You need to be available now and heavily in January-March to make this be very profitable.   3. You must have verifiable sales success.  4. You must be positive, upbeat, interested, excited...ready to roll with the punches and roll up your sleeves and sell!  5. We work with political candidates by phone. These are professional people who demand a professional demeanor from us. You need to be able to present that by phone.   6. We work with almost all political parties. You'll work with candidates whose political views you do not share. Most of our prospects are local/regional candidates, but regardless, you'll need to be ok with selling campaign services to people who see the world differently from you. We have to remain neutral on our personal beliefs when we're selling.     The product available for representation is called The Campaign Shop. It is a full service suite of online tools for campaign 2012 candidates.     Almost everyone we work with has never sold to campaigns until now. That's not a pre-requisite. The good news about our market is that:    1) there isn't a whole lot of decent competition  2) every single campaign has to buy from someone (and we have some really strong competitive advantages) - and they have to buy within the next 120 days or so  3) it's a phone based sale (no driving) with a short sales cycle. And we provide the leads and/or show you where to get them. There are more leads than we'll ever reasonably be able to contact. Leads are NOT a problem.   4) the 'buy season' for this product really starts about now and will run for the next 6 months; it's a short term season. But the product continues to pay 7-9 months after the sale.   5) it's a volume sale type of product. But we have good tools and leads and even pre-qualified appointments after you've shown us what you can do.   6) There is residual revenue with this product. You're paid at the sale and then monthly for at least 7-9 months after the sale. Total compensation per account is between $450-$600.   7) Our statistics show now (and we're very early in the sales season...this will improve) that 100 cold calls result in 3-5 sales. There are on average 3 phone meetings with the client to reach the sale. Most of us can make 35-50 cold calls per hour. You can figure out your own compensation, based on your available hours.   8) You sell. We have a Customer Service department that takes over after you close the sale. You make residual money, but you don't have to do residual customer service.     Here's what we require:    1. You must be seriously ok with phone sales and cold calling (at least initially). We have the lead names, but you'll need to work them.   2. The sales window for this product is short. You need to be available now and heavily in January-March to make this be very profitable.   3. You must have verifiable sales success.  4. You must be positive, upbeat, interested, excited...ready to roll with the punches and roll up your sleeves and sell!  5. We work with political candidates by phone. These are professional people who demand a professional demeanor from us. You need to be able to present that by phone.   6. We work with almost all political parties. You'll work with candidates whose political views you do not share. Most of our prospects are local/regional candidates, but regardless, you'll need to be ok with selling campaign services to people who see the world differently from you. We have to remain neutral on our personal beliefs when we're selling.     Sound interesting?    Please visit us online: www.example.com  Give us a call:  XXX   Visit us at Facebook: thecampaignshop  Follow us at Twitter: thecampaignshop    We're hungry, and we need your expertise. If it sounds interesting, please call or email. We'd love to talk to you.    Thanks for your time and consideration. I hope to hear from you soon.  






