*Are you looking for an exciting sales position in a lucrative and fast paced industry?  Fora Financial offers a stimulating environment, team atmosphere, with great marketing support.*  Fora Financial, located in NYC, is a leading financial services company providing working capital to small and mid- size businesses nationwide.   Established in 2008, we support small businesses in need of financing to sustain or grow their enterprise by providing innovative, customized, and flexible working capital solutions.  We operate through a consultive approach, listening to customers and providing what best meets their needs in an ever-changing financial market.  Fora Financial has provided more than $100 million to more than 3,000 customers.  We are currently looking to grow our sales team with sharp and motivated inside sales individuals.  *Summary of Position:*  Educate potential customers about the programs and benefits Fora Financial offers  Pitch warm and hot leads through a soft sell approach    Build quality sales relationships with both new clients and existing clients  Leads are provided through our active in house marketing efforts; *no cold calling is required*  Manage and maintain a growing and recurring book of business  Be responsive to client’s needs and work to foster the growth of our business over time  Opportunity to advance, based on performance  *Preferred Qualifications:*  Applicant must be results – driven and persistent  Comfortable conducting business over the phone  Successful at closing deals  Articulate and well spoken, strong communicator  Strong time management skills essential  Professional attitude and work  Work well in a team environment  *Job Requirements:*  Bachelor degree is mandatory  Two years working experience is preferred, but will consider recent college graduate with internship and job experience  Language: English;  Spanish a plus  Compensation package including competitive base salary and uncapped commissions;  medical benefits, 401k available as well.  Fora Financial is a privately held firm. We continue to strive to meet and even exceed our promise to provide our customers and their businesses with the highest level of customer service.  Please visit our website at www.example.com.






salary bs-degree-needed