Teacher trainer opportunity for U.S. citizens.  The English Language Fellow Program is currently accepting applications from TESOL professionals for a Fellow positions in India and worldwide. Interested applicants must apply on-line at www.example.com by February 1, 2012. Early submission is encouraged as applicants will be matched to projects beginning in February.  Qualifications:  - US Citizenship - Master’s degree with a focus on TESOL and/or Applied Linguistics - Minimum of two years professional teaching experience - Four years of teacher training experience - At least one year of international TEFL experience  Fellowship dates: - September 2012 – June 2013 - Pre-departure orientation in August 2012  Project Description: Senior Fellows serve primarily as teacher trainers and may be engaged in supervision, advising, ESP instruction, curriculum/materials development, test design, assessment, evaluation, programming, research, and outreach projects.   Benefits: Stipend: $25K Housing and living allowance  Shipping allowance  Educational materials allowance International round-trip travel Supplemental health benefit plan  Application Instructions:  For more information about the EL Fellow Program, visit our website at www.example.com.   Applications must contain the following:  -Application -Resume -Two one-page Lesson Plans/Teacher Training Modules (please provide sample lesson plans/teacher training modules that you have developed and used in your work. Each sample should be drawn from a different area of language instruction and clearly demonstrate your methodology and design) -Statement of Purpose (should explain why you are applying for an English Language Fellow position. State your interests and future professional plans; include information about your attitudes and experience. Your response must not exceed 500 words) -Applying Fellowship Experience (should describe how you will apply the insights and lessons gained from your experience as an English Language Fellow to your work in the United States. How will you share your experiences with your colleagues and friends? Your response must not exceed 500 words) -Two current Reference Letters, at least one from current or most recent supervisor - Graduate Transcript    Note about the EL Fellow Program: The English Language (EL) Fellow Program promotes English language learning around the world, and fosters mutual understanding between the people of the United States and people of other countries. The EL Fellow Program places highly qualified teachers with Master’s degrees in TEFL/TESL, Applied Linguistics, or closely related fields in all regions of the world. Through U.S. Embassy projects, Fellows gain international experience while sharing their unique perspectives and expertise abroad. The EL Fellow Program is funded by the U.S. Department of State (DOS) within the Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs, Office of English Language Programs, and is administered by the Center for Intercultural Education and Development (CIED) at Georgetown University, Washington, DC.






supervising-job salary 2-4-years-experience-needed ms-or-phd-needed