A Financial Services company specializing in Accounts Receivable Management is currently seeking a Senior Budget and Financial Analyst.  Responsibilities will include but are not limited to:  o Develop, analyze and execute all aspects of the budget including revenue, expenses and capital expenditures. o Examine budget estimates and proposals for completeness, accuracy, and conformance with established procedures, regulations, and organizational objectives. o Employ cost-benefit analyses to review financial requests (from purchase orders, management requests for changes to employee incentive programs, etc.), assess program tradeoffs, and explore alternative funding methods. o Report deviations between the approved budget and actual spending and recommend revised procedures. o Review current client performance evaluation, employee performance evaluation and policy analysis (i.e. KPIs, profit by client, and bonus structure). o Prepare monthly client invoices and reconciliations. o Review future pricing proposals for new clients. o Examine past budgets and research economic and financial developments that affect the organization's income and expenditures. o Recommend process efficiencies and ways to increase profits. o Maximize utilization of the general ledger software including payroll and fixed asset systems. o Lead special projects as directed by management. o Provide leadership and training to the Accounting team.  Requirements o Qualified candidates must have a minimum 4+ years in budget analysis and 2+ years of supervisory experience. o Call center industry experience preferred. o Strong oral and written communication skills.  o Outstanding organizational skill to manage issues, deadlines, and resources. o Excellent interpersonal and project management skills. o Excellent problem solving and analytical skills. o Integrity, objectivity, and confidentiality are essential. Strong attention to detail and output. o Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high pressure environment. o Proficient in Microsoft Office, Excel (pivot tables, if statements, lookups), Word and Microsoft Dynamics (Great Plains).  Kronos experience desired. o BS Accounting or related degree is required.   Pre-requisite background check is required for this position. Penncro is an equal opportunity employer.






supervising-job bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed