QA Manager PeelMaster Packaging Corporation is seeking a QA Engineer or Sr. QA Engineer who is looking for an advancement opportunity. Ideally, our next QA Manager will be a strong Sr. QA Engineer with proven expertise in the following body of knowledge:  • Six Sigma knowledge, application and proven expertise (Not Lean Sigma). Strong statistical background. • Green Belt. Black belt preferred. • One (1) or more of the following experience: Sterile flexible packaging, flexible packaging, sterile device mfg. • Three (3) or more of the following expertise/experience: 1. CAPA/Root Cause/FMEA/Cust. Complaints/SCAR 2. Process Validation 3. Process capability studies 4. Design of Experiments (DOE), 5. Leading audits – esp. customer audit 6. Minitab or other statistical analysis software  The Quality Manager will manage the development, modification and maintenance of all elements of our Quality Management System in compliance with policies, laws, and regulations.  Education and Experience Requirements: • Engineering degree (mechanical, Industrial, QA, BioMed) and 5 + years experience in quality assurance and manufacturing • Sterile flexible packaging, flexible packaging, sterile device mfg Primary Responsibilities: • Develops and maintains specifications for sterile packaging. • Investigates and documents product quality reports, non-conforming material reports, and maintains improvement action (corrective and preventive action) system. • Manages a staff of Quality Assurance inspection personnel. • Manages the auditing process of quality systems. • Identifies opportunities for product and process quality improvements and ensures that improvement action plans (including corrective and preventive action) are initiated, executed, and documented in a timely manner. • Acts as Management Representative for Management Reviews, etc. • Regulatory and oversight of the following: o FDA/QSR (21 CRF 820) o FDA 510K’s o ISO 9001:2008 o ISO 13485 o ISO 11607  Application Instructions: When applying, please include a cover letter expressing your interest in the position and specifically indicating the qualifications that you possess. Resumes without cover letters may not be considered.






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed