Opportunities for Inexperienced and Experienced  Werner Enterprises  - 4 Week Hands on Training Program  - CDL training and commercial jobs paying $650 - $900 a week are now available.  - More than two dozen carriers hiring. - No CDL - No Problem.  -ALL Military both enlisted & Veteran status - you may qualify for training assistance.  The Werner Enterprises' Professional Truck Driver Apprenticeship Program is a U.S. Department of Labor approved program providing structured on-the-job learning and related instruction for approximately one year.  Any individual who successfully completes the program will be certified as a Werner Enterprises' professional truck driver and will receive a nationally recognized certificate from the U.S. Department of Labor.  Eligible military veterans who participate in the Werner Apprenticeship Program will be able to draw on their Veteran's Educational Benefits for up to a full year in addition to receiving their normal pay.  VA benefits are tax-free and over the course of a year could equal or exceed $13,016.40. VA Benefits are paid from the Dept. of Veteran Affairs directly to the driver.  Call Gerald Today and Get Started on Your New example@example.com EXT: 6527  Tuition Reimbursement Welcome to Werner Enterprises. One of the many benefits you will enjoy as a professional driver includes tuition reimbursement. There is a $6,000 limit on Tuition Reimbursement for those who Qualify  Werner Enterprises operates a fleet of 7,250 trucks and almost 25,000 trailers throughout the U.S., Mexico and Canada. This allows our drivers the flexibility of driving for a service suiting their lifestyles, with the added benefit of living in any area of the country they prefer. As a Werner Enterprises' driver, you receive personal attention and your fleet manager gets to know you by name.  Opportunities:  Thanks to our many divisions and diverse operations, our drivers may live in any area of the country they prefer. Everything is taken into consideration when matching a driver with a division, including mileage requirements, home time needs and route preferences. Proving that no matter where you live, you can take your career in any direction you want. Over 70% of our driving jobs are in more attractive, shorter-haul Regional and Dedicated fleet operations that enable us to return drivers home more frequently.  •Regional Opportunities •100+ Dedicated Fleets •Team Werner •Training Opportunities •48 State & Southern Canada •Vans, Flat Beds and Temperature Controlled Divisions •Team Werner •Scheduled Lane Fleets  Werner Enterprises offers many opportunities for drivers, nationally and regionally within the various Van, Flatbed and Temperature Controlled services. Experienced drivers, Apply Now to start on the road to a better driving career.  Earn 38,000 TO 50,000 Your 1ST YEAR  Call Gerald Today and Get Started on Your New example@example.com EXT: 6527






salary