*Virtus Investment Partners, Inc.* based in Harford, Connecticut, is an independent, publicly traded asset management company listed on NASDAQ as VRTS. At Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. we recognize that investment horizons change. Our broad portfolio of products and services are offered through a wide variety of financial advisors and consultants to help meet the needs of individuals and institutions as they move along their investment horizons. Our business is based on one concept: an unwavering commitment to investor success. Through the expertise of our investment partners, we are able to assist our clients in identifying appropriate investment solutions as they move along their investment horizon.    Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. is seeking a talented *Regional Sales Consultant.*     *Job Summary:*   Execute and produce telephone sales of mutual fund and separately managed account products. Provide sales support to financial advisors and back-up to Regional Sales Directors. Proactively promote Company products by enhancing existing relationships and developing new prospects. Work as a team member to achieve departmental and corporate sales goals.    *Key Tasks:*    -Meet daily activity requirements as determined by management.   -Provide support for Regional Sales Directors within a clearly defined territory.   -Proactively promote Company products by enhancing existing relationships and developing new prospects.   -Work as a team member to achieve departmental and corporate sales goals.   -Initiate product marketing and sales calls to advisors.   -Provide professional valued-added marketing and sales support.   -Provide back-up support for other Regional Sales Consultants by handling inbound product and marketing sales calls.   -Limited travel may be required.   -Represent Virtus Investment Partners at Broker/Dealer conferences when needed.   -Mentor newer Regional Sales Consultants and assist in training and education.   -Participate in new product launches as directed by management.    *Knowledge & Skills:*     -College degree or equivalent work experience.   -1-2 years industry sales experience.   -Must hold Series 6 and 63 FINRA licenses.   -Must hold or obtain, within 90 days of hire, Series 7 and 66 FINRA licenses.   -Demonstrate complete and thorough knowledge of the sales process.   -Demonstrate the ability to prioritize and perform multiple tasks; flexibility.   -Demonstrate strong communications skills with an emphasis on telephone skills.   -Demonstrate strong computer skills and the ability to multi-task.  -Become proficient in: Outlook, SalesPage, Cisco Systems, Morningstar Workstation, Zephyr Reports, Go To Meeting and Brainshark.    *Special Working Conditions:*   Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, with strict and demanding deadlines and priorities that are subject to change. Unplanned events and/or requests can occur and may require resolution simultaneous to routine tasks.






associate-needed 1-year-experience-needed