Join a Team of Lifelong Learners and Truly Make a Difference  NetCom Learning is an innovative leader in IT, business and executive training to companies, individuals, and government agencies. Since its inception in 1998, NetCom Learning has trained over 80 percent of the Fortune 100, serviced over 45,500 business customers, and advanced the skills of more than 71,000 professionals through hands-on, expert-led training, with the organization maintaining an average instructor evaluation score of 8.6 out of 9. NetCom Learning was recognized by Microsoft as its Worldwide Training Partner of the Year and named thrice to Inc. Magazine's list of fastest growing private companies in America. The organization was also recently named to the 2012 Top 20 IT Training Companies by TrainingIndustry.com and was named \"Company of the Year\" by the American Business Awards. The purpose of NetCom Learning is to promote the values of lifelong learning.  Here at NetCom Learning, we consistently promote the values of lifelong learning. This passion permeates all our endeavors, especially our Love of Learning program: for every class enrollment, we fully fund the year-long education of a child in an underprivileged nation. Thus, we look for people with the same drive and values to join our \"Learning Movement.\" You would be joining a motivated team that is truly making a difference--and your success in sales would be directly tied to the educational success of others.  Please send your cover letter and resume to example@example.com with the specific job position of Corporate Account Manager / Learning Consultant (NY and NJ team) in the email subject. *Responsibilities* Position Description The Corporate Account Manager is responsible for all sales activities, from lead generation through close in an assigned territory. He/She is responsible for personally contacting and securing new business accounts/customers and expand customer base through account penetration, lead generation, and customer retention in that territory.  Position Duties: • Establish, develop and maintain business relationships with current customers and prospective customers in the assigned territory/market segment. • Reach a minimum goal of telephone calls and sales numbers to existing and prospective customers. • Manage NetCom Learning's award-winning CRM, leveraging its ability to fully keep track of all customer interactions and needs. • Discover opportunities and work with marketing, sales management, logistics and technical service groups to generate business • Keep abreast of product applications, technical services, market conditions, competitive activities, advertising and promotional trends through company provided training  Qualifications: • Belief in the values of lifelong learning and desire to make an impact in the world. • Excellent communication skills, written and oral. • Hard working with high level of energy and self-motivation.  Desired but not required: • 5+ years of sales experience • Degree in Marketing or Communications • Familiarity with any CRM • Experience with IT sales of some sort: hardware, software, services, consulting, etc. (preferred)  Salary: Opportunity to Earn $+100k, Uncapped Commissions  To apply: • Please send your cover letter and resume to jobs at netcomlearning.com with the specific job position of Corporate Account Manager / Learning Consultant (NY and NJ team) in the email subject.






supervising-job salary