Hyperion Biotechnology is looking for a Personnel Assistant I to work at Langely Air Force Base in the Military Personnel Function (MPF) program.  Duties- You will:  Serve as professional customer service specialist and achieve customer satisfaction by delivering military HR services in a professional, courteous, and timely manner. Possess skill-level 2 technical proficiency across a variety of military HR functional areas. Perform as HR specialist within a work center such as Customer Service, ARMS, Awards and Decorations, In & Out Processing, ID/CAC Card Management, and Personnel Applications. Perform as HR specialist within a CPE that provides quality personnel support to commanders and appropriated employees.   Demonstrate in-depth subject matter expertise and extensive knowledge of related DoD and USAF governing directives, HR personnel policies, and base-level operating procedures. Research records, policy, directives, regulations and/or other military historical documents to verify accuracy of records or determine benefits eligibility, including to dependents and former spouses. Rely on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. Exercise creativity and latitude in executing delivery of HR services. Collect workload and develops and implements performance metrics used to measure work center performance against quality control standards.   You must have a high level of proficiency in HR core competencies that include handling routine and complex customer inquiries via telephone and e-mail, and coordinating with supported unit administrative personnel, unit commanders, and other installation service providers. Conduct detailed briefings and counsels members and family members on detailed HR procedures. Access multiple automated systems such as MILPDS to update emergency documents (DD Form 93 and SGLI) and other Member data elements. Perform Transaction Register (TR) as well as Management Assessment Products (MAPs) analysis and assist in corrective actions with same when directed by higher level Personnel Assistants or Team Lead. Scan and transmit documents to AFPC, may serve as VO for issuance of CAC cards from the RAPIDS system, process personnel applications, and manage publications, forms and files.   Retrieve and revoke ID cards from Members and dependents as necessary. Respond to questions for Dress and Personal Appearance, military leave, permissive TDY and special leave, administer fundraising and voting programs and the Family Care Program. Proficiency required across a broad spectrum of HR major functions and mission-essential tasks, including a firm grasp of multiple, standard HR automated systems such as ARMS, MILPDS, MDCPDS, and DEERS/RAPIDS. Perform systems administration to the CPE, maintain computers and peripherals, user access control, and system security.  Uphold the highest standards of integrity, honesty, openness and professionalism. Committed to delivering quality and value to military Service Members, family members, and retirees in the installation area of responsibility.   To apply: Please tell us what you’ve done that makes you perfect for this position. Submit your resume through this website only; no phone calls, please. Include your availability and desired salary.  Hyperion is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate in hiring or employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, or any other basis prohibited by federal, state, or local law. You may self-identify on a voluntary basis. No question on the form is intended to secure information to be used for such discrimination. The company is required by federal regulations to report information as requested on the form. Your contribution of this information is completely voluntary and in no way affects the decision regarding your employment opportunity. The information you provide is strictly confidential and will be maintained separate from your application form. To access the form, cut and paste this URL into your browser: www.example.com






supervising-job