Hi,      This is Natasha Shah from i2 Consulting. Please go through the job description below and revert back if it would be of your interest.  Type : Fulltime   Location: San Francisco,CA  Requirements • 8 to 15+ years software development • Deep familiarity with Java • Experience with Ruby • Prefer experience with Scala  • Prefer experience building reliable, scalable systems • BS or MS in Computer Science, or comparable experience • Track record of delivering high quality, impactful products & services • Strong core product development skills - planning, product management, communication & collaboration, customer focus   Role The client is looking for a talented, broadly experienced Software Developer The role will require design initiative, group collaboration, enthusiasm, and deep experience.   The Software Developer will  •    work on the core platform  •    write tests  •    design new features    For this role, we’d like 8 to 15+ years of development experience.  The ideal candidate will be hands-on,breaking new ground in coding and development.  Every developer at CLIENT, no matter what level, codes & writes tests, from our CTO to our junior developers.    Qualifications  •    self motivated  •    believe that writing tests is the fastest way to production code  •    enjoy working in an agile environment  •    understand and balance the tradeoffs between up-front design and YAGNI  •    productive, while maintaining quality & completeness  •    Curious and a fast learner.    About The Client  CLIENT offers a web and social media platform that enables public companies to sell their stock directly to customers on their Facebook page or website in just 3 clicks, creating more loyal customers.  It is called a Customer Stock Ownership Plan, or CSOP™.       Ownership is a powerful branding and loyalty currency – according to Bain & Company, customers who are also owners spend 54% more, refer 2x the people and increase frequency of visits 68% over ordinary customers.       CLIENT is •    an agile, test-driven, environment  •    with a scala-based open source stack  •    a place where your contributions will make a meaningful difference   CLIENT has a number of different products – each involves making it simple for consumers to buy financial products like stockonline.  The emphasis is on building easy to use products that delight consumers, are secure, stable, high performing, and meet regulatory requirements. Our core belief is that small teams working together can achieve amazing results. If you have great architecture and coding skills, love the challenge of breaking new ground in an untapped space, and enjoy working in a dynamic, leading edge environment, this could be the place for you. While we are always looking for the best and brightest, we do not hire solely on a specific skill set. Rather, we appreciate intelligence and creativity, backed with broad & deep experience, an affinity for testing, and thoroughness in everything.  CSOPs are simple and easy – people can invest as little as $10, and pay no fees to buy or sell stock.  We are committed to democratizing the market, making stock ownership easy and affordable for tens of millions of everyday Americans.      Client is located in downtown San Francisco.    If not interested kindly refer it to you network.   






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed