POSITION DESCRIPTION - Director of Community Relations – Kenosha N and S  SCOPE OF WORK  The DCR is responsible for representing Azura Memory Care in the community through strategic planned networking, marketing by presentations and attending various approved committees.  This person will assist with Azura Memory Care culture training to Azura employees and community through in-services, 1:1 meetings and orientation.  RESPONSIBILITIES:  Occupancy of the residence along with Executive Director  Responsible for maintaining standards and complying with State regulations and licensing.  Responsible for reports as requested.  Responsible for understanding state regulations and compliance issues.  Attends leadership meetings, daily huddle calls and Azura Memory Care trainings.  Marketing  Serves as spokesperson for Azura Memory Care within the community.  Promotes and supports the image of Azura Memory Care.  Promotes residence in the community through a planned and approved active referral network.  Creates, plans and conducts events to showcase the residence and its program.  Maintains high inquiry to tour conversions  Provides tours, information and assistance to families, community members and professionals as needed.  Trains staff phone etiquette, conducting tours and general public relations and communications.  Attends meetings of organizations and conferences to promote continuity of services to the elderly as requested.  REPORTING RELATIONSHIPS  Reports to the Corporate Marketing Director  Works in collaboration with Sr Executive Director and or Executive Director.  KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES REQUIRED  Bachelor’s degree in Health Care, marketing, communications or related field preferred or a minimum of 3 years of related work experience in assisted living or long-term care.  Demonstrates a understanding of older adults and the issues, diseases and needs related to aging.  Understanding of the principles of assisted living.  Demonstrated management skills.  One year experience in management preferred.  Demonstrated written and oral communication skills.  Computer skills including word processing  Valid driver’s license and reliable transportation  Ability to lift 30 lbs.  CLEARANCES AND REQUIREMENTS  Valid driver’s license and driver’s record in good standing.  Access to his/her personal vehicle for travel to events and meetings on a daily basis.  Successful health screening.  Successful criminal background check. 






2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job