Wanted: Ace Wordsmith, Big Idea Writer Who Wants To Make A Difference    Renaissance Learning, a leading provider of technology solutions and programs for pre-K–12 schools and districts, seeks a copywriter with a strong background and portfolio, who can generate new, innovative ideas and bring them to fruition.  If that's you, and you are ready to take on the creative challenge of a lifetime, read on.      We’re looking for a copywriter who knows how to write headlines and copy that sell.   Become part of our growth while you work nestled in a woodsy, beautiful corporate location in central Wisconsin.  We’re seeking a writer who can deliver clear, results-oriented copy and who enjoys working in a fast-paced team environment.  We want a writer who can readily move from direct mail campaigns to web-site copy, to sales presentations, and more. A talented copywriter will not want for new creative challenges.    As a member of our creative team, you’ll write targeted, effective copy selling our world-class, award-winning products to K-12 educators nationwide.  You’ll also help brainstorm concepts, create offers, plan new campaigns, and analyze and address educational and direct marketing trends.  As the Senior Copywriter, you will be responsible for proofreading the work of other copywriters as needed, provide counsel and assistance to other copywriters, and give direction to outside agencies and freelancers.  In addition, you will collaborate with the procuction staff to determine direct mail package specifications that will deliver the most cost-effective results.    Qualifications include A Bachelor's degree from a four-year college or University  along with 5-8  years of copywriting experience.    If you have the appropriate experience, education and skills we’re seeking and want to make a difference in the lives of millions of children, we want you!   Come join a dynamic, industry-leading company that was recently named one of the “Most Trustworthy Companies.”      For consideration, apply on line: *www.example.com    






5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job bs-degree-needed