eCaring is a healthcare technology company in NYC helping drastically improve home care with a mobile application helping medical providers know what is happening in the home.  We are looking for a Mobile Device Manager to help us build and manage our fleet of iPads and potentially Android.  This role will start as part-time and become full time as the company expands its existing trials and field presence.  Applicant will also need to identify potential sources for mobile devices and connectivity.   Responsibilities include:  Operations  - Load and configure the eCaring application on devices (ipads iOS 5 and Android)  - Arrange for purchase of devices and necessary peripherals   - Setup, stage and test devices  - Manage software versions through web tool (MUST have knowledge of AirWatch, Knappsack and other tools)  - Troubleshoot application and communications of devices in field  - Communicate application issues back to development team  - Coordinate with field trainers - Assess quality of Product  - Test new features and issue they are complete. - Assist to daily meeting with development team.  Business Development - assess platforms, services and opportunities - interact at technical and business development levels with device providers such as Apple, Android, Lexus and system integrators, and wireless and 3G service providers such as Verizon, AT&T, Spring, T-Mobile, etc. to determine best option for company in developing a scalable, low cost solution to providing tablets/mobile devices in low-income households  Applicant should have experience in negotiating relationships with such providers, and practical experience in deploying and managing devices in the field.  Applicant should be able to manage the acquisition, staging, deployment, updating, troubleshooting, support and all other aspects of implementing mobile solutions for the Company.   Required skills: -  BA or working towards a BA in Computer Science or related field (Masters and +3 years experience preferred) - Experience on Mobile application testing, Android, IPhone, iPAD  - Candidate must be a self-starter that does not need a great deal of direction.  - Must be comfortable working with development and business teams to review and obtain approvals on various deliverable  - Work with appropriate teams to develop test plans, cases, test scripts and test data  - Strong organizational and communications skills  - Strong Knowledge of mobile device OSes (iOS and Android)  - Familiarity with mobile configuration and management tools  - Basic Knowledge of trouble tracking systems  - Team player, comfortable working in a deadline-driven environment  - Excellent documentation skills for documenting QA processes for the mobile development team.  Working with eCaring means a chance to have a real impact on the lives of over 60 million Americans in home care situations, and ultimately  internationally. This is great opportunity to join a quickly growing company making a positive impact.  Please email cover letter (*REQUIRED*) & resume information. _*Resumes without a cover letter WILL NOT be considered.*_






bs-degree-needed