eCaring, a rapidly growing Manhattan-based VC-funded health care software company, is looking for a Operations Director to integrate, coordinate and manage its product development, technology, marketing, sales and business development activities.     *About the Company*  eCaring generates actionable real time health care data from the home.  Its unique system enables home care aides, caregivers and patients to enter extensive data that helps keep patients in their homes and out of the hospital, lowering care costs while improving quality of care for the elderly, chronically ill and low income vulnerable populations.   The Company's works with Managed Care Organizations, Managed Long Term Care Plans (MLTCs), Home Health Agencies, Hospitals and other programs.  The eCaring software is typically deployed on tablets in patients' homes, centrally managing them through a Mobile Device Management platform.  The Company requires a high level of coordination, oversight, integration and management of its product development, technology, field programs implementation, marketing and sales efforts.  We seek a Director of Operations to get all our trains running on time and in the same direction.  *Responsibilities: *  The Director of Operations will be responsible for overseeing day to day operations and specific projects for the Company, including:   • Establishing key tasks and priorities • Scheduling • Producing deliverables in a timely fashion • Managing field deployments • Integrating the Company's development, sales and marketing efforts  The Operations Director will report directly to the CEO.  *Qualifications and Experience:*  The Operations Director will have substantial experience in managing or overseeing developers or IT personnel and will also be able to oversee sales, marketing and business development staff to insure focused activities optimizing the unique position the company has in the health care marketplace.  He or she will be able to develop consistent reporting formats across company lines that establish clear goals, specific tasks, set priorities, assign responsibilities, develop schedules, insure timeliness of deliverable, assess outcomes and make ongoing modifications and adjustments   • 10+ years relevant experience working in a leadership position in an operations role • B.A. in a related field required, an advanced degree is a plus • Demonstrated experience leading teams and overseeing or managing developers or IT personnel • The ability to oversee and coordinate sales and marketing functions • Familiarity with project management tools and the ability to educate others in their use • Ability to structure oversight of field deployments of tablets and software • Strong project management skills with an ability to work with engineers, sales people, health care professionals, and senior level executives  • Great attention to detail coupled with the ability to understand and contribute to strategy and tactics, constantly seeking ways to work  productively and cost effectively • Comfortable with quantitative tools and a good written and verbal communicator • Flexibility to work in a rapidly changing environment embracing innovation while juggling multiple priorities • Knowledge of some facet of health care industry a plus, as is personal experience with home care situation • Strong commitment to the Company mission to improve health care for the elderly, chronically ill and low income vulnerable populations.  Compensation will include base pay and an opportunity for equity participation. *MUST BE LOCAL TO NYC*  *Applicants must submit resume and cover letter. Applications without a cover letter will not be considered.*






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed