Opportunity Solid Interactive www.example.com is looking for a full time web developer in the Elgin, Illinois office. The position is a mid-level to senior-level developer who will be responsible for building, documenting, and supporting software for Solid clients. A potential candidate would be well versed in PHP, HTML, Javascript, CSS and MySQL with an interest in advancing in other technologies.  Our work We are a heavy-lifting, service-for-hire, technology company. Much of our work is providing technical solutions to help solve our clients’ business challenges. Our experiences include:  developing dynamic websites, building connected applications for smart TVs, and creating engaging interactive apps for mobile devices. Over the past 5 years we have worked with a variety of clients in the entertainment, action sports, hospitality and clothing industries.  What we offer you The ability to make a difference: Our clients range from small startups to large multi-billion software corporations. Your involvement on a day-to-day basis will help our clients succeed.  Visibility: Our clients have major brand products in the marketplace. You could walk into a store and see what you have been working on for the last six months.  Variety: New clients, new projects, new environments, new challenges, new tools for your toolbelt.  Growth: With the variety of expertise in-house, you will have the opportunity to learn many new technologies.  We strive to provide each of our developers with a path to becoming a senior-level programmer.  The “what’s next”: We are working on business development constantly and moving our company forward. If our clients need something that is new and uncharted we say “game on.”  Work/life balance: Have friends? Family? We do too! Projects are scoped and proposed how they should be. Late hours and weekends are an exception not the norm.   What we want from you A fundamental and thorough understanding of OOP Understanding and experience with test driven development (PHP Unit) Experience refactoring and rewriting code Established principles for what makes for high quality code Familiar with UI/UX best practices Familiar with W3C standards Experience in JavaScript, CSS and the DOM Ability to provide accurate estimates for work breakdowns Being detail oriented Be prepared and open to learn something new   Skills that will make you shine: Participates in open source community / project contributor Familiar with newer technologies (MongoDB, NodeJS, Bootstrap, SASS, Backbone) Be able to work in more than one language. (PHP, .NET, JavaScript, Python, Ruby) Familiarity with team-based development (source control, documentation, QA, Scrum) Being a front-end guru (Complete understanding of HTML/CSS/JavaScript/DOM) Server management experience (Linux, Windows) Advanced OOP - patterns, methodologies, strategies    Requirements: 5+ Years of professional experience in PHP College degree  (CS or CIS preferred, but not required) Live in the Chicago area (not a telecommute position)  Benefits Competitive Salary 401K Profit Sharing Retirement Matching Health Care Coverage Bonuses Education Program Vacation Time    Please send a cover letter and a résumé with the subject \"Web Developer\".






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed