POSITION OPENING: Skilled Wound Care has a position opening for a full time PA-C or NP-C to join aN elective, mobile surgical wound care practice servicing skilled nursing facilities in California.     POSITION DESCRIPTION: This opportunity requires no overnight call, no chronic medical management, and no emergencies. This is an excellent opportunity for those seeking additional work to fill their week, or looking to slow down and enter a non-operative practice. Although there are procedures involved, they are elective and performed at the bedside.     LOCATIONS: Los Angeles, San Diego, Palm Springs, Inland Empire, San Jose, Oakland, San Francisco, Sacramento, Fresno, Chico, Redding, Eureka    REQUIREMENTS: The job does require driving, good judgement, affable personality, and basic wound care knowledge. Mandatory requirements include California Medical License without restriction, and the ability to follow policies and procedures for long-term care. Candidates must be board eligible or board certified in a surgical discipline.   --> Mon-Friday work only; 7am-3pm usual schedule, no evening, no nights, no weekends --> Must be available at least 3 days per week --> Available days must be consistent every week    REIMBURSEMENT: Practitioners are paid as independent contractors. The reimbursement may vary from 350-700$ depending on the volume of patients seen.     LOGISTICS: Company will provide: 1. Equipment 2. Full Malpractice 3. Credentialing Costs are covered 4. Travel allowances. Physician can choose which week day to make visits.     APPLICATION PROCESS: PLEASE RESPOND WITH 1. NAME AND CONTACT INFORMATION 2. LOCATION 3. BACKGROUND OR CV 4. INTEREST (how many days a week available etc.) This is a serious and excellent opportunity, please respond with the above and we will get back to you! Priority will be given to those who respond with all requested information.     Skilled Wound Care is a Subsidiary of Skilled Facility Health Care Solutions, Inc., a California medical corporation, which is physician owned and operated.






full-time-job licence-needed