OVERVIEW:  Skilled Wound Care is a mobile physician medical group. Our providers are only managing the patient's wound care, allowing them to get out of the hospital and escape long hours of being stuck in an office!  DESCRIPTION:  This opportunity requires no overnight call, no chronic medical management, and no emergencies. This is an excellent opportunity for those seeking additional work to fill their week, or looking to slow down and enter a non-operative practice. Although there are procedures involved, they are elective and performed at the bedside.  HOURS:  Our hours are less demanding and will not affect your personal life. Our physicians work Monday through Friday from 7:00 Am to 3:00 PM. Due to the nature of wound care, our physicians do not need to take calls or work on weekends.  REQUIREMENTS:  The job does require driving, good judgment, affable personality, and basic wound care knowledge. We hire physician assistants of all specialties and training backgrounds and provide training in wound care.  Mandatory requirements include CA Medical License without restriction, and the ability to follow policies and procedures for long-term care. You must also be able to dedicate at least one full week day to the position.  COMPENSATION:  Skilled Wound Care pays our physicians a competitive compensation for both full-time and part-time physicians. Our full-time Physicians earn $175,000 - $250,000 per year. Our part-time Physicians earn a minimum of $700 per day. LOGISTICS:  Skilled Wound Care provides:  (1) Equipment (2) Malpractice insurance (3) Credentialing (4) Wound care training  Visit our website: www.example.com Call us today at  XXX ! Learn more here: www.example.com  APPLICATION PROCESS:  Please respond with the following information:  (1) Name and Contact Information (e-mail and phone number) (2) Location (3) CV (4) Availability (how many days a week you're available, etc).  This is a serious work opportunity, please respond with the above and we will get back to you!  Priority will be given to those who respond with all requested information. • Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster. • do NOT contact us with unsolicited services or offers






licence-needed full-time-job