TECH WRITER  Work under this task order is unclassified and the contractor shall have a SECRET clearance.    PLACE OF PERFORMANCE: Kings Bay, GA 31547    TECH WRITER MUST AT A MINUMUM:     Highly skilled in the production of command instructions, various reports, documents, presentations, and charts using Microsoft Office suite products in a clear, concise and unambiguous manner Must have 5 years experience in writing procedures, manuals, and other operational/technical products and specializes in writing material regarding work methods and procedures Demonstrate professional skill in oral communication and presentations     Must have at least a High School Diploma . Possess the ability to read, write, and speak English fluently.    TECH WRITER SUPPORT:   Provide on-site Technical Writer II support to the security facilities and equipment during the normal working hours of 0700 to 1600, Monday through Friday, excluding federal holidays.     Revise, write and edit material that is mostly standardized for command reports, briefs, proposals, and related technical and administrative publications and instructions concerned with work methods and procedures, and installation, operation, and maintenance of security equipment using current Microsoft Word software program.     Receive prioritized work assignment and technical information required to revise and update command security instructions, procedures, and notices from the DGR .    Accesses and reference manufacturers' catalogs and drawings relative to the operation of assigned equipment and use information to revise, write, and edit command instructions and procedures.    Review provided notes or manuals containing operating procedures use information to revise, write, and edit command instructions, procedures, and notices .    Observe developmental activities and procedures for operational maintenance of security and training equipment and use information to expand or verify the provided operating procedures meet industry standards for performance and safety.    Maintain current records, files, and revisions of security instructions, procedures, and notices for training and maintenance.    May select photographs, drawings, sketches, diagrams, and charts to illustrate material, assist in laying out material for publication in command instructions, notices, and procedures, and arrange for distribution of material as required.    Coordinate arrangements for technical meetings, briefings; all contractor interfaces with government organizations shall be coordinated through the DGR.     Provide formal technical and/or programmatic status meetings/reports as required.    Provide agendas and minutes of all formal reviews and briefings     Prepare reports as required to document the daily actions assigned .    Provide replies to customer inquiries requesting advice and consultation on a variety of technical situations relating to the responsibilities of the Technical Writer function received via email, in person, or phone call.        






