The Grand Hotel (formerly Quality Inn) in Dallas is seeking qualified candidates to join their front desk team. All interested respond to this ad with a resume.  Hours:MIDNIGHT to 6AM SHIFT ONLY AT THIS TIME.  Job Summary Represents the hotel to the guest throughout all stages of the guest's stay. Determines a guest's reservation status and identifies how long the guest will stay. Helps guests complete registration cards and then assigns rooms accommodating special requests whenever possible. Verifies the guest's method of payment and follows established credit-checking procedures. Places guest and room information in the appropriate front desk racks, and communicates this information to the appropriate hotel personnel. Works closely with the housekeeping department in keeping room status reports up to date and coordinates requests for maintenance and repair work. Maintains guest room key storage, and maintains and supervises access to safe deposit boxes. Must be sales-minded. Presents options and alternatives to guests and offers assistance in making choices. Knows the location and types of available rooms as well as the activities and services of the property.  Duties and Responsibilities: - Registers guests and assigns rooms. - Accommodates special requests whenever possible. - Assists in pre-registration and blocking of rooms for reservations. - Thoroughly understands and adheres to proper credit, check-cashing, and cash-handling policies and procedures - Understands room status and room status tracking. - Knows room locations, types of rooms available, and room rates. - Uses suggestive selling techniques to sell rooms and to promote other services of the hotel. - Coordinates room status updates with the housekeeping department by notifying housekeeping of all check-outs, late check-outs, early check-ins, special requests, and part-day rooms. - Possesses a working knowledge of the reservations department. Takes same day reservations and future reservations when necessary. Knows cancellation procedures. - Files room keys. - Knows how to use front office equipment. - Processes guest check-outs. - Posts and files all charges to guest, master, and city ledger accounts. - Follows procedures for issuing and closing safe deposit boxes. - Uses proper telephone etiquette. - Uses proper mail, package, and message handling procedures. - Reads and initials the pass-on log and bulletin board daily. Is aware of daily activities and meetings taking place in the hotel. - Attends department meetings. - Coordinates guestroom maintenance work with the engineering and maintenance division. - Reports any unusual occurrences or request to the manager or assistant manager - Knows all safety and emergency procedures. Is aware of accident prevention policies. - Maintains the cleanliness and neatness of the front desk area. - Understands that business demands sometimes make it necessary to move employees from their accustomed shift to other shifts.  The ideal candidate must be a high school graduate or equivalent and possess excellent written and oral communication skills and be proficient in English. Previous hotel-related experience is desired, but not required.  Hours: Any - Midnight Shift Hours Only Location: The Grand Hotel in Dallas, TX Compensation: $8-$12 plus opportunities for bonuses Principals only. Recruiters, please don't contact this job poster. Please, no phone calls about this job! Please do not contact job poster about other services, products or commercial interests.  If interested respond to this ad with a resume or apply in person at the The Grand Hotel Dallas 7815 LBJ Freeway Dallas, TX 75251 or respond to this Job Posting






hourly-wage