Working closely throughout the Midwest/Northwest with the Urban Accounts and Regional Sales teams support Renaissance Learning’s urban strategy by developing, managing and fostering positive, high level relationships with 8 to 10 assigned, key urban accounts within a region with the ultimate goal of achieving a wall-to-wall, total solution presence for RLI products and services within the key urban districts.     - Strategize with RVP, Urban team and senior sales management to determine urban accounts that offer RLI the greatest opportunity to accelerate learning within a region.   - Strategize the approach and methodology to assure consistent presence in the named accounts. Be visible and frequent in these accounts.   - Attend all state/regional/local events that the superintendents’ for the named accounts in the region will be attending, building strong relationships with the key accounts and other Superintendents in the region as well as key deputies.   - Present and follow up on all opportunities.   - Do presentations with senior urban accounts team as needed.   - Build strong working relationships within the region with the RVP and sales team.     Bachelor’s degree from a four-year college or university in education or related field preferred; plus 5 to 10 years of K-12 sales experience into urban school districts.    Please apply to: www.example.com    *About Renaissance Learning:*    Renaissance Learning is a leading provider of technology-based school improvement and student assessment programs for K12 schools. Adopted by more than 72,000 schools, Renaissance Learning's tools provide daily formative assessment and periodic progress-monitoring technology to enhance core curriculum, support differentiated instruction, and personalize practice in reading, writing and math.     Renaissance Learning products help educators make the practice component of their existing curriculum more effective by providing tools to personalize practice and easily manage the daily activities for students of all levels. As a result, teachers using Renaissance Learning products accelerate learning, get more satisfaction from teaching, and help students achieve higher test scores on state and national tests.     Renaissance Learning has seven U.S. locations and subsidiaries in Canada and the United Kingdom.  






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job