Food Service Director  We are looking for self motivated leaders in the Philadelphia Area to join our team. Lintons Managed Services is a Dynamic  Food Service Company  with opportunites in Healthcare, Educational, Production and Juvenile Justice Facilities. These positions require a leader who can motivate, direct and lead a staff of associates to success.You must have excellent communication skills for both internal and external customers. Must have high sanitation standards and practices, HACCP experience, and a passion for quality food  The Food Service Director prepares budgets and controls expenses. Candidate will be responsible for the operations, staffing, profitability and development of the of the unit. As a Food Service Director you will provide overall planning, direction and control to in order to achieve both operational and financial goals. .The Food Service Director provides guidance, development and motivation to unit staff.    Qualifications:   Experience in managing a food service operation. Must posess Strategic/Critical thinking skills to collaborate on dining services operations. Demonstrated ability to provide leadership strength to an hourly staff. Provide direction for selection, training , development and supervision. Fiscal management experience including managing budgets within company and client targets. Strong interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills. Ability to communicate effectively. Liaison between company resources and client. Proficiency in all Microsoft Office applications is required. Bachelors degree in nutrition, dietetics, hospitality, business or other related field preferred    Key Responsibilities include the following:   Plan, direct and coordinate the activities of production employees in order to prepare and deliver finished food product to clients.  Responsible for receiving and managing food production activities of hourly employees  Directly supervise employees with responsibility for training  Ensures appropriate sanitation standards and requirements are met .  Responsible for insuring procedural compliance in support of workplace safety.  Inventory control  Ensure HAACP Compliance  Responsible for all aspects of Employee training  Responsible for insuring compliance with standards, procedures and specifications    Requirements : Completion of ServSafe and required local health department certification is necessary. Must demonstrate a thorough knowledge of food service with minimum 5 years experience.  Minimum 5 years management experience.  Food Service Degree preferred.  Prior experience in a high volume operation.  Effective oral and written skills. Ability to communicate effectively with administration, employees, and nutrition services staff.  Proficiency in the operation of a personal computer in a Windows environment to include the Microsoft Office Suite and Outlook.   Benefits Package  Competitive Salary  Health/ Dental/ Life Insurance  401K with Company Match  Flexible Spending Account  Paid Time Off  Tuition Reimbursement Program  Email Resume with salary requirements






salary supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed licence-needed