Location: Lacey, Washington In-House Position  Position: Full Time Contract to Permanent  Salary: Highly Competitive  Relocation Compensation for the right candidate!    Job Description    Lacey, Washington based Summit Marketing Associates is looking for an experienced Web Designer to head our Creative Arts department.  Primary responsibilities for this position will include producing highly impactful yet sophisticated designs for several web properties across a variety of business to business and business to consumer markets.    Additional responsibilities, depending on experience, may include creation of sales and marketing materials in an interactive video, HTML 5 or Flash environment.  This is a creative position within an agency setting.      Job Requirements    • Bachelor of Arts in Interactive Design, Web, new media – or equivalent experience  • 3 – 5 years web design experience  • Online portfolio including B to B and B to C design  • Previous departmental management or supervisorial experience  • Experience interacting with C-Suite executives in an enterprise setting  • Fluency in Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Web graphics optimization, HTML, CSS  • Knowledge of PHP, WordPress CMS skinning, as well as JQuery or AJAX preferred  • Final Cut Pro or other similar video editing experience preferred    Online Portfolio    Candidates must possess a web portfolio showing the diversity of your skills and experience that reflect highly polished and visually stunning design for B to B and B to C markets.  While these would ideally be live web sites, an online portfolio showing screen-captures, design renderings or proof of concept interactive video will be accepted.      What We Offer  • Nationally competitive salary  • Health, Dental and Vision Insurance after probationary period  • Business casual work environment  • Collegial yet professional workplace    Additional Information  • Non-Smoking work environment.  • Employment contingent upon passing a background check and drug test.    To apply for this position, please send all resume’s and portfolios to our parent company by clicking to apply button.






salary 2-4-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed