Retention Manger    Join Our Family, Build Your Career!    Are you looking to be part of a company that is a proven leader in its industry? Do you want to work with the best and brightest where your creativity and ideas are valued? Do you want to feel supported and to know you will be set up for success? Come join our team where you will work with an amazing group of people!    Summit Marketing Associates is a multi-million dollar company located in Lacey and we are that quickly growing! The continued growth and stability of our company has generated a new opportunity for a Retention Manager.  We are looking for a self-motivated, efficient person to join our Team!  The ideal candidate will be a team player and demonstrate the ability to take initiative to get the job done!    The Retention Manger is responsible for identifying, planning, designing and implementing opportunities for improvement in Customer Loyalty.    JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES:  • Provide program and project management oversight over reduction initiatives. Ensures that planned initiatives are being launched on time and on strategy by tracking progress against milestones, proactively and reactively identifying and removing risks and barriers, and constantly challenging team about their ability to successfully deliver results.  • Identify potential risks, establishes communications and mitigations to address them. Communicates risks in clear business terms and technical terms and provides clear messaging and solution options at a senior leadership and executive level. Understands what is important to different stakeholders in the business and ensures that their interests are protected as well as the overall program objective throughout project planning and execution.  • Responsible for building business case and requirements for implementation.   • Assist in planning, designing and implementing opportunities for improvement in loyalty initiatives.  • Must be able to foster a positive and productive work environment, with ability to lead, build teams, and motivate staff.  • Track production of team in relation to retention strategies.  • Manage high sales call volume and presentation activity  • Proactively contact customers who are identified as at risk of cancellation and ensure that every opportunity to retain these customers is investigated.    Qualifications  JOB REQUIREMENTS:  • 5 years of management experience over a team of 15 people  • 5 years of experience in customer retention or relationship management  • Must be proficient and have experience using MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint)   • Excellent written and verbal communication skills; effectively communicates with all employee levels and levels of management.  • Proven experience with identifying & resolving project impacting issues, works with members of the team and business executives to develop and implement viable solutions.  • Demonstrated business case skills     EDUCATIONAL REQUIREMENTS:   Bachelors, MBA or advanced degree preferred in Business.    BENEFITS:  • Competitive salary   • Medical, dental vision plans paid 75% by the Company  • Company gym located in our building   • Anniversary rewards  • Diverse atmosphere  • Monthly employee events    If you are a results oriented Retention Manager who would enjoy working for a company that provides a dynamic, family-oriented environment, this is the perfect opportunity for you! There aren't many other companies out there like us, so don't miss out, apply today!    TO APPLY:  Please send your resume, detailed cover letter, and salary requirements with \"Retention Manager\" in the subject line.    Accepted applicants must pass a criminal background check and drug test prior to hire.     Summit Marketing Associates is an equal employment opportunity employer.      






bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed supervising-job salary