LivHOME (www.example.com), the fastest-growing professionally led home care provider, is seeking a Geriatric Care Manager to help develop our new AUSTIN REGIONAL MARKET. Our Care Managers assist clients and their families with decisions related to aging, available services and long-term care planning.     This is a full time position and will require flexibility in scheduling and after-hours availability to support the business. The position is responsible for managing and navigating the issues clients (and potential clients) and their families will face as they are or will be managing a chronic condition. They will assess each family situation by evaluating the client’s functionality, health, emotional state and living environment, as well as their financial and legal needs, in an effort to enhance their overall quality of life.    *Some of the Essential Duties & Responsibilities:*    * Uses professional care management skills to independently assess and reassess client status, including physical and mental health, social resources, environmental safety, economic resources and functional ability.  * Drafts, implements and revises the client Plan of Care and Caregiving Plan to ensure appropriateness, effectiveness, efficiency and client satisfaction.  * Collaborates with families and other service providers to facilitate care coordination and information sharing within HIPAA and other regulatory guidelines.  * Provides supportive counseling to and conflict resolution with clients and family members; serves as an advocate for the well-being of the client.  * Makes referrals to appropriate community agencies such as crisis intervention, legal advocacy and counseling agencies for medical, mental, physical, financial, legal and social needs.    *Knowledge and Skills Requirements:*    * Preferred candidate: master’s degree in social work or related field or current licensed registered nurse (RN). Acceptable candidate: bachelor’s degree in gerontology, psychology, nursing, health and human services, or other related field. Licensure in clinical social work highly desired.  * A minimum of two years’ experience in geriatrics and/or care management required; other professional experience may substitute.  * Care management certification (CCM or CMC) preferred.  * Ability to interface effectively and professionally with client committee, including family, physicians, attorneys, etc.  * Ability to work in a team environment required.  * Excellent written and verbal communication skills required.  * PC literacy required.  * Valid driver’s license and proof of current auto insurance required.  * Availability outside of regular office hours, as needed, for new intakes and assessments, as well as supporting existing clients and caregivers.    LivHOME’s mission is to provide at-home services that enable seniors to live in their own homes for as long as possible.    By joining the team of professionals at LivHOME, you will provide a valuable service to our clients, partner with health care professionals and earn a very competitive base salary plus incentive compensation opportunities!






2-4-years-experience-needed full-time-job bs-degree-needed