*Helix Medical LLC* is a dynamic, innovative, growth-oriented Company. We specialize in the design, manufacturing, marketing and sales of silicone medical devices and components.   We offer a competitive salary plus a full range of benefits including medical, dental & vision insurance, basic & supplemental life, long term & short term disability, and 401K.   Your new career is waiting!!!! Become a key player at a rapidly growing medical device engineering and manufacturing company!!!   *Excellent opportunity for the right candidate!!* • Must be motivated  • THRIVE in a fast-paced environment striving for continuous improvement.  • Strong business and technical acumen  • Ability to use data to drive results • Position reports directly to the Production Supervisor  *Qualifications* • High School Diploma or GED • 5 to 10 years of experience with setting up molds and processes for injection molding machines and automated assembly equipment.  • 6 to 8 years in of experience with equipment maintenance for molding machines,  • 3-5 years mold set-up experience • Strong verbal, written and interpersonal skills  • Ability to take initiative  • Persistent with disciplined follow-up regarding customers and internal departments. • Technical experience troubleshooting injection molding equipment issues with respect to mechanical, electrical, hydraulic, electronic, and pneumatic systems. • Experience assembling/disassembling injection molding tooling • Scientific Injection Molding Background preferred • DOE/Validation Experience preferred • Ability to read and analyze hydraulic, electric, and pneumatic blueprints  • Experience assembling/disassembling injection molding equipment and tooling • Basic metrology tool knowledge: gauge pins, micrometers, tool scope, etc.. • Experience working in a related manufacturing environment.   *Primary Responsibilities:* • Monitors and corrects efficiencies of processes • Trains employees on jobs • Performs machine/mold setups and trouble shoots process and machine issues  • Ensures all documentation is complete and accurate • Implement and maintain SIM (scientific Injection Molding) where appropriate • Performs maintenance of all machinery, equipment, and systems • Operates machine tools such as lathe, grinder, drill and milling machine to repair or fabricate machine parts, jigs, or fixtures and tools  • Coordinates external design/fabrication. • Clean, lubricate, measure, and prepare molds for production  • Implements and leads Predictive Maintenance Program for the facility • Pulls, cleans, measures screws and barrels as required – maintaining updated/accurate database. • Ensures proper safety and company policies/guidelines • Supports ISO-9001/2000 QMS • Overtime and weekends may be required and are considered to be part of job. • Other duties as assigned by Production Supervisor or Manufacturing Manager.  Want to learn more about Helix Medical? Check out our website at www.example.com. *This position is full-time, onsite in Gloucester, MA.*   *Apply and send resume and cover letter explaining why you are the right candidate for this job with the subject: Job Code SPT0112IND.*   Helix Medical is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer.  Agencies & Direct Placements: Helix Medical LLC practice is to partner and work with our approved vendors only. Any resumes submitted from unapproved vendors will be considered unsolicited, and Helix Medical will not be obligated to pay a referral fee.






salary 5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job