Summary:  Firmware Engineer responsible for the development of embedded process monitoring and control systems in real-time environment. They will be responsible for new product development and sustaining engineering.   Position Outcomes:  Lead firmware architect for design and development of new products, and supporting the existing product lines. Plan, improve and manage firmware from inception to use. Will work with in-house resources and outside engineering contracting firms to manage all stages of product life cycle and ensure delivery of code according to company's target completion dates.  Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following. Other duties may be assigned. • Lead development of firmware for the next generation of high-precision  instrumentation, such as, controllers, meters, signal conditioners, transmitters, and data loggers • Will be responsible for architecting the firmware system for high reliability in a rapid product development environment including writing maintainable code • Rely on advanced knowledge of C & C++ language  to architect new product platform development  • Responsible for software configuration management • Perform unit or functional testing of developed software to ensure correct operation per functional requirements and compatibility with other components in the system including debugging & testing • Create and implement the algorithm development of a variety of electronic devices including closed looped controllers • Allocate resources to complete programming projects, and designing detailed plans to ensure firmware is functioning properly and able to meet deadlines. • Ability to determine product readiness for product transfer into manufacturing. • Under limited supervision, performs a variety of design tasks, utilizing knowledge and abilities to work on assignments that could be non-routine in nature and where no established procedures may exist. • Prepare slides for gate reviews, and routine correspondence for project status.  • Update knowledge and skills to keep up with rapid advancements. • Occasional travel (less than 10%).  Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:  To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following knowledge, skills and abilities: • Skilled in various embedded programming languages C, C++, Object-Oriented design and Assembly.  • Knowledge of Real-Time Firmware Architectures and Real-Time-Operating-Systems (RTOS) for Embedded Processors. • Experienced with RS232/RS485/USB and Ethernet communication protocols. • Experience programing 32 bit microcontrollers applied to embedded control systems • Knowledge of hardware systems and ability to read schematics • Self-starter and a team player in a diversified and dynamic and fast paced product development environment • Knowledge of the practical application of engineering science and technology. This includes applying principles, techniques, procedures, and equipment to the design and production of various goods and services.  • Skilled in the use of firmware debugging tools • Good verbal and communication skills in a fast paced R&D Team Product Development Environment. • Knowledge of PID Controller Algorithms, a plus. • Familiar with ARM and 8051 microcontrollers a plus.  Competencies:  To perform the job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies: • Adaptability – adapts to changes in the work environment; changes approach or method to best fit the situation; able to deal with frequent change, delays or unexpected events. • Analytical Thinking - the ability to tackle a problem by using a logical, systematic, sequential approach. • Design – generates creative solutions; translates concepts and information into released products; uses feedback to modify designs; applies design principles; demonstrates attention to detail. • Innovation – displays original thinking and creativity; meets challenges with resourcefulness; generates suggestions for improving work; develops innovative approaches and ideas. • Oral Communication – listens and gets clarification; responds well to questions; participates in meetings. • Problem Solving - identifies and resolves problems in a timely matter, gathers and analyzes information skillfully, develops alternative solutions, works well in a group problem solving situations. • Technical Expertise -  the ability to demonstrate depth of knowledge and skill in a technical area. • Thoroughness - ensuring that one's own and others' work and information are complete and accurate; carefully preparing for meetings and presentations; following up with others to ensure that agreements and commitments have been fulfilled.  Communication Skills:   • Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar.  • Ability to speak effectively before groups of customers or employees of organization.  Mathematical Skills:  Very High Skills:   • Ability to apply advanced mathematical concepts such as exponents, logarithms, quadratic equations, and permutations.   • Ability to apply mathematical operations to such tasks as frequency distribution, determination of test reliability and validity, analysis of variance, correlation techniques, sampling theory, and factor analysis.  • Ability to comprehend and apply principles of advanced calculus, modern algebra, and advanced statistical theory.  • Ability to work with concepts such as limits, rings, quadratic and differential equations, and proofs of theorems.  Reasoning Ability:  • Ability to define problems, collect data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions.  • Ability to interpret an extensive variety of technical instructions in mathematical or diagram form and deal with several abstract and concrete variables.  • Ability to apply principles of logical or scientific thinking to a wide range of intellectual and practical problems.   • Ability to deal with nonverbal symbolism (formulas, scientific equations, graphs, musical notes, etc.,) in its most difficult phases.   • Ability to deal with a variety of abstract and concrete variables.    Computer Skills:   • Utilize complex computer operations (intermediate programming in 3rd and 4th generation languages, relational databases, and operating systems).   • Proficient knowledge of Microsoft Excel, Word, Power Point, Project and Outlook.  Physical Demands:  The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  • While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel and talk or hear.  • The employee is frequently required to sit for long periods of time.   • The employee is occasionally required to stoop or kneel.  • The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 10 pounds.   • Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, color vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus.  Work Environment:  The work environment characteristics described here are representatives of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of the job.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.  • While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly exposed to an office environment, working at a desk with a computer in a cubicle, with design colleagues nearby. • The noise level in the work environment is usually low.  Education and/or Experience: • BS degree in Engineering and 5 years’ experience or Master’s Degree with 3+ years of experience






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed