Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. has an immediate opening for a Pricing Analyst in our Fort Collins, CO office.  The primary responsibility of the Pricing and Commercial Data Analyst is to act as the point of contact for internal customer needs with regard to SAP master data, processing reports, monitoring commercial activities, and general support within the organization.   *ESSENTIAL RESPONSIBILITIES:*  • Serve as Lead on projects to update and maintain pricing in SAP for global locations.  • Maintains commissions tables in SAP • Performs quarterly exchange rate roles in SAP • Subject Matter Expert for sales and service group in SAP Pricing system and Salesforce • Executes requests for miscellaneous pricing updates for new and existing products globally.   • Reporting:  Compiles and produces reports and statistical information using SAP and Salesforce.  Gathers data, prepares and distributes summary reports.  • Ability to work independently set priorities, meets deadlines and exercise good judgment. • Responsive to internal requests for miscellaneous reporting.  • BW Reporting:  revenue, margin, activity, forecasting, etc.  *WORK ENVIRONMENT:* Work in a standard office environment using general office equipment (phone, scanner, fax, copier, PC, etc).  Operate in individual and team settings under limited supervision.  Requires movement around office and between buildings for meetings.   *SKILLS:*  • Requires strong computer skills in spreadsheets (Excel), word processing (Word), email, data management, and business systems (SAP preferred).   • Strong attention to detail. • Manage and follow-up on competing priorities, conflicts and problems in a demanding and time-sensitive environment. • Positive and professional attitude.  Work with team spirit or as individual contributor with limited supervision.   • Manage time and work efficiently and in an organized fashion.  Provide prompt follow up.  *EXPERIENCE:* Mandatory: Excellent computer skills to include creating reports and spreadsheets, utilizing Excel.  Basic understanding of global currencies and exchange rates.  SAP is preferred.  The ability to manage priorities and make independent decisions.     *EDUCATION:* Desirable: BA/BS in Business, International Business, or related field, or equivalent education and/or experience.






bs-degree-needed