Vault.com seeks an enthusiastic and business oriented Account Executive to join Vault’s Enterprise Licensing team. The Account Executive would be selling Vault’s premium database subscription services into elite educational programs across the country.      This position will be responsible for not only actively cultivating new business, but maintaining contact with an assigned book of business and ensuring continued business to meet quarterly goals. The Account Executive should be a focused, proactive self-starter, and have the ability to reach key decision makers. Above all, the Account Executive will be able meet or exceed objectives in the areas of revenue, customer satisfaction and market penetration.     This is a unique opportunity for a results-driven individual to grow all facets of subscription revenue and to become a key player at a growing, dynamic digital media and information organization.     This position reports to the Associate Director.     Job Responsibilities:   •Meet or exceed revenue goals.  •Maintain high volume of daily phone activity to sell to maximum number of prospects and clients.  •Present client-specific demonstrations of Vault’s services and product suite.  •Prospect and warm lead follow-up.  •Work collaboratively with content and corporate sales teams to drive revenue growth with the new and existing clients/customers.  •Represent Company in the marketplace at regional and national conferences (travel may be required).    Qualifications:   •Business-related college degree.  •BA/BS degree preferred.    Experience:   •At least 3 years of relevant B2B sales experience preferred.  •Experience with subscription licensing and education-based clients a plus.  •Equivalent combination of training and experience.    Skills   •Excellent written, verbal and phone communication skills.  •Ability to deliver results under pressure and perform well in a high-activity, dynamic environment.  •Proven team player.  •Ability to work independently.    Excellent benefits package offered.   EOE






bs-degree-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed