*Possible Travel: California  Term: 3 Months, 7/2/12 - 9/28/12 (approximate)  Pay: Depending on Experience, send your hourly requirement  Experience: 5+ years  Work status: Required- US Citizen with Federal Government background clearance, preferred secret clearance    Background:* IBM’s Virtual Lifetime Electronic Records (VLER) program, with a US Government customer, has a need for an experienced java developer.  The IBM development team’s java developer will work closely with both the VLER PMO and the VLER Development teams to provide technical support and subject matter expertise in developing and modifying applications.     *Job Duties:*  Job Duty 1 - Work with client, client customers, IBM and other contractors to develop / edit applications  Job Duty 2 - Attend client and IBM team meetings as necessary  Job Duty 3 - Complete status reports and other report-outs as necessary  Job Duty 4 - Complete all administrative duties (time and expense reporting) on time and in accordance with IBM policy    *Basic Skills, clearances and other elements required, in order of importance, and number of years experience, where applicable,  in each skill:*  1) Minimum 5 years’ experience with Java, Java EE, XML, SOAP and EJB  2) National Agency Check required.  An existing secret clearance or higher is preferred.  Any application that does not include this information will not be considered or followed up on.  3) Ability to perform in remote setting, but also willing to travel (primarily, but not limited to) Seaside, CA throughout the contract.  Travel to date for developers has been minimal.     4) Ability to perform duties outlined in position description to the satisfaction of project managers, client and customers.    5) Skilled in interacting with customers from numerous organizations extensively through technical exchange meetings, formal reviews at key program milestones, system demonstrations and briefings, etc.    Federal Integrated Systems Corporation (FEDSYNC) is an Equal Opportunity Employer.






5-plus-years-experience-needed hourly-wage