Open Systems International, Inc. (www.example.com) is a fast paced and dynamic software company, specializing in automation software for electric utilities and related industries worldwide. We are currently seeking full-time, highly professional, career-oriented Automation Technicians for assignments in Baltimore, Maryland; Salt Lake City, Utah; and our corporate headquarters in Minneapolis, Minnesota.   Automation Technicians work in a dynamic team environment to design, deliver and commission control and data acquisition (SCADA) systems to electric utilities to increase the efficiency and effectiveness of the electrical grid and to related industries and customers looking to improve the efficiency of resource delivery and the reliability of their operations.  PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES MAY INCLUDE: • Programming, troubleshooting, installation, commissioning/decommissioning support activities and preventative maintenance program development related to SCADA automation systems.   • Responsibilities are similar to many HVAC, PLC, building automation and industrial control systems disciplines.  The responsibilities listed reflect essential functions and do not prescribe or restrict the tasks that may be assigned.  REQUIRED QUALIFICATIONS: • Associates Degree in Building Automation Technology, Mechanical or Electrical Technology, or other technical focus from an accredited college or 6+ years working in the installation, maintenance and troubleshooting of HVAC or SCADA controls software systems (i.e. programming and installing a direct digital control, creating system graphics, etc…). • 2+ years of experience supporting and programming a building automation system for HVAC, building controls or similar skills and experience.   ADDITIONAL PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: • Certifications or technical credentials demonstrating high proficiency in managing and programming an HVAC or SCADA controls software system. • Certifications or technical credentials demonstrating high proficiency in PLC programming for industrial control systems. • Experience in Building Commissioning utilizing building automation systems including documenting, program troubleshooting and corrective actions.  • Experience with building automation software. • Experience programming building system controls in an industrial or research facility environment. • Experience and understanding of large building HVAC or SCADA systems and their mechanical/electrical controls.  OTHER REQUIREMENTS: • Valid Driver's License. • Permanent work authorization in the United States without sponsorship. • Ability to obtain a security access badge at our client's location. • Ability and flexibility to travel to domestic and international customer sites for field work. • All positions may require various shifts, weekends and alternative work schedules.  OSI offers a comprehensive benefit package to our full-time regular employees. Benefits include flexible work hours, health, dental, life and disability insurance, 401(k) matching, bonuses, profit sharing and a generous amount of paid time off and paid holidays.   Additional perks include free beverages, employee events, fitness discounts, casual Fridays, exciting travel opportunities, direct deposit, employee referral bonus programs, and monthly birthday and anniversary celebrations.   As an employee of OSI you will have access to cutting edge technologies in a fun, professional, positive and dynamic work environment. We have excellent opportunities for growth and development. To join our successful team, apply below.  Please forward your resume, cover letter and salary expectations via email to Human Resources.  Include the following Reference Job Code in your EMAIL Subject Line: AE1-12  If you are unable to apply electronically, please send your resume with appropriate job code to:  OSI, Human Resources  4101 Arrowhead Drive Medina, MN 55340  OSI is an Equal Opportunity Employer.






associate-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed