Open Systems International, Inc. (www.example.com) is a fast paced and dynamic software company, specializing in automation software for electric utilities and related industries worldwide. We are currently seeking full-time, highly professional, career-oriented, entry-level Engineers. Knowledge of electric utilities, power systems, communications, software integration, computer architecture and/or networking is desired.   PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES MAY INCLUDE: • Design, plan, integrate, test, deliver and commission OSI systems.  • Implement project requirements through interaction with OSI project team leads. • Provide networking and system/application design. • Perform hardware, software and system installation, integration and testing for systems based on customer requirements and OSI standards. • Customize system, hardware and network configuration based on customer requirements. • Provide customer support and assistance per contract maintenance and warranty. • Interact with internal and external project teams. • Assist in creating training materials and project documentation as needed. • Project related travel.  The responsibilities listed reflect essential functions and do not prescribe or restrict the tasks that may be assigned.  POSITION REQUIREMENTS: • BS or MS degree from an accredited institution in Electrical Engineering, Systems Engineering, Computer Engineering, Engineering Technology or related field. • Strong technical background in automation and computers. Familiarity with public utilities.  • Knowledge of computer programming. An introduction to C programming at minimum. • Knowledge of computer architectures, networking, databases and operating systems. • Excellent organization, interpersonal and leadership skills. • Strong commitment to providing superior customer service. • Ability to work on several projects in parallel. • Excellent analytical and problem solving skills. • Ability and flexibility to travel to domestic and international customer sites. • Permanent work authorization in the United States. • Ability to proficiently speak Spanish is a plus. • No previous electrical engineering work experience required.   OSI offers a comprehensive benefit package to our full-time regular employees. Benefits include flexible work hours, health, dental, life and disability insurance, 401(k) matching, bonuses, profit sharing and a generous amount of paid time off and paid holidays.   Additional perks include free beverages, employee events, fitness discounts, casual Fridays, exciting travel opportunities, direct deposit, employee referral bonus programs, and monthly birthday and anniversary celebrations.   As an employee of OSI you will have access to cutting edge technologies in a fun, professional, positive and dynamic work environment. We have excellent opportunities for growth and development. To join our successful team, apply below.  Please forward your resume, cover letter and salary expectations via email to Human Resources.  Include the following Reference Job Code in your EMAIL Subject Line: SYD1-12  If you are unable to apply electronically, please send your resume with appropriate job code to:  OSI, Human Resources  4101 Arrowhead Drive Medina, MN 55340  OSI is an Equal Opportunity Employer.






bs-degree-needed full-time-job