Maintenance Engineer    We are actively recruiting for a Maintenance Engineer with commercial laundry experience in our Puget Sound Laundry Facility in Kent.    For this position we are seeking someone who will be in charge of assessing facility wide maintenance needs, and schedule the preventative maintenance on the machines. This person would also work to identify and help prevent potential dangers in the facility to eliminate accidents and system breakdowns. The ideal candidate would have a background working on and maintaining Commercial Laundry equipment, as well as a strong knowledge of OSHA and WISHA.     This is a great opportunity to join a well established company with solid benefits and a competitive salary; signing bonus is available.     Northwest Center offers a complete benefits package with 100% employer paid Medical. Northwest Center also offers Dental, Vision, 401k with Employer match!    Position Requirements:  *Associates degree or two (2) years formal training  *Computer Driven Control experience  *Experienced Electrician (License preferred)  *Experience at a Commercial Laundry Facility  *Five (5) years experience in mechanical and electrical equipment operation and maintenance  *Current Boiler's License preferred  *Knowledge of general laundry equipment knowledge useful  *Familiar with OSHA (Occupational Safety and Health) standards and MSDS (Material Safety Data Sheet)    Please view the entire job description and apply online at www.example.com    Position information:  This position is responsible for operating and maintaining Puget Sound Laundry Services' steam plant, air systems, and high temperature water system and keeping them in good working order to ensure safe and efficient operation of the system and to meet demands for the service provided. The Maintenance Engineer also performs preventive maintenance on all laundry equipment and performs daily custodial work in the laundry to assure a clean, safe, quality production environment.    If you are a qualified individual with a disability or a disabled veteran, you may request a reasonable accommodation if you are unable or limited in your ability to use or access Northwest Center's Job Openings page as a result of your disability. You can request reasonable accommodations by sending us an e-mail or contacting us at  XXX   Northwest Center is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  






5-plus-years-experience-needed salary associate-needed