*PLEASE DO NOT SUBMIT YOUR RESUME IF YOU DO NOT HAVE QUALIFIED FEDERAL EXPERIENCE, WE WILL ONLY BE CONTACTING QUALIFIED CANDIDATES. PLEASE PROVIDE YOUR SALARY REQUIREMENTS, WORK AUTHORIZATION, AVAILABILITY, AND CONTACT INFORMATION.*    This posting is an open position, we will contact you back when we have a need for your skill set. Please do not submitt your resume more than once.    Thanks in advance.  FEDSYNC    *Essential Duties and Responsibilities (Day to day functions):*  -Locate and collect requested records (combination of manual and electronic searches), research and evaluate material, and apply regulatory guidelines and procedures that will assist it in determining what is releasable under the provisions of the FOIA and the Privacy Act.     - Locate responsive records which will require the electronic search of various automated systems or perform manual search for records as required.     -Submit reports outlining search findings and positions on any nondisclosable material, citing exemptions and providing specific rationale for nondisclosure of records. The report shall also discuss recommendations for required disclosure of records IAW the organization’s FOIA regulations.     -Upon approval indicating the report is acceptable, draft a determination letter, using preset exemption language. The letter must include citations for the exemptions used, specific rationale for nondisclosure of records as well as appeal rights of the requester. Finally, a statement of charges must be developed which list any search/review time associated with processing the request and noting any associated copying fees.     -Supervise a team of FOIA specialists and Analysts to complete work in a hectic environment. Help clean up a back log of 500+ FOIA requests to completion with in 6 months.    *Minimum Requirements:*  1) At least 10 years experience dealing primarily with actual processing of FOIA and Privacy Act requests (collecting records, reviewing, analyzing and determining disclosability of material and redacting nondisclosable material);   2) At least two years of experience in using electronic software to track and process FOIA requests;   3) At least three years experience in using software such as MS Word, Excel, Lotus 123, and/or WordPerfect.  4) Bachelors degree with FOIA related certification (prefered)    *Minimum Knowledge, Skills and Abilities:*  - Ability to work effectively and efficiently in a team environment and relate well to others   - Ability to show initiative and commitment to the company’s goals   - Ability to readily adapt to changing requirements   - Strong commitment to performing and producing at the highest level of quality at all times   - Ability to manage individual workflow effectively and improve processes when necessary   - Ability to communicate clearly and effectively with coworkers both in written and verbal communications   - Positive attitude focused on customer satisfaction      *Physical Requirements:*  While performing the duties of this job, the employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; sit; use hands and fingers to handle, or feel objects, office equipment; use fingers and hands to type or write; reach with hands and arms; talk or hear. Specific vision abilities required by the job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and the ability to adjust focus. Ability to Lift up to 10 lbs, bend, reach, carry, stoop, kneel, climb, etc.       This position is performed in a traditional office environment.    Please submitt a well documented resume with examples of how in the past you have completed the job description.     FEDSYNC is an Equal Opportunity Employer.      






bs-degree-needed supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed