The Griffin Groupe is sourcing professionals for a premiere client in Rosemead, CA. This is for a 12 month consulting engagement.  * Bachelor's degree in Information Technology, related field or equivalent combination of education, training, and experience. * Demonstrated ability and experience in conducting analysis of business requirements, system requirements, system design, and system test plans. * Typically possesses five or more years experience performing systems development activities. * Possesses knowledge of the development and support of client server applications. Demonstrated ability to model, analyze, design, test implement, and maintain moderately complex applications. Candidate must be client-focused with the ability to articulate the impact of technology to the business value. * Knowledge of data management required.  *Requirements*  * Gathers electronic documents analyzes, and draws conclusions on complex data and information after considering alternatives through independent research and analysis. * Acts as key resource or consultant to department and division management, internal customers and client organization on specific project, program, functional, or strategic issues with moderate to broad impact where subject matter expertise goes beyond established procedures and practices and requires analysis and decision making. * Develops and may conduct training for assigned programs. * As an independent analyst or in a lead capacity, plans, develops, and coordinates the design and implementation of mid to large-sized projects or a component of these projects. * May manage a key program or project component in support of overall functional or project initiatives. * Prepares detailed and complex analysis and recommendations in support of major program, project, or business unit and corporate goals after careful consideration of several alternatives developed from independent internal and external research in support of key programs, projects, contracts, or business unit goals. * Develops recommendations in support of key strategic initiatives. Develops solutions to problems of major scope and complexity. Develops and makes presentations to department and business unit management, customers, and other interested parties. May provide functional direction to others.  *Skills required:*  * Ability to understand business needs and implement technical solutions in MS Access and SQL Server * Proficient in MS Access - Must have experience developing standard Access Databases * Proficient in SQL Server * Proficient in System Analysis * Excellent at Data Analysis * Strong Analytical and Critical Thinking  *General duties and time involved, may include:*  * 10% Generating reports * 50% Analyzing business needs and formulating business requirements * 20% Creating new systems (MS Access and SQL Server) * 20% Modifying existing systems (MS Access and SQL Server)  *Basically, with minimal supervision or assistance, the individual must be able to:*  * Determine what our business clients system needs are * Help create or modify system to meet business needs * Perform quality control evaluation on new and existing systems * QC reports to ensure accuracy  keywords: sql, sql server, etl, excel, sdlc, development, database, training, ui, reporting, change management, business objects, computer science, user interface, quality control, data, cobol, sox, data analysis, vba, workflow, sme, ms access, plm, infopath, subject matter expert, internal controls, application architecture, roi analysis, system analysis, process automation, technical specifications, lead designer, senior application analyst, operational process models, it network audit, normalized databases, extract translate load, business continuity programs, signature verification, sqn, lead programmer analyst, user and systems requirements 






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed