Company is offering a desktop support position reporting directly to the IT Manager.   We have been in business since 1997 and currently have 50 employees. Our business is tax consulting providing services nationwide. Cutting edge technology solutions are a key component to company success. The position is paid hourly, 40 hours a week, Monday through Friday, 8am to 5pm.  This is primarily a desktop support position with opportunities available to learn on the job within a highly available server infrastructure environment. Applicant will need to be comfortable working within a small business environment in a respectful manner.  Candidate needs to be well organized, able to manage desktop hardware inventory and maintain procedural documentation on a daily basis as well as research new technology solutions.   The candidate should have in-depth knowledge of the following: • Microsoft desktop operating systems (Windows XP, Vista, Windows7) • Desktop hardware troubleshooting and parts replacement • Desktop firewall settings • Microsoft Office applications (Office 2007 & 2010), particularly Excel and Outlook • Anti-virus programs and malware detection/removal procedures • Basic Active Directory functions (account creation and profile settings) • Basic batch file creation • Basic IP Addressing and DHCP functions • Performing updates and patches  Experience a plus, but not required: • Microsoft server operating systems (2003, 2008, 2008R2, Hyper-V 2008R2) • Microsoft IIS, Exchange (2007 & 2010), Terminal services, RRAS, and VPN, Group Policy, DNS, WSUS, 2008R2 high availability clusters • Symantec Backup Exec 2010 & System Recovery 2010 • NTFS permissions including share creation and security group inheritance principles • Firewalls (DLink, LinkSys, SonicWall, & WatchGuard) • Network switches • iSCSI SANs • Database Maintenance • Avaya IPOffice PBX phone system  Benefits include: • On the job training for higher level information technology solutions • Dental • Health • Life • Long Term Disability • 8 PTO Days • 10 Vacation Days (vacation time increases with years spent with company) • 7 Paid Holidays • School Loan Assistance Program • IRA Matching (3%) • Training  Pay is determined on experience and education.  Candidate must have permanent authorization to work in the US without sponsorship.  






full-time-job hourly-wage