Thought about specializing?  Hiring a Family Physician or Internist for our Evidence Based ADHD Clinic:  We are looking for an General Practice Physician or Med-Peds to join our Pediatrician in our new clinic which opened in June!   Our evidence based, physician owned, ADHD medical clinics are opening this summer! We are hiring  Internal Medicine Physicians to join our established Pediatricians in our offices.   Board Certified or Board Eligible physician within Med-Peds, Internal or Family Medicine.  Candidate should have 2-3 years clinical experience as a practicing physician within their field. Ideal candidate should have.  Experience working with ADHD or at minimum a personal passion for ADHD patients.  The successful candidate has a passion for learning if not experience and demonstrated expertise in evidence-based practices.   We seek a committed practitioner looking to expand their exceptional clinical skills in the assessment and treatment of adults, children and adolescents with ADHD and its co-morbidities.   We Provide: • NO BUY IN and NO CALL! • Customized EHR system specific to ADHD • In-house marketing and recruiting team • Detailed training program • Collaborative team and environment • A work-life balance where you can truly impact your community You can learn more about us at www.example.com  • Please call or email our in-house recruitment manager Danielle Powers:  dpowers at focus-md.com or  XXX  with any questions.  About Focus: We are a small group of physician owned, evidence based ADHD clinics opening in the Southeast. We provide enhanced technology and an approach to ADHD diagnosis and treatment that customizes ADHD evidence-based guidelines for a new standard of care. With almost 10% of the population suffering from ADHD or similarly related disorders, the need has never been greater than now for us to revolutionize the medical practice of ADHD. Our goal is to provide a more comprehensive, higher quality and more cost and time effective standard of treatment. 






licence-needed 2-4-years-experience-needed