Title: Senior Java/J2EE Technical Consultant   Client: Large Public Company   Location: Denver, CO   Duration: CONTRACT, at least 6 months   Rate: OPEN, depending on Qualifications and Experience     Responsible for application design and architecture components. Developing and testing detailed functional designs for business solution components and prototypes. Responsible for application build, test, and deploy activities. Planning and executing data conversion activities. Driving test planning and execution     Primary Responsibilities:   • Detail design and development of web services and Enterprise Stateless Session Beans for the integration between Travel and Procurement System (TAPS) and other Enterprise systems (accounting system, payroll system, employee administration system, etc.). • Create re-usable/reference implementations for COTS application integration frameworks and services based on the design and implementation work done on TAPS project. • Work directly with other development teams and groups to make sure integration interface contract is satisfied by conducting functional code review and functional end to end testing to make sure all business requirements and system requirements are met. • Analysis of business problems to be solved. Working with architect to propose and design the solutions, and implement agreed upon end to end solution and ensure the solution aligns with Client’s architecture principals and guideline.     Minimum Qualifications:   • Minimum 4 to 6 Years Java/J2EE design & development experience. • 2+ years experienced with J2EE architecture design and service development involving Web Services • Extensive working experience on creating framework and service from existing system functionality. • Extensive working experience with J2EE technology including EJB, web services (SOAP, REST is a plus) and client server programming. • Approve record on multi-tier web services application architecture and design including OOAD, SOA, relational databases, LDAP, and security integration • Extensive working experience with Spring and Hibernate. • Mastering of object-oriented design, re-use, and component-based development.     A history of meeting or exceeding aggressive deadlines in uncertain environments, and delivering high quality software. • Accept personal responsibility to deliver on commitments, have courage to raise issues, and proactively work to resolve issues and remove barriers in a timely manner. • Strong teamwork, interpersonal, and communication (oral and written) skills are required. • Ability to work well with business and I/T customers     






2-4-years-experience-needed