 *Company Description* Micro- Coax is a world leader in the development and manufacture of high frequency semi-rigid and flexible coaxial cables. We develop and manufacture right on site. Our products are used in aerospace, military, telecommunications, and test and measurement applications.  Micro-Coax offers its associates the ability to work hands-on with a highly specialized product. We offer competitive starting salaries with a comprehensive benefit program, a flexible work schedule, great co-workers, and a GREAT place to work.  *Position Description* This position will encompass all the administrative responsibilities that support the lobby in conjunction with the Level One Sales Support Coordinator responsibilities.  This associate will need to regularly demonstrate a positive outlook, professional demeanor, solid communication and organizational skills in order to be successful in this position.  Lobby coverage is required during the office hours of:  7:30 a.m. – 5:00 p.m. Monday – Thursday and 7:30 a.m. to 12:00 noon on Friday.      - Support and coordinate all visitor activity.     - Establish and maintain procedures to support visitor activity.     - Inbound and outbound mail: sort, distribute, pick-up/ drop-off.     - Field sales calls for Sales Operations and Organization.     - Ability to prioritize work flow to support the business.     - Maintain the lobby environment.     - Perform accurate and complete order entry in BaaN.     - Produce Contract Review Router and Order Acknowledgements.     - Identify order discrepancies and alert Account Representative of findings.     - Work directly with internal and external customers through email, phone and fax.     - Provide tracking information to customers upon request.     - Provide ongoing support to Account Representatives and Sales Support personnel.     - Ability to take/ accept direction from Account Representatives, peers and leadership team members.     - Support and coordinate all visitor activity.  Excellent interpersonal relationship skills in the plant and in field are essential for success in this job.  It requires the ability to effectively communicate with all MC departments.  It is essential that all MC customers and employees view the Sales/ Office Assistant as friendly, courteous, ethical and interested in providing efficient customer service at all levels.  *Position Requirements* Musts:      High School Diploma, GED or equivalent     0 – 4 years experience in an office environment.     1 – 2 years experience in a customer service related positions; multiple phone line support; demonstrated customer service skills.     Previous exposure to an administrative position.     Strong organizational skills.     Experience with Microsoft Office tools.  Wants:      2 – 4 years experience of Customer Service related background.     4 – 6 years experience in an office environment.     Sales Support related background.     Ability to multi-task.     Multi-line support (switchboard experience)   *Additional Info*  All qualified candidates must be a US Citizen or Permanent Resident and be able to successfully complete a post-offer/pre-employment physical and drug screen.  We look forward to receiving your resume!  Please note that due to the volume of resumes received will will only be in direct contact with those candidate who selected for further consideration for the position.  www.example.com  All your information will be kept confidential according to EEO guidelines.  EEO  M/F/D/V 






supervising-job full-time-job 1-year-experience-needed