*Company overview* Telemetry is the world’s first and only global infrastructure network designed from the ground up to physically deliver, analyze and verify all aspects of commercial online video. Designed, built and innovated by an International Emmy award winning team, uses for the infrastructure include online advertising, e-learning, TV content distribution and movie facilitation. Through its ability to shine a transparent light on an otherwise opaque commercial world Telemetry facilitates wealth and spreads online video best practice through the veins of this most important of emerging mediums.  *Our culture* Telemetry’s culture is dynamic and agile. We take pride in our work and strive for excellence in everything we do. We work as a global team, and although we are a technology company we talk to each other. Whilst we have a focus on the commercial application of our products, we are passionate innovators who are known for our speed and flexibility in delivering customer specific solutions across the globe. Every single one of our people contributes directly to the company’s success, and we strongly believe in treating each other fairly and with respect.  *Role Description* The Compliance Trafficker will be an organized, enthusiastic and pro-active team member. You will be working with multiple clients, operating globally, to carry out the trafficking and management of global ad campaigns. You will rapidly develop a strong understanding of internal and external software to carry out your trafficking duties. You will develop strong relationships with internal Account Managers, Software Developers, Studio Artists and Publishers. You are responsible to ensure that accuracy and attention to detail remain a core value throughout the completion of everyday responsibilities. This role requires technological interest, eagerness, a calm disposition, and clear verbal and written communication skills.   *Reporting lines* You will be reporting to the US Trafficking Manager.   *Key responsibilities* • Manage the setup, execution, and monitoring of digital campaigns • Use proprietary tools and technology to import media plans, create tags, and monitor campaigns • Troubleshoot and help resolve any delivery issues • Produce internal and external reports that detail campaign performance • Search and find instances of advertising being delivered in breech of client’s contract • Help conduct investigations into instances of potential sharp practice   *Skills and Competencies* • Exemplary attention to detail • Strong organizational skills • Knowledgeable with regards to the internet  • Ability to quickly adapt and use moderately technical software • A high level of communication skills both written and verbal • A keen interest in the wider business  • Sets high personal standards and is committed to self-development  • Handle fast-moving projects  *Qualifications/Experience* • 1+ years of relevant experience in the media industry • Familiarity with Online Advertising, specifically Video, Display, and Rich Media • Strong interest in digital advertising technology






full-time-job 1-year-experience-needed