Ruby on Rails Web Programmer needed for Web development in Atlanta, GA.  Great opportunity to build programming skills in a flexible, life-style friendly environment.    Full medical and dental benefits, 3 weeks accrued vacation plus1 week paid vacation for Winter holidays. 401K plan with 5% matching.    If you are a self-motivated Web Programmer with Ruby experience, please read on!    WHAT YOU NEED:  - 5+yrs Web Programming experience  - 2+ yrs Ruby, Ruby on Rails experience  - CSS, DHTML  - Relational Database experience (MySQL, etc)    A PLUS TO HAVE:  - Javascript  - Git  - AJAX  - Smart Phone development experience  - Social networking application development    WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING:  - Develop quality solutions built in Ruby, XML, HTTP, and other web technologies that enhance user experience and drive performance.  - Develop high quality code to effective implement strategies to enhance customer experience.   - Analyze business needs and create high-level technical design specifications and online solutions.  - Develop additional features for web-based applications including front-end development, server-side development and database integration.  - Handle open-ended and dynamic programming tasks and assignments within an agile team environment  - Provide guidance for the development of new features, applications and platform utilization   - Optimize both code and database schema for speed.  Quickly identify and troubleshoot performance bottlenecks.    REQUIRED SKILLS  - Self taught, highly intelligent and ability to work with minimal supervision  - Be challenged by obstacles; resourceful and able to solve problems in a timely    manner  - Strong communications skills, professional demeanor and the ability to work across the organization  - Strong attention to detail and code clarity  - Constant change is the norm, flexibility is key  - Juggle multiple tasks and function well under pressure    QUALIFICATIONS  Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related degree is preferred  5 years web programming experience with at least 2 years of Ruby on Rails experience.    SALARY  $55,000 to $65,000 depending upon experience    






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed salary