Sales/Marketing Full-Time Summer Paid Internship- www.example.com    GigMasters.com, the popular entertainment booking site, is on the hunt for a business/marketing undergraduate or recent college graduate to work full-time in summer 2012. 40 hours per example@example.com per hour.     Gig who?    GigMasters has been helping performers get gigs and party planners find the perfect entertainment since 1997, so technically we're not a startup, but the youthful atmosphere, fast-paced work environment, and regular happy hours kind of make us feel like one. Our office is in South Norwalk, Connecticut, close to the train station and a ton of great restaurants and bars.To learn more about the talented people behind GigMasters, meet the Team - www.example.com .    When?    Start May 21st. End August 24th. We’re flexible on these dates for the right candidate! Get your foot in the door! More opportunities available this fall!    What you’ll do…    You’ll work with our Sales Team - conducting market research, creating targeted sales leads, and communicating with current GigMasters members via telephone, email, and live chat. The Sales Team’s primary objective is to obtain new members (musicians, bands, live entertainers, etc.) to add to our 10,000+ members located throughout the United States and Canada.     What you’ll bring to the table…    The idea candidate should be a business/marketing major or recent college graduate who is self-motivated, energetic, organized, and Internet savvy.     The skinny…    If you’re looking to beef up your resume, gain real world work experience in a dynamically fun office environment, all while making some money - this job is for you!     Responsibilities Include:     - List building  - Market research   - Creative and resourceful use of Internet for research and contacting of potential clients   - Strong ability to multi-task between current and future initiatives   - Reaching out to existing and potential new members    Please note: You’ll be working in our South Norwalk, CT office. Serious candidates please reside within a 1 hour commute of South Norwalk. For consideration, please fax resume and cover letter to Mr. Kevin Kinyon at  XXX , or email by responding to this ad. Thank you.   






full-time-job associate-needed hourly-wage