*Attention: This position is for insurance sales professionals only.  Those without clear sales experience and results please do not apply.*  Location: St. Louis/eastern Missouri  One of the biggest barriers to entry in sales of any kind is the cold call: having to pick up the phone time after time and talk to someone who likely has no interest in what you’re offering.  It’s a snap for those who have the knack, but it’s a time bomb in the hand for many.    Any insurance agent will tell you that quality leads are the biggest accelerator for success.  Over and over they tell us of bad experiences with outdated consumer information and shady practices.  Many of them have been burned multiple times.  Redbird Advisors specializes in life insurance for the senior market ages 50-85.  Cold calling to this market simply isn’t effective.  The foundation of our success is an in-house, proven direct mail lead system that consistently works.  Sharpened for almost a decade, our approach uses tried and true direct mail techniques that consistently generate a 1-2% response rate. “Only 1-2%,” you say?  Well, unless you’re giving away free stuff, 1-2% is historically what consumer direct mail returns.    Here’s how it works.   We work with one of the best list development companies in the U.S.  With their data we work directly with our agents to identify territories in which they will sell.  We never sell the same list to other agents; OUR LEADS ARE FOR OUR AGENTS ONLY.  Letters are mailed to targeted seniors who respond by filling out a postage paid return card, which is in your hands immediately after it’s received.  So, when you call them they are expecting your call and are happy to hear from you.    We are looking for independent-minded agents to grow our regional team in the St. Louis/eastern MO area.  PLEASE--only those with proven sales experience should apply.  The successful Redbird agent is passionately independent and thrives in an environment where they have control of the outcome.  If you want to take next week off, you take it off.  If the kids have activities, you go to them.  The ideal candidate must have proven sales experience, ideally 3+ years.  Insurance or financial services experience a plus.  Six figure incomes are the norm for those that work within our lead system.    Visit our website—www.example.com download an overview of the opportunity (link at top right of home page).  We look forward to hearing from you.  Essential functions and responsibilities:   1. Become an expert on the insurance products the company represents; develop ability to explain to customers features and benefits of all policy types 2. Develop customer-focused selling skills, selling based on client needs 3. Ensure policy requirements are fulfilled by customer (e.g. appropriate medical exams are fulfilled, forms filled out correctly, etc.) 4. Deliver face-to-face presentations to prospective customers, including information gathering to determine customer needs 5. Coordination with home office to ensure all necessary information is provided to quickly process policies and to provide ongoing customer service  Qualifications:  1. Proven success selling either life or health insurance products, preferably to the senior market 2. A customer-focused mentality where what you sell is based on customer needs, not what you can sell.  Experience:  1. At least three years of insurance sales experience, preferably selling life or health products  Skills and Knowledge: 1. Ability to learn quickly and absorb details 2. Positive attitude 3. Analytical thinking 4. Organization skills 5. Detail orientation 6. Knowledge of personal computer applications including Microsoft Office products 7. Ability to demonstrate excellent oral and written communication, including presentation skills  






2-4-years-experience-needed