JOB ANNOUCEMENT    ADULT MEDICINE PHYSICIAN    MNHC is one of the oldest community health centers serving the diverse health needs of the Latino community in San Francisco. We have innovative programs across the full life cycle including specialty clinics for HIV, teen, prenatal, and a dedicated homeless center. We provide clinically competent and culturally sensitive care to largely uninsured and underinsured patients.    GENERAL STATEMENT OF DUTIES  The Family Practice/Internal Medicine Physician at Mission Neighborhood Health Center will be responsible for providing services to Adult Medicine patients. Additional hours may be needed in our Wednesday evening clinic.    REPORTING RELATIONSHIP  Reports to the Clinical Coordinator of Adult Medicine.    DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  •Provides ambulatory acute, chronic, and preventative medical services in accordance with Community National Standards of Practice and DHHS guidelines.  •Provides continuity of care for hospitalized and referred patients according to Health Center protocols.  •Fulfills all credentialing and re credentialing requirements including maintaining accurate records.  •Participates in Team Based Care.  •Participates in Quality Assurance activities as designated by the Medical Director.  •Participates in consultation, supervision and preceptorship of mid-level practitioners as needed.  •Attends Health Center medical or departmental meetings as directed by the Medical Director.  •Other related duties as assigned.    *To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each of the essential job results satisfactorily. The qualification requirements listed are representative of the knowledge, skill, and or ability required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position.    QUALIFICATIONS  •Licensed in the state of California and current DEA registration.  •Board certified or residency trained in Family Practice or Internal Medicine.  •Bilingual in Spanish and English required.  ﻿   BENEFITS AND VACATION  MNHC offers an excellent benefits package, which includes fully paid Medical, Dental, Vision and Life insurance. Twelve (12) paid holidays, a floating holiday and birthday holiday in addition to vacation and sick leave. We also offer paid educational leave and 401(k).    APPLYING FOR THIS JOB  If you are interested in applying for this position, please email your resume and cover letter toapply please see our website    www.example.com    ***MNHC IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER. WE PARTICIPATE IN E-VERIFY***  






licence-needed