Reporting to the Managing Director, the Controller will be responsible for oversight of all finance, accounting, and reporting activities. The Controller will work closely with the senior management team and take part in supporting presentations to the board of directors and the finance committee. The Controller will have a strategic role partnering with the nonprofit’s leadership in planning for the organizations operations and growth.   The Controller will ensure that PAL has the systems and procedures in place to support effective program implementation and audits.  The Controller will work closely with program directors and their staff, not only to educate them regarding PAL’s finance and accounting procedures, but also to explore how the finance function can support program operations.   In addition, the Controller will serve as the liaison with the PEO to handle all employee matters including hiring, termination and corrective action matters.  The Controller will partner with senior management, to enhance and better integrate Finance, HR, and IT functions.      Duties and Responsibilities: 1. Oversee all accounts, ledgers and reporting systems ensuring compliance with any and all relevant government or industry standards and guidelines. 2. Maintain internal control and safeguards for receipt of revenue, costs, and program budgets and actual expenditures. 3. Assist PAL’s senior management staff and finance committee in the annual budgeting and planning process. 4. Prepare and present regular monthly financial reports including budget v. actual, cash flow statements and variance analysis for management and board review.  5. Coordinate performance of the annual audit ensuring required data is available.   6. Coordinate performance of grantor audit ensuring required data is available. 7. Monitoring and controlling the payment of all invoices.  8. Develop budgets for government, foundation and corporate grant applications and provide a copy of these budgets to senior management for review and feedback.  9. Oversee all financial, project/program, and grant accounting; ensure that expenditures are consistently aligned with grant and program budgets throughout the grant/fund period; submit online grant reporting for reimbursements. 10. Manage organizational cash flow forecasting by working with senior management. 11.  Maintain and update tax records and corporate filings and records. 12. Create annual statistical information for inclusion in annual report.   13. Track fixed assets and maintain depreciation schedules  14. Process all new hire paperwork and conduct orientation. 15.     Ensure staffing assignments are within approved budget staff model. 16.     Seek HR guidance from PEO and work closely with Managing Director on employee disciplinary matters. 17.     Complete employee termination paperwork, secure assets and notify appropriate stakeholders.  18. All other duties or special projects as assigned.  Qualifications and Requirements:   A bachelor’s degree with major in Accounting/Finance; CPA preferred.  A minimum of 5 years experience combined in accounting, budgeting, and administration, with a minimum of two years as a controller or assistant controller in a non-profit. Experience in the non-profit environment working with contract and grant compliance a plus. Excellent analytic, organization, and problem solving skills, which allow for strategic data interpretation vs. simple reporting. Strong interpersonal and communication skills; experience in effectively communicating key data, including presentations to senior management, board or other outside partners.  Ability and desire to translate complex financial concepts to individual at all levels including non-finance managers.  Ability to meet deadlines and work under pressure in a fast-paced environment. Knowledge of computer and network systems, accounting and reporting software. Administration and knowledge of online purchase card system a plus.  Must have excellent computer skills, to include Microsoft Word and Excel Must have GP Dynamics experience.  Ability to develop and computer based spreadsheets, graphs and reports. Personal qualities of integrity, credibility, and unwavering commitment to the mission of the Police Athletic League.






5-plus-years-experience-needed bs-degree-needed supervising-job