FLOATER    Advantech Industries Inc. is a contract manufacturer providing sheet metal and precision CNC machined parts and assemblies to the medical, defense, aerospace, scientific instrumentation and electronics industries. We are looking to immediately fill a Floater position. Hours are Monday – Friday 7:30am – 4:00pm. Eligible candidates must have a High School Diploma/GED and 1 year of experience minimum.     DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES  • Under the direct supervision of the Grinding Group Leader, the Floater is responsible for operating the Timesaver, Grinder, Tumbler, Stroke Sander, Grey Wheel, and 90° Angle Grinder.  • Controls operation of computerized deburring and tooling machine to perform series of machining operations, such as drilling, chamfering and deburring.  • Operates tumbling machines to smooth cut pieces.  • Operates one or more centerless grinding machines to grind external or internal cylindrical or tapered surfaces of metal work pieces.    SKILLS & QUALIFICATIONS  • With limited supervision and quality work ethic, functions as a member of a customer-driven quality team whose goal is to ensure that product quality requirements established by the customer have been achieved.  • Holds oneself accountable for doing whatever is needed to meet the commitments made around project outcomes.  • Maintains adequate levels of performance and motivation despite job tasks that are routine, repetitive, and/or non-stimulating.   • Ability to understand and carry out oral and written directives.  • Ability to work well under pressure, to adhere to deadlines and the ability to be flexible.  • Thorough operational knowledge and skills of specific equipment to be operated.  • Ability to operate assigned equipment safely and efficiently.  • Ability to keep record of time spent and material used.  • Ability to use precision measuring tools and equipment, read drawings and blueprints, and be familiar with common machine tools.  • Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions and decimals.  • Finesse in performance of machine shop related duties, including deburring.      JOB BENEFITS   Vacation   Personal Days   Holidays   Health   Dental   401 (k) Plan     Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a pre-employment drug screening.   EOE M/F/D/V  






1-year-experience-needed full-time-job