SOLIDWORKS SHEET METAL ENGINEER  Advantech Industries Inc. is a contract manufacturer providing sheet metal and precision CNC machined parts and assemblies. We are looking to immediately fill a SolidWorks Sheet Metal Engineer position. Hours are Monday – Friday 7:30am – 4:00pm. Eligible candidates must have a High School Diploma/GED and 5 years of experience  minimum.  DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES Under the supervision of the Engineering Manager, the SolidWorks Sheet Metal Engineer is responsible for programming the laser and turret machines and laying out flat blanks from customer drawings.   SKILLS & QUALIFICATIONS • Minimum 5 years of SolidWorks experience. • Experience with Radan and/or AP 100 a plus but not required. • With limited supervision and quality work ethic, functions as a member of a customer-driven quality team whose goal is to ensure that product quality requirements established by the customer have been achieved. • Superior communication skills and ability to develop teamwork among staff.  • Must be diplomatic and possess good human interaction skills. • Holds oneself accountable for doing whatever is needed to meet the commitments made around project outcomes. • Ability to multitask using the appropriate level of priority setting. • Maintains adequate levels of performance and motivation despite job tasks that are routine, repetitive, and/or non-stimulating.  • Ability to work well under pressure, to adhere to deadlines and the ability to be flexible.  • Thorough operational knowledge and skills of specific equipment to be operated. • Ability to operate assigned equipment safely and efficiently.  • Ability to keep record of time spent and material used. • Ability to use precision measuring tools and equipment, read drawings and blueprints, and be familiar with common machine tool. • Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions and decimals.  JOB BENEFITS  Vacation  Personal Days  Holidays  Health  Dental  Vision 401(k) Plan   Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a pre-employment drug screening.  EOE M/F/Disability/Veteran






5-plus-years-experience-needed full-time-job