TOOL CRIB ATTENDANT  JOB SUMMARY Reporting directly to the Plant Manager, the Tool Crib Attendant is responsible for maintaining accurate inventory of all shop tools and equipment as well as repairing or replacing tools/equipment as needed. The person in this position assists the work group in the areas of: a) manufacturing to specifications, b) meeting quality requirements and c) meeting production requirements. Eligible candidates must have a High School Diploma/GED and 5 years Tool Crib/Inventory experience.  DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES • Maintain tracking system of all shop tools & equipment inventory. • Investigate tool quality problems and recommend and/or implement changes or improvements in tooling processes or methods etc. • Maintain working relationships with outside tooling vendors. • Receive requisition requests from different departments, gather items requested and keep records of items dispensed from and returned to tool crib. • Maintain minimum quantities of commonly used tools and equipment. • Ensure compliance of Federal (OSHA), State, and Local safety laws. • Responsible to ensure accurate inventory by reviewing inventory summaries and details. • Assist and train attendants who possess less experience or fewer skills. • Ensures proper preventative maintenance and repairs of all tools and equipment. • Secure diagnostic and/or repair work from outside repair facilities, if required.  SKILLS & QUALIFICATIONS • Must have a thorough knowledge of tooling for CNC machines. • With limited supervision and quality work ethic, functions as a member of a customer-driven quality team whose goal is to ensure that products quality requirements established by the customer have been achieved. • Holds oneself accountable for doing whatever is needed to meet the commitments made around project outcomes. • Maintains adequate levels of performance and motivation despite job tasks that are routine, repetitive, and/or non-stimulating. • Ability to understand and carry out oral and written directives. • Ability to work well under pressure, to adhere to deadlines and the ability to be flexible. • Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide in all units of measure, using whole numbers, common fractions and decimals. • Sufficient computer skills to keep inventory records accurate.  JOB BENEFITS Vacation Personal Days Holidays Health Dental Vision 401(k) Plan  Employment is contingent upon successful completion of a pre-employment drug screening. EOE M/F/Disability/Veteran






5-plus-years-experience-needed