Java Software Engineer Java/JEE   Designing, developing and implementing PC and Mobile web based enterprise applications using Java and the JEE7 platform. * Working as part of highly collaborative and self directed Agile Scrum team that works closely with the Scrum Master, Product Owners, and Stakeholders.  * Incorporating a variety of data management technologies including Oracle, MySQL, SOLR/Lucene, and natural language processing. * Integrating systems using SOAP and RESTful web services. * Enhancing continuous integration & deployment utilizing Jenkins, Ant, Liquibase, and SALT. * Improving quality through automating unit tests; mocking: conducting light weight code reviews, and working closely with the software architectural committee. * Advancing your skills by both leading and participating in developer lead technical sessions, attending industry conferences, and having access to on-line/off-line learning opportunities. * Building relationships with your fellow employees in our open office environment, around the pool table, at the gym, and at numerous company outings.  Required Experience B.S. computer science or equivalent experience 5+ years Java Programming Java Web Applications Development JavaEE Object to Relation Mapping (ORM) SQL HTML CSS JavaScript Web Services Desired Experience Java Server Faces Enterprise Java Beans Hudson/Jenkins Oracle/MyQL  BIDSYNC SUMMARY: Want to be part of something great? Want to be part of a dynamic and growing team? Looking for a challenging role with a growing company?  Look no further. We have an exciting and positive company environment where we are committed to helping our employees grow and achieve their personal and professional goals.    Great Benefits Include:  • Vacation • Sick Time • Holidays • Medical • Dental • Vision • Flex Spending Account • 401K Matching (No vesting period) • Company Subsidized Snack/Soda Machines • Stock Appreciation Rights • Short-term/Long-term Disability • Life Insurance • Pool Table • Employee and Peer-Recognition Awards Our team success has been recognized and awarded by Inc 5000, the last three years, for fastest growing companies as well as several other local awards. We regularly celebrate our successes at Lagoon, Jazz games, the Hogle Zoo and with many other events throughout the year. We want your talent to be part of this exciting adventure!






bs-degree-needed salary full-time-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed