General Description of Job: Responsible for daily operations of a home improvement/decor retail business with the overall store success as measured by high levels of customer satisfaction and increases in sales.    Mission Statement: The Director, Sales Manager and Retail Operations is responsible for ensuring each store is operating professionally and safely, is organized to maximize the customer’s shopping experience, and is staffed appropriately for the level of business. Every store and all store employees must operate under the guidelines of the Employee Handbook. The goal of this position is to maximize volume, margin and profits while protecting and enhancing the reputation of the Company.    Key Responsibilities:  o Drive store performance by optimizing sales and gross margin.  o Manage and motivate team to increase sales and ensure efficiencies.  o Develop all employees through performance planning, goal setting, performance evaluation, training, and continuous improvement..  o Responsible for staffing by attracting, screening, hiring, and retaining top performers.  o Manage by the numbers by understanding and taking corrective actions in response to monthly financial statements and operating statistics. Analyze sales figures and forecasting future sales volumes to maximize profits  o Provide exemplary customer service.  o Set the industry standard for consumer oriented on floor presentation.     Qualifications:  o 10 years’ experience in retail store management/operations.  o Relevant industry experience preferred but not required.  o Proven track record in maximizing/increasing sales and profit.  o Proven leadership/management skills.  o Solid track record in exemplary customer service.  o Strong retail presentation skills.  o Hands on management style while allowing for and encouraging independent spirit of proven employees.  o Strong communication skills – oral and written.  o Strong organizational skills.  o Strong analytical skills.  o Resourceful self-starter.  o Strong initiative.  o Solid understanding of ‘retail math’ to include sell-thru and inventory SKU turn concepts.  o Proficient with computer in general and Microsoft office products in particular.    OTHER SKILLS AND ABILITIES   Must be a self-starter, able to work with little supervision, and possess the ability to interact productively with coworkers and outside vendors.  Must be able to follow directions, understand and follow work rules, and work in a dynamic, complex and fast paced work environment.  Must be able to exercise independent judgment and to identify and resolve complex problems and work under pressure.  






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed