General Compression (\"GC\") was founded with the vision of creating Dispatchable Wind™, an idea that wind energy, one of the most abundant sources of renewable energy in the world, can be transformed from its intermittent nature into a predictable energy source able to meet the dispatch requirements of the utility grid.  Recognizing that the key to expanding clean power is stabilizing power output from wind and other variable sources, General Compression developed the General Compression Advanced Energy Storage (GCAESTM) system to store large quantities of energy from wind farms and make it available on demand. We are working in partnership with major utilities, independent power producers (IPPs), and gas storage operators across North America and Europe to evaluate a number of sites where GCAES™ can firm intermittent power and provide reliable, Dispatchable Wind™.    Program Manager    Reporting to the COO, the Program Manager will be responsible for overseeing and leading all facets of operational initiatives related to the construction, delivery and commissioning of a singular GCAES project.  As Program Manager you will lead an interdisciplinary team that includes Engineering, Supply Chain, Human Resource, and Finance to deliver a quality project on-time and within established budgetary parameters.  Key Responsibilities  • Direct all program related activities; develop and manage to a master schedule/plan and project budget.  • Define site criteria for project based on construction requirements and partner needs.  • Lead all EPC activities for the program utilizing internal and external resources.  • Represent General Compression at the local and state level as needed (i.e. permitting, local utility).  • Negotiate with and manage the performance of general contractors.  • Problem solve to meet program objectives.  • Conduct program reviews with corporate leadership.  Skills and Experience  • 15+ years related experience in program/construction management preferably within the wind/power industry.  • Demonstrated ability to coordinate multiple projects, in addition to excellent organization and analytical skills.  • Possess strong technical project management expertise including planning, and budget administration.  • Strong computer skills and proficiency in spreadsheets, MS Project, scheduling tools and presentation software is a must.  • Must have working knowledge of large-scale fabrication operations, working knowledge of detail and assembly drawings used in manufacturing processes.   • Ability to multi-task efficiently and work well under pressure.  • Strong EPC experience.   • Demonstrated success reducing project costs and/or engineering activities.






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed