We are seeking people to work with Small Business Owners as Advisors. Seasoned professionals, with career and life experience are our ideal team members. Educational ranges may vary. It is a valued resource, however experience (corporate, public, private, or military) is critical.   Bring incredible impact to small businesses. Assess a prospect’s issues and opportunities, and deliver a road map for the improvement of the business’ performance and profitability. You will be working with local entrepreneurs to address needs, identify problem areas and uncover opportunities for the client. Prospective clients will be within close proximity to your location and no overnight or long distance travel is required.  Under their license as a company certified by the non-profit Organization for Entrepreneurial Development (OED), the Waterview Group delivers the Organization’s Local Business Assistance Program (LBAP) and are seeking to add business and consulting professionals who are experienced in dealing with entrepreneurial small businesses. All OED-Certified companies such as Waterview provide consulting and coaching services to small and medium sized businesses.  A broad cross-section of industries is served by OED’s Local Business Assistance Program including (but not limited to): Manufacturing, consumer goods, financial services, retail, restaurant, hospitality, professional services, education, healthcare, import/export, transportation, technology, and energy.  NOTE: All initial contact and interviews will be through OED directly to ensure that all candidates meet the rigorous standards of OED and the LBAP. Qualified candidates will then be presented to The Waterview Group if the candidate so desires. Qualified candidates may also consider becoming part of OED directly.  To move to the next phase of your career, and begin moving businesses in your local area toward recovery, respond directly to: www.example.com  Information regarding The Waterview Group may be found at www.example.com.  PLEASE NOTE: ALL APPLICATIONS MUST BE COMPLETED VIA www.example.com Please copy paste link to browser if no linked live in ad. Please do not submit via fax or email attachment.  Requirements •Ideal candidates will have 15+ years of professional experience at managerial and/or senior levels •Possess strong written and verbal communication skills •Experience in any of the following core specialties is favorable: Operations; sales; marketing; accounting & finance; management consulting; business development; human resources; supply chain management; import/export; technology •Position requires only local travel •Position is 100% pay for your performance/commission






supervising-job 5-plus-years-experience-needed