Bring incredible impact to small businesses. Assess a prospect’s issues and opportunities, and deliver a road map for the improvement of the business’ performance and profitability.  You will be working with local entrepreneurs to address their own specific needs, using proven methodologies to identify problem areas and uncover opportunities for the client company. Prospective clients will be within close proximity to your location and no overnight or long distance travel is required.  Under certification as by the non-profit Organization for Entrepreneurial Development, our Certified Advisors deliver the Organization’s Local Business Assistance Program (LBAP). We are seeking to add business and consulting professionals to leverage their experience to provide guidance to entrepreneurial small businesses. This is an excellent opportunity for those seeking independent consulting assignments as well as experienced individuals seeking to increase and stabilize engagement volumes.   A broad cross-section of industries is served by OED’s Local Business Assistance Program including (but not limited to): manufacturing, consumer goods, financial services, retail, restaurant, hospitality, professional services, education, healthcare, import/export, transportation, technology, military, and energy.  Requirements •Ideal candidates will have 15+ years of professional experience at managerial and/or senior levels •Possess strong written and verbal communication skills •Experience in any of the following core specialties is favorable: Operations; sales; marketing; accounting & finance; management consulting; business development; human resources; supply chain management; import/export; technology •Position requires only local travel •Position is 100% pay for your performance/commission •An enrollment fee may be required for those interested in becoming an OED Certified Advisor  Interested parties are asked to submit resume or professional summary to: www.example.com   Training, Guidance, and Mentoring for YOUR Success All Advisors receive training on the Local Business Assistance program methodologies and access to a complete set of engagement tools. Additionally, as a part of ICP3 Certification, each new Certified Advisor is invited to participate in OED’s MasterMind Coaching Program. The program includes facilitated group sessions with other ICP3 Certified Advisors, as well as private time with a senior coach/advisor. Newly Certified Advisors have found these group and individual sessions to be extremely valuable in helping them to build engagement volume and insight within new clients.  OED supports you in finding prospects. You build the client relationship. You retain all billing in your practice, working in an independent contract-basis. An enrollment fee may be required for OED Certified Advisor entry via the OED ICP3.    Keywords: Consulting, management consulting, marketing, accounting, finance, business development, business services, logistics, small business, sales, entrepreneurial, entrepreneur, strategic planning, project management, human resources, military, legal, supply chain, quality assurance, training, coaching






5-plus-years-experience-needed