The *Application Developer* participates in all phases of the application development life cycle, focusing on analysis, design, coding, unit testing and documentation. Maintain existing web-based applications; create new applications; and participate in the creation of a new data warehouse.  Work in a team environment yet to function independently. Interact regularly with other Information Technology staff as well as end users and thus utilize various oral and written communication skills. As a senior-level developer, you will mentor less experienced developers including performing code reviews.  PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: - Use Booth development methodologies and coding standards to develop new, and maintain existing applications, reports, interfaces, web services and other processes. - Build, modify and test application components and enhancements. - Produce quality deliverables based on requirements gathered, business processes, departmental standards and best practices. - Participate in all phases of application development including: - Regular consultation with client users to validate and document understanding of requirements - Creation of design specifications for the application code, user interface, data flow, data structures, metadata and other components as required. - Unit, system, integration, parallel and performance testing - Adapt to and be willing to learn new technologies as they become part of our development toolset. - Create and facilitate knowledge transfer processes within Development and Operation teams.    *Qualifications* Bachelor's degree in computer science or a related field required.  A minimum five years of experience developing and supporting applications are required.  A minimum three years of work experience developing applications on the ASP .NET framework in C# preferred, preferably utilizing Microsoft Visual Studio and Team Foundation Server. SharePoint, Microsoft Reporting Services, Microsoft Integration Services, Java, SAS or mobile application development experience preferred. Experience in developing ETL processes, data cleansing, creation of metadata and the use of various reporting tools preferred.  Proficiency with Microsoft SQL and SQL Server required. Strong problem solving skills and the ability to quickly identify options and make recommendations to solve issues required. Solid analytical skills with the ability to assess complex problems and translate them into a functioning solution required. Excellent oral and written communications skills are required. Ability to be an advocate of best practices in software design and demonstrate that you have used these practices in previous positions required.  Ability to work both independently and in a team environment required.  Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously, adjust priorities when necessary and consistently meet deadlines is required.  Good understanding of data warehouse fundamentals and experience in data warehousing is preferred.  The University of Chicago is an Affirmative Action / Equal Opportunity Employer.






supervising-job bs-degree-needed 5-plus-years-experience-needed